<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230227_10-K_edgar_data_36104_0001193125-23-050691.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>33076784</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>819965</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3934563</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>13877009</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>6173644</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>6931750</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-23-050691.hdr.sgml : 20230227
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230227154121
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-23-050691
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		200
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230227
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230227

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			US BANCORP \DE\
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000036104
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		IRS NUMBER:				410255900
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-06880
		FILM NUMBER:		23674306

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		U.S. BANCORP
		STREET 2:		800 NICOLLET MALL
		CITY:			MINNEAPOLIS
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55402-7020
		BUSINESS PHONE:		651-466-3000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		U.S. BANCORP
		STREET 2:		800 NICOLLET MALL
		CITY:			MINNEAPOLIS
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55402-7020

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FIRST BANK SYSTEM INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FIRST BANK STOCK CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19720317

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-23-050691.txt : 20230227

10-K
 1
 d410791d10k.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

F

 orm 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES 

EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES 

EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition 

period from (not applicable) 

Commis

sion file number: 

U.S. Bancorp 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of

incorporation or organization)

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

, , 

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class

Trading

symbols 

Name of each exchange on which registered

, .01 par value per share

(each representing 1/100th interest in a share of Series A Non-Cumulative
 Perpetual Preferred Stock, par value 1.00)

(each representing 1/1,000th interest in a share of Series B Non-Cumulative
 Perpetual Preferred Stock, par value 1.00)

(each representing 1/1,000th interest in a share of Series K Non-Cumulative
 Perpetual Preferred Stock, par value 1.00)

(each representing 1/1,000th interest in a share of Series L Non-Cumulative
 Perpetual Preferred Stock, par value 1.00)

(each representing 1/1,000th interest in a share of Series M Non-Cumulative
 Perpetual Preferred Stock, par value 1.00)

(each representing 1/1,000th interest in a share of Series O Non-Cumulative
 Perpetual Preferred Stock, par value 1.00)

0.850 , Series X (Senior), due June 7, 2024

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

None 

Indicate by ch

 eck mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 No 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T
 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated
 filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2
 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated
 filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its aud

 it 
 report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2
 
 of the Act). Yes 

No 
 As of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates
 of the registrant was billion based on the closing sale price as reported on the New York Stock Exchange. 
 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 

Class

Outstanding at January 31, 2023

Common Stock, .01 par value per share

Auditor Firm Id: 
 
 Auditor Name: 
 
 Auditor Location: 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Document

Parts Into Which Incorporated

1.

Portions of the Annual Report to Shareholders for the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 (the 2022 Annual Report 

Parts I and II

2.

Portions of the Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held April 18, 2023 (the Proxy Statement 

Part III

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business Forward-Looking Statements THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION APPEARS IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT OF 1995: This report contains forward-looking statements about U.S. Bancorp U.S. Bancorp or the Company ). Statements that are not historical or current facts, including statements about beliefs and expectations, are forward-looking statements and are based on the information available to, and assumptions and estimates made by, management as of the date hereof. These forward-looking statements cover, among other things, future economic conditions and the anticipated future revenue, expenses, financial condition, asset quality, capital and liquidity levels, plans, prospects and operations of U.S. Bancorp. Forward-looking statements often use words such as anticipates, targets, expects, hopes, estimates, projects, forecasts, intends, plans, goals, believes, continue and other similar expressions or future or conditional verbs such as will, may, might, should, would and could. Forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in forward-looking statements, including the following risks and uncertainties: 

Deterioration in general business and economic conditions or turbulence in domestic or global financial markets, which could adversely affect U.S. Bancorp s revenues and the values of its assets and liabilities, reduce the availability of funding to certain financial institutions, lead to a tightening of credit, and increase stock price volatility; 

Changes to statutes, regulations, or regulatory policies or practices, including capital and liquidity requirements, and the enforcement and interpretation of such laws and regulations, and U.S. Bancorp s ability to address or satisfy those requirements and other requirements or conditions imposed by regulatory entities; 

Changes in interest rates; 

Increases in unemployment rates; 

Deterioration in the credit quality of its loan portfolios or in the value of the collateral securing those loans; 

Risks related to originating and selling mortgages, including repurchase and indemnity demands, and related to U.S. Bancorp s role as a loan servicer; 

Impacts of current, pending or future litigation and governmental proceedings; 

Increased competition from both banks and non-banks; 

Effects of climate change and related physical and transition risks; 

Changes in customer behavior and preferences and the ability to implement technological changes to respond to customer needs and meet competitive demands; 

Breaches in data security; 

Failures or disruptions in or breaches of U.S. Bancorp s operational or security systems or infrastructure, or those of third parties; 

Failures to safeguard personal information; 

Impacts of pandemics, including the COVID-19 pandemic, natural disasters, terrorist activities, civil unrest, international hostilities and geopolitical events; 

Impacts of supply chain disruptions, rising inflation, slower growth or a recession; 

Failure to execute on strategic or operational plans; 
 2 

Effects of mergers and acquisitions and related integration; 

Effects of critical accounting policies and judgments; 

Effects of changes in or interpretations of tax laws and regulations; 

Management s ability to effectively manage credit risk, market risk, operational risk, compliance risk, strategic risk, interest rate risk, liquidity risk and reputation risk; and 

The risks and uncertainties more fully discussed in the section entitled Risk Factors of the 2022 Annual Report. In addition, U.S. Bancorp s acquisition of MUFG Union Bank, N.A. MUB presents risks and uncertainties, including, among others: the risk that the cost savings, any revenue synergies and other anticipated benefits of the acquisition may not be realized or may take longer than anticipated to be realized; and the possibility that the combination of MUB with U.S. Bancorp, including the integration of MUB, may be more costly or difficult to complete than anticipated or have unanticipated adverse results. In addition, factors other than these risks also could adversely affect U.S. Bancorp s results, and the reader should not consider these risks to be a complete set of all potential risks or uncertainties. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date hereof, and U.S. Bancorp undertakes no obligation to update them in light of new information or future events. General Business Description U.S. Bancorp is a financial services holding company headquartered in Minneapolis, Minnesota, serving millions of local, national and global customers. U.S. Bancorp is registered as a bank holding company under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 (the BHC Act ), and has elected to be treated as a financial holding company under the BHC Act. The Company provides a full range of financial services, including lending and depository services, cash management, capital markets, and trust and investment management services. It also engages in credit card services, merchant and ATM processing, mortgage banking, insurance, brokerage and leasing. U.S. Bancorp s banking subsidiaries, U.S. Bank National Association USBNA and MUB, are engaged in the general banking business, principally in domestic markets, and hold all of the Company s consolidated deposits of 525.0 billion at December 31, 2022. USBNA and MUB provide a wide range of products and services to individuals, businesses, institutional organizations, governmental entities and other financial institutions. Commercial and consumer lending services are principally offered to customers within the Company s domestic markets, to domestic customers with foreign operations and to large national customers operating in specific industries targeted by the Company, such as healthcare, utilities, oil and gas, and state and municipal government. Lending services include traditional credit products as well as credit card services, lease financing and import/export trade, asset-backed lending, agricultural finance and other products. Depository services include checking accounts, savings accounts and time certificate contracts. Ancillary services such as capital markets, treasury management and receivable lock-box collection are provided to corporate and governmental entity customers. U.S. Bancorp s bank and trust subsidiaries provide a full range of asset management and fiduciary services for individuals, estates, foundations, business corporations and charitable organizations. Other U.S. Bancorp non-banking subsidiaries offer investment and insurance products to the Company s customers principally within its domestic markets, and fund administration services to a broad range of mutual and other funds. Banking and investment services are provided through a network of 2,494 banking offices as of December 31, 2022, principally operating in the Midwest and West regions of the United States, through on-line 
 3 

services, over mobile devices and through other distribution channels. The Company operates a network of 4,505 ATMs as of December 31, 2022, and provides 24-hour, seven day a week telephone customer service. Mortgage banking services are provided through banking offices and loan production offices throughout the Company s domestic markets. Lending products may be originated through banking offices, indirect correspondents, brokers or other lending sources. The Company is also one of the largest providers of corporate and purchasing card services and corporate trust services in the United States. The Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, Elavon, Inc. Elavon ), provides domestic merchant processing services directly to merchants. Wholly-owned subsidiaries of Elavon provide similar merchant services in Canada and segments of Europe. The Company also provides corporate trust and fund administration services in Europe. These foreign operations are not significant to the Company. MUFG Union Bank Acquisition On December 1, 2022, the Company acquired MUB s core regional banking franchise from Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group, Inc. Pursuant to the terms of the Share Purchase Agreement, the Company acquired all the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of MUB for a purchase price consisting of 5.5 billion in cash and approximately 44 million shares of the Company s common stock. The Company also received additional MUB capital of 3.5 billion upon completion of the acquisition. The additional capital received is held at the MUB subsidiary and required to be repaid to Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group, Inc. on or prior to the fifth anniversary date of the completion of the purchase, in accordance with the terms of the Share Purchase Agreement. As such, it is recognized as debt at the parent company. The transaction excludes the purchase of substantially all of MUB s Global Corporate Investment Bank (other than certain deposits), certain middle and back-office functions, and other assets. MUB operates approximately 300 branches in California, Washington and Oregon. The Company s 2022 results reflect MUB s operations for the month of December 2022, and the Company s balance sheet as of December 31, 2022 includes MUB s balances acquired or assumed in the transaction, including 81.4 billion in total assets, 53.1 billion of loans and 82.0 billion of deposits. As of the date of acquisition, MUB is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company and an affiliate of USBNA, the Company s primary banking subsidiary. The Company expects to merge MUB into USBNA in connection with the conversion of MUB customers and systems to the USBNA platform over Memorial Day weekend in 2023. Business Segments The Company s major lines of business are Corporate and Commercial Banking, Consumer and Business Banking, Wealth Management and Investment Services, Payment Services, and Treasury and Corporate Support. These operating segments are components of the Company about which financial information is prepared and is evaluated regularly by management in deciding how to allocate resources and assess performance. Corporate and Commercial Banking Corporate and Commercial Banking offers lending, equipment finance and small-ticket leasing, depository services, treasury management, capital markets services, international trade services and other financial services to middle market, large corporate, commercial real estate, financial institution, non-profit and public sector clients. Corporate and Commercial Banking contributed 1.8 billion, or 31.6 percent, of the Company s net income in 2022, an increase of 277 million (17.7 percent) compared with 2021. Consumer and Business Banking Consumer and Business Banking comprises consumer banking, small business banking and consumer lending. Products and services are delivered through banking offices, telephone servicing and sales, on-line services, direct mail, ATM processing, mobile devices, distributed mortgage loan officers, and intermediary relationships including auto dealerships, mortgage banks, and strategic business partners. Consumer and Business Banking contributed 1.8 billion, or 31.0 percent, of the Company s net income in 2022, a decrease of 551 million (23.4 percent) compared with 2021. Wealth Management and Investment Services Wealth Management and Investment Services provides private banking, financial advisory services, investment management, retail brokerage services, insurance, trust, 
 4 

custody and fund servicing through four businesses: Wealth Management, Global Corporate Trust Custody, U.S. Bancorp Asset Management, and Fund Services. Wealth Management and Investment Services contributed 1.3 billion, or 22.6 percent, of the Company s net income in 2022, an increase of 471 million (55.9 percent) compared with 2021. Payment Services Payment Services includes consumer and business credit cards, stored-value cards, debit cards, corporate, government and purchasing card services and merchant processing. Payment Services contributed 1.3 billion, or 22.7 percent, of the Company s net income in 2022, a decrease of 380 million (22.3 percent) compared with 2021. Treasury and Corporate Support Treasury and Corporate Support includes the Company s investment portfolios, funding, capital management, interest rate risk management, income taxes not allocated to the business lines, including most investments in tax-advantaged projects, and the residual aggregate of those expenses associated with corporate activities that are managed on a consolidated basis. Treasury and Corporate Support recorded a net loss of 459 million, or (7.9) percent, of the Company s net income in 2022, a decrease of 2.0 billion compared with 2021. Additional information regarding the Company s business segments can be found on pages 56 to 59 of the Company s 2022 Annual Report under the heading Line of Business Financial Review, which is incorporated herein by reference. Human Capital The Company s success depends, in large part, on its ability to attract, develop and retain skilled employees. The Company recognizes that supporting, engaging and continuously upskilling its workforce is key to meeting evolving corporate and customer needs. To further those efforts, the Company is dedicated to fostering a diverse, equitable and inclusive work environment; providing pay that is competitive and fair, as well as other benefits and programs that promote wellness; and supporting employees professional development through programs that promote engagement, learning and productivity. As of December 31, 2022, the Company employed a total of 78,192 employees globally, including employees from the acquisition of MUB on December 1, 2022. Diversity, Equity and Inclusion The Company continues to expand its talent pipeline to increase the representation of women at leadership levels and people of color at all levels, including at the executive and senior management level. The Company s hiring program includes the inclusion of at least one woman or one person of color on interview slates for all roles at the Company. In addition, the Company s High Impact Development Program focuses on growing its leadership pipeline of women and people of color. This program creates increased visibility and connections with executive leadership, meaningful learning and development opportunities, robust action plans and cohort networking/peer support. The Company also provides inclusive leadership learning journeys designed to coach and develop its leaders in driving employee and team performance through inclusive behaviors and best practices. To help create and sustain an inclusive workforce, the Company sponsors Business Resource Groups BRGs ), including Asian heritage, Black heritage, Nosotros Latinos, Indigenous Peoples, U.S. Bank women, Spectrum LGBTQ, Proud to Serve: Military and Veterans, European Inclusion, and Disability employee groups, with chapters across the Company. These BRGs enable employees from a wide variety of backgrounds, identities and perspectives to connect in ways that empower them to contribute, innovate and grow. Through these BRGs, employees can come together to discuss topics of interest to them, develop professional skills and build overall employee engagement, helping to create and sustain an inclusive workforce that drives business growth and propels accountability for diversity and inclusion within the Company. These programs, practices and policies are part of the Company s strategy to have an ethnically and gender diverse employee base. As of December 31, 2022, of the Company s employees in the United States, 
 5 

58 percent were women and 36 percent were people of color. As of December 31, 2022, 33 percent of the Company s employees at the executive and senior management level in the United States were women and 18 percent were people of color. In addition, as of December 31, 2022, of the Company s 13 directors, 6 were women and 4 were people of color. The diversity percentages noted above do not include employees from the MUB acquisition who joined the Company on December 1, 2022, as the data regarding MUB employees is being verified as part of the acquisition integration process. All diversity information is based on information self-disclosed by the employee or director to the Company. To provide transparency on progress relating to its commitment to seek and promote diverse talent, the Company publicly discloses consolidated EEO-1 data. The Company s 2022 EEO-1 data will include the validated MUB data when released. Equitable and Competitive Compensation, Health Wellness Programs Maintaining competitive compensation and benefits practices is a continued focus for the Company, with periodic peer and benchmarking reviews used to assist with competitive alignment and employee retention. In 2022, the Company made material compensation investments in its workforce, including increasing the minimum base hourly wage from 15 to 20 per hour for U.S. employees and implementing targeted off-cycle compensation increases to certain employee groups globally to improve competitive compensation and address escalating inflationary pressures. More than 50 of the Company s employees were positively impacted by these actions in 2022. The Company remains committed to fair pay and continues to prioritize pay equity efforts. To further the Company s efforts to provide fair and equitable compensation to its diverse employees, the Company has processes to address any gender and racial pay inequities identified within its workforce. This work starts with fair hiring practices. The Company also has guidelines in place for both internal and external job postings to assist the Company s leaders in making fair compensation decisions based on the demands and responsibilities of each role, candidate experience, and pay related to comparable internal positions. The Company conducts periodic reviews of base pay of employee groups across gender and racial categories with the assistance of an independent third-party consultant. Should gender or race-based disparities in pay be identified, the Company adjusts compensation levels to eliminate those disparities. In the 2022 review, on average, employees of the Company in the United States who are women were paid greater than 99 percent of what their male counterparts were paid, and employees of the Company in the United States who are people of color were paid greater than 99 percent of what their white counterparts were paid, taking into account several factors including comparable jobs, experience and location. The 2022 review did not include employees from the MUB acquisition who joined the Company on December 1, 2022. The Company also provides its employees with comprehensive benefits programs, including competitive healthcare, retirement, leave, recognition, wellness, disability, life insurance, time-off, flexible work, and educational assistance programs, based on the Company s recognition that such benefits are important to attract and retain employees. In 2022 the Company enhanced the parental leave, fertility, and part-time employee benefits to further support its employee base. In addition to its competitive 401(k) matching program, the Company maintains an active cash balance pension program for its U.S. employees, including newly hired employees. The Company continues to support flexible work programs with remote, hybrid and in-person work arrangements, providing additional optionality and flexibility for most employees, which helps the Company attract and retain talent. The Company continues to adapt and evolve its flexible work programs as it recognizes the changes to employee and customer priorities as a result of the pandemic and its customers changing needs. Employee Engagement and Retention As part of its efforts to develop and retain skilled employees, the Company remains focused on monitoring employee engagement. The Company s employee listening program allows the Company to collect quantitative and qualitative feedback from employees on an ongoing basis, which then supports and informs the Company on human capital strategies and decisions that impact its employee base. As part of its talent strategy, the Company strives to support continuous employee learning and development. The Company provides a number of talent development offerings for employees to improve skills that are critical in the current and future working environment and empowers employees to discover ways to 
 6 

thrive and grow their careers, which aligns with the Company s Employment Value Proposition. For example, the Company s learning programs include the Digital Academy and the People Leader Center, which focus on digital skill development and core leadership skill development, respectively. The Company also introduced enhanced cultural sensitivity and customer interaction training in 2022 for its frontline employees that focuses on building skills to serve all our customers with excellence. In addition, every employee is automatically included in the Company s Development Network that provides all employees with opportunities to network, learn, develop leadership skills and contribute to the Company and its communities. Succession planning and talent development processes remain a top priority for the Company along with continuous improvements to its training and development programs. During 2022, employees completed over 1.4 million hours of training through the Company s enterprise learning programs to better support its professional development, and customer and business needs. Human Capital Governance The Company s Board of Directors oversees the Company s human capital management. The Board s Compensation and Human Resources Committee discharges the Board s oversight responsibilities relating to the Company s compensation programs and employee benefit plans, overseeing the Company s human capital strategy and talent management program and employee diversity, equity and inclusion initiatives. The Board s Public Responsibility Committee also oversees the Company s diversity, equity and inclusion strategy. The Company s Chief Human Resources Officer regularly reports to the Board s Compensation and Human Resources Committee on human capital matters such as human resource practices and programs, including employee benefits and compensation programs. To promote accountability for the Company s diversity, equity and inclusion efforts, the Company s Chief Executive Officer chairs the Company s Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Committee, with the Company s Chief Diversity Officer reporting directly to the Chief Executive Officer and serving as a member of its senior management team. Competition The financial services industry is highly competitive. The Company competes with other commercial banks, savings and loan associations, mutual savings banks, finance companies, mortgage banking companies, credit unions, investment companies, credit card companies and a variety of other financial services, advisory and technology companies. The financial services industry continues to undergo rapid technological change with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services, including innovative ways that customers can make payments or manage their accounts, such as through the use of mobile payments, digital wallets or digital currencies. In recent years, competition has increased from institutions not subject to the same regulatory restrictions as domestic banks and bank holding companies, including by financial technology companies, or fintechs, which may offer bank-like products or services that compete directly with the Company s products and services. Competition is based on a number of factors, including, among others, customer service, quality and range of products and services offered, price, reputation, interest rates on loans and deposits, lending limits and customer convenience, including the ability to address customer needs by using technology to provide products and services that customers want to adopt. The Company s ability to continue to compete effectively also depends in large part on its ability to attract new employees and retain and motivate existing employees, while managing compensation and other costs. For additional information relating to how the Company attracts and retains employees, see Human Capital above. Information Security Information security, including cybersecurity, is a high priority for the Company. Recent highly publicized events have highlighted the importance of cybersecurity, including cyberattacks against financial institutions, governmental agencies and other organizations that resulted in the compromise of personal and/or confidential information, the theft or destruction of corporate information, and demands for ransom payments to release corporate information encrypted by so-called ransomware. A successful cyberattack, including an attack at a third-party vendor the Company utilizes, could harm the Company s reputation and/or impair its ability to provide services to its customers. The Company has expended, and may in the future expend, significant 
 7 

resources to implement technologies and various response and recovery plans and procedures as part of its information security program. For additional information on cybersecurity risks the Company faces, refer to the section entitled Risk Factors on pages 140 to 155 of the 2022 Annual Report. Government Policies The operations of the Company s various businesses are affected by federal and state laws and legislative changes and by policies of various regulatory authorities of the numerous states in which they operate, the United States and foreign governments. These laws, rules and policies include, for example, statutory maximum legal lending rates, domestic monetary policies of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve ), United States fiscal policy, international currency regulations and monetary policies and capital adequacy and liquidity constraints imposed by bank regulatory agencies. Supervision and Regulation U.S. Bancorp and its subsidiaries are subject to the extensive regulatory framework applicable to bank holding companies BHCs and their subsidiaries. This regulatory framework is intended primarily for the protection of depositors, the deposit insurance fund (the DIF of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the FDIC ), consumers, the stability of the financial system in the United States, and the health of the national economy, and not for investors in the Company. This section summarizes certain provisions of the principal laws and regulations applicable to the Company and its subsidiaries. The descriptions are not intended to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of the statutes and regulations described below. General As a BHC, the Company is subject to regulation under the BHC Act and to inspection, examination and supervision by the Federal Reserve. USBNA, MUB and their respective subsidiaries are subject to regulation, examination and supervision primarily by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (the OCC and also by the FDIC, the Federal Reserve, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (the CFPB ), the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and the Commodities Futures Trading Commission (the CFTC in certain areas. Supervision and regulation by the responsible regulatory agencies generally include comprehensive annual reviews of all major aspects of the Company s, USBNA s and MUB s business and condition, regular on-site examinations, and imposition of periodic reporting requirements and limitations on investments and certain types of activities. If the applicable regulatory agencies deem the Company to be operating in a manner that is inconsistent with safe and sound banking practices, the agencies can require the entry into informal or formal supervisory agreements, including board resolutions, memoranda of understanding, written agreements and consent or cease and desist orders, pursuant to which the Company would be required to take identified corrective actions to address cited concerns and to refrain from taking certain actions. Supervision and examinations are confidential, and the outcomes of these actions generally are not made public. Banking and other financial services statutes, regulations and policies are continually under review by the United States Congress, state legislatures and federal and state regulatory agencies. In addition to laws and regulations, state and federal bank regulatory agencies may issue policy statements, interpretive letters and similar written guidance applicable to the Company and its subsidiaries. Any change in the statutes, regulations or regulatory policies applicable to the Company, including changes in their interpretation or implementation, could have a material effect on its business or organization. As a BHC with over 100 billion in total consolidated assets, the Company is subject to the Dodd-Frank Act s enhanced prudential standards, as applied to Category III institutions under the federal banking regulators rules that tailor how enhanced prudential standards apply to large U.S. banking organizations (the Tailoring Rules ). The Tailoring Rules also apply certain enhanced prudential standards to our subsidiary depository institutions, USBNA and MUB, as described in more detail below. 
 8 

In connection with the Company s acquisition of MUB, the Company committed (the Federal Reserve Commitments to submit to the Federal Reserve quarterly implementation plans for complying with requirements applicable to Category II institutions i.e. , institutions with 700 billion or more in total assets or 75 billion or more in cross-jurisdictional activities). The Company also committed to meet requirements applicable to Category II institutions by the earlier of (i) the date required under the Tailoring Rules; and (ii) December 31, 2024, if the Federal Reserve notifies the Company by January 1, 2024, that the Company must comply with such rules. As a Category III institution, the Company must conduct a company-run stress test every two years, and the Company is subject to reduced Liquidity Coverage Ratio LCR and Net Stable Funding Ratio NSFR requirements that are calibrated at 85 percent of the full requirements. Refer to Stress Testing and Basel III Liquidity Requirements below. If the Company becomes subject to requirements applicable to Category II institutions, in addition to the items discussed below, the Company will be required to conduct company-run stress tests on an annual basis and will become subject to the full LCR and NSFR requirements. In addition, as a Category II institution, the Company would be an advanced approaches banking organization under the Federal Reserve s current capital rules, which would, among other things, introduce significant additional complexity in the methodologies used to calculate the Company s risk-weighted assets for purposes of determining the Company s regulatory capital ratios. Supervisory Ratings Federal banking regulators regularly examine the Company and its insured depository institution subsidiaries, USBNA and MUB. Following those exams, the Company (under the Federal Reserve s Large Financial Institution Rating System) and USBNA and MUB (under the CAMELS rating system) are assigned supervisory ratings. Disclosure of these ratings to third parties is not allowed without permission of the issuing regulator. A downgrade in these ratings could limit the Company s ability to pursue acquisitions or conduct other expansionary activities for a period of time, require new or additional regulatory approvals before engaging in certain other business activities or investments, affect USBNA s or MUB s deposit insurance assessment rates, and impose additional recordkeeping and corporate governance requirements, as well as generally increase regulatory scrutiny of the Company. BHC Activities The Company is a BHC under the BHC Act and has elected to be a financial holding company FHC ). BHCs that qualify and elect to be treated as FHCs may engage in, and affiliate with financial companies engaging in, a broader range of activities than would otherwise be permitted for a BHC. If an FHC or a depository institution controlled by an FHC ceases to be well-capitalized or well-managed, the Federal Reserve may impose corrective capital and managerial requirements on the FHC and may place limitations on its ability to conduct all of the business activities that FHCs are generally permitted to conduct and its ability to make certain acquisitions. See Permissible Business Activities below. Disclosure of any failure to meet these standards is not allowed without permission of the Federal Reserve. If the failure to meet these standards persists, the FHC may be required to divest its depository institution subsidiaries or cease all activities other than those activities that may be conducted by BHCs that are not FHCs. In addition, if a depository institution controlled by an FHC does not receive a Community Reinvestment Act CRA rating of at least satisfactory at its most recent examination, the Federal Reserve will prohibit the FHC from conducting new business activities that FHCs are generally permitted to conduct and from making certain acquisitions. The Federal Reserve also requires BHCs to meet certain applicable capital and management standards. Failure by the Company to meet these standards could limit the Company from engaging in any new activity or acquiring other companies without the prior approval of the Federal Reserve. Permissible Business Activities As an FHC, the Company may affiliate with securities firms and insurance companies and engage in other activities that are financial in nature or incidental or complementary to activities that are financial in nature. Financial in nature activities include securities underwriting, dealing and market making; sponsoring mutual funds and investment companies; insurance underwriting and agency; merchant banking; and activities that the Federal Reserve, in consultation with the Secretary of the United States Treasury, determines to be financial in nature or incidental to such financial activity. Complementary activities are 
 9 

activities that the Federal Reserve determines upon application to be complementary to a financial activity and that do not pose a safety and soundness risk. The Company generally is not required to obtain Federal Reserve approval to acquire a company engaged in activities that are financial in nature or incidental to activities that are financial in nature, as long as the Company meets the capital, managerial and CRA requirements to qualify as an FHC. However, the Company is required to receive approval for an acquisition in which the total consolidated assets to be acquired exceed 10 billion. FHCs are also required to obtain the approval of the Federal Reserve before they may acquire more than five percent of the voting shares or substantially all of the assets of an unaffiliated BHC, bank or savings association. In addition, banks must receive approval before they may acquire, merge with, acquire substantially all of the assets of or assume any deposits of a bank or savings association and may be required to receive approval for acquisitions of other companies. Interstate Banking A BHC may acquire banks in states other than its home state, subject to any state requirement that the bank has been organized and operating for a minimum period of time (not to exceed five years). Also, such an acquisition is not permitted if the BHC controls, prior to or following the proposed acquisition, more than 10 percent of the total amount of deposits of insured depository institutions nationwide, or, if the acquisition is the BHC s initial entry into the state, more than 30 percent of the deposits of insured depository institutions in the state (or any lesser or greater amount set by the state). Banks may merge across state lines to create interstate branches and are permitted to establish new branches in another state to the same extent as banks chartered by that state. Regulatory Approval for Acquisitions In determining whether to approve a proposed bank acquisition, federal bank regulators will consider a number of factors, including the effect of the acquisition on competition, financial condition and future prospects (including current and projected capital ratios and levels); the competence, experience and integrity of management and its record of compliance with laws and regulations; the convenience and needs of the communities to be served (including the acquiring institution s record of compliance under the CRA); the effectiveness of the acquiring institution in combating money laundering activities; and the extent to which the transaction would result in greater or more concentrated risks to the stability of the United States banking or financial system. In addition, approval of interstate transactions requires that the acquiror satisfy regulatory standards for well-capitalized and well-managed institutions. In July 2021, the current United States presidential administration issued an executive order on competition, which included provisions relating to bank mergers. These provisions encourage the Department of Justice and the federal banking regulators to update guidelines on banking mergers and to provide more scrutiny of bank mergers. The Company is unable to predict what impact the executive order or any guidelines that the Department of Justice and federal banking regulators adopt will have on the timing of or ability to obtain regulatory approvals of future mergers. Source of Strength The Company is required to act as a source of strength to USBNA and MUB, and to commit capital and financial resources to support these subsidiaries in circumstances where it might not otherwise do so. Under these requirements, the Federal Reserve may in the future require the Company to provide financial assistance to USBNA or MUB, should either experience financial distress. Capital loans by the Company to USBNA or MUB would be subordinate in right of payment to deposits and certain other debts of USBNA or MUB, as applicable. Cross Guaranty Provisions The cross guaranty provisions in the Federal Deposit Insurance Act require each insured depository institution owned by the same BHC to be financially responsible for the failure or resolution costs of any affiliated insured institution. Generally, the amount of the cross guaranty liability is equal to the estimated loss to the DIF for the resolution of the affiliated institution(s) in default. The FDIC s claim under the cross guaranty provision is superior to claims of shareholders of the insured depository institution or its BHC and to most claims arising out of obligations or liabilities owed to affiliates of the institution, but is subordinate to 
 10 

claims of depositors, secured creditors and holders of subordinated debt (other than affiliates) of the commonly controlled insured depository institution. The FDIC may decline to enforce the cross guaranty provision if it determines that a waiver is in the best interest of the DIF. OCC Heightened Standards USBNA and MUB are each subject to the OCC s guidelines establishing heightened standards for large national banks, which establish minimum standards for the design and implementation of a risk governance framework for banks. The OCC may take action against institutions that fail to meet these standards. Enhanced Prudential Standards Under the Dodd-Frank Act, as modified by the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief and Consumer Protection Act and the Tailoring Rules, large bank holding companies, such as the Company, are subject to certain enhanced prudential standards based on the banking organization s size and certain risk-based indicators. The prudential standards include enhanced risk-based capital and leverage requirements, enhanced liquidity requirements, enhanced risk management and risk committee requirements, a requirement to submit a resolution plan, single-counterparty credit limits and stress tests. Certain of the enhanced prudential standards applicable to the Company are described below in further detail. Dividend Restrictions The Company is a legal entity separate and distinct from its subsidiaries. Typically, the majority of the Company s operating funds are received in the form of dividends paid to the Company by USBNA and MUB. Federal law imposes limitations on the payment of dividends by national banks. In general, dividends payable by USBNA, MUB and the Company s trust bank subsidiaries, as national banking associations, are limited by rules that compare dividends to net income for periods defined by regulation. The OCC, the Federal Reserve and the FDIC also have authority to prohibit or limit the payment of dividends by the banking organizations they supervise (including the Company, USBNA and MUB) if, in the banking regulator s opinion, payment of a dividend would constitute an unsafe or unsound practice in light of the financial condition of the banking organization. In addition, the Federal Reserve s final rule implementing the stress capital buffer SCB provides that a BHC must receive prior approval for any dividend, stock repurchase or other capital distribution, other than a capital distribution on a newly issued capital instrument, if the BHC is required to resubmit its capital plan. The rule also provides that a BHC must resubmit its capital plan if, among other things, the BHC determines there has been or will be a material change in the BHC s risk profile, financial condition, or corporate structure since the BHC last submitted its capital plan. Capital Requirements The Company is subject to certain regulatory risk-based capital and leverage requirements under capital rules adopted by the Federal Reserve, and USBNA and MUB are each subject to substantially similar rules adopted by the OCC. These rules implement the Basel Committee s framework for strengthening the regulation, supervision and risk management of banks Basel III ), as well as certain provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act. These quantitative calculations are minimums, and the Federal Reserve and OCC may determine that a banking organization, based on its size, complexity or risk profile, must maintain a higher level of capital in order to operate in a safe and sound manner. Under the Tailoring Rules, the Company, USBNA and MUB are each currently subject to Category III standards, and are standardized approach banking organizations that are subject to rules that provide for simplified capital requirements relating to the threshold deductions for mortgage servicing assets, deferred tax assets arising from temporary differences that a banking organization could not realize through net operating loss carry backs, and investments in the capital of unconsolidated financial institutions, as well as the inclusion of minority interests in regulatory capital. Growth in total consolidated assets (including assets obtained in acquisitions) or cross-jurisdictional activity (as defined in the Tailoring Rules) or action by the Federal Reserve in connection with the Federal Reserve Commitments could affect the Company s continued classification as a Category III institution, which could result in the Company and its insured depository institution subsidiaries becoming advanced approaches banking organizations, a requirement to recognize elements of accumulated other comprehensive income in regulatory capital, as well as other more stringent capital, liquidity, and other regulatory requirements. 
 11 

Under the United States Basel III-based capital rules, the Company is subject to a minimum common equity tier 1 CET1 capital ratio (CET1 capital to risk-weighted assets) of 4.5 percent, a minimum tier 1 capital ratio of 6.0 percent and a minimum total capital ratio of 8.0 percent. The Company is also subject to the SCB, which is based on the results of the Federal Reserve s supervisory stress tests and the Company s planned common stock dividends, and, if deployed by the Federal Reserve, up to a 2.5 percent common equity tier 1 countercyclical capital buffer. These additional requirements must be satisfied entirely with capital that qualifies as CET1. Although the Federal Reserve has not to date raised the countercyclical capital buffer above zero percent, the countercyclical capital buffer could change in the future. The SCB generally is assigned on an annual basis and becomes effective on October 1 of each year, subject to a 2.5 percent floor, and may vary over time. As of December 31, 2022, the SCB applicable to the Company is 2.5 percent. If the Federal Reserve were to raise the countercyclical capital buffer, or if the SCB applicable to the Company were to exceed 2.5 percent, this would also change the effective minimum capital ratios to which the Company is subject. For USBNA, the buffer requirement consists of the static capital conservation buffer equal to 2.5 of risk-weighted assets. Banking organizations that fail to meet the effective minimum ratios will be subject to constraints on capital distributions, including dividends and share repurchases, and certain discretionary executive compensation, with the severity of the constraints depending on the extent of the shortfall and eligible retained income (defined as the greater of (i) net income for the four preceding quarters, net of distributions and associated tax effects not reflected in net income; and (ii) the average of all net income over the preceding four quarters). United States banking organizations are also subject to a minimum tier 1 leverage ratio of 4.0 percent. As a Category III banking organization, the Company is also subject to a minimum Supplementary Leverage Ratio SLR of 3.0 percent that takes into account both on-balance sheet and certain off-balance sheet exposures. At December 31, 2022, the Company exceeded the applicable minimum tier 1 leverage ratio and SLR requirements. In December 2017, the Basel Committee finalized a package of revisions to the Basel III framework. The changes are meant to improve the calculation of risk-weighted assets (including by recalibrating risk weights and introducing new capital requirements for certain unconditionally cancellable commitments, including unused lines of credit) and improve the comparability of capital ratios by (i) enhancing the robustness and risk sensitivity of the standardized approaches for credit risk, credit valuation adjustment CVA risk and operational risk; (ii) constraining the use of the internal model approaches, by placing limits on certain inputs used to calculate capital requirements under the internal ratings-based IRB approach for credit risk and by removing the use of the internal model approaches for CVA risk and for operational risk; (iii) introducing a leverage ratio buffer to further limit the leverage of global systemically important banks; and (iv) replacing the existing Basel II output floor with a more robust risk-sensitive floor based on the Committee s revised Basel III standardized approaches. In addition, in January 2019, the Basel Committee published a revised market risk framework that, among other things, revises the standardized approach for market risk. The Basel framework contemplated that these standards generally would be effective on January 1, 2023, with an aggregate output floor phasing in through January 1, 2028. The federal bank regulators have not yet proposed rules implementing these standards, and accordingly, the standards are not yet in effect for United States banking organizations. The effects of these revisions on the Company and USBNA will depend on the manner in which they are implemented by the United States federal banking agencies. In 2020, the United States federal banking agencies adopted a rule that allowed banking organizations, including the Company and USBNA, to elect to delay temporarily the estimated effects of adopting the current expected credit loss accounting standard CECL on regulatory capital until January 2022 and subsequently to phase in the effects through January 2025. Through the 2022 stress test cycle, the Federal Reserve has not yet incorporated CECL into the calculation of the allowance for credit losses in supervisory stress tests. For further discussion of CECL, see Notes 1 and 6 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in the 2022 Annual Report. The Company and USBNA elected to delay and subsequently phase in the regulatory capital impact of CECL in accordance with this rule. For additional information regarding the Company s regulatory capital, see Capital Management in the 2022 Annual Report. 
 12 

Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review As required by the Federal Reserve s Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review CCAR rules, the Company submits a capital plan to the Federal Reserve on an annual basis. As part of the CCAR process, the Federal Reserve evaluates the Company s plans to make capital distributions, including by repurchasing stock or making dividend payments, under a number of macroeconomic and Company-specific assumptions based on the Company s and the Federal Reserve s stress tests described under Stress Testing below. These capital plans consist of a number of mandatory elements, including an assessment of a company s sources and uses of capital over a nine-quarter planning horizon assuming both expected and stressful conditions; a detailed description of a company s process for assessing capital adequacy; and a demonstration of a company s ability to maintain capital above each minimum regulatory capital ratio (without taking the buffers into account) under expected and stressful conditions. Stress Testing The Federal Reserve s CCAR framework and the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing framework require BHCs subject to Category III standards such as the Company to conduct an annual internal stress test in connection with its annual capital plan submission as well as biennial company-run stress tests, and subject such BHCs to annual supervisory stress tests conducted by the Federal Reserve. Among other things, the company-run stress tests employ stress scenarios developed by the Company as well as stress scenarios provided by the Federal Reserve and incorporate the Dodd-Frank Act capital actions (as opposed to the Company s planned capital actions), which are intended to normalize capital distributions across large United States bank holding companies. The Federal Reserve conducts CCAR and Dodd-Frank Act supervisory stress tests employing stress scenarios and internal supervisory models and incorporates the Company s planned capital actions and the Dodd-Frank Act capital actions, respectively, into its stress tests. The Federal Reserve and the Company are currently required to publish the results of the annual supervisory and biennial company-run stress tests, respectively, no later than June 30 of each applicable year. If the Company were to become a Category II institution for purposes of the Tailoring Rules, whether as a result of growth in total consolidated assets (including assets obtained in acquisitions) or cross-jurisdictional activity (as defined in the Tailoring Rules) or action by the Federal Reserve in connection with the Federal Reserve Commitments, the Company would become subject to annual (rather than biennial) company-run stress tests. Under the OCC s rules, national banks with assets in excess of 250 billion, including USBNA, are required to submit company-run stress test results to the OCC concurrently with their parent BHC s CCAR submission to the Federal Reserve. The stress test is based on the OCC s stress scenarios (which are typically the same as the Federal Reserve s stress scenarios) and capital actions that are appropriate for the economic conditions assumed in each scenario. Basel III Liquidity Requirements As a Category III banking organization, the Company, USBNA and MUB are each subject to a minimum LCR under the Tailoring Rules. The LCR is designed to ensure that BHCs have sufficient high-quality liquid assets to survive a significant liquidity stress event lasting for 30 calendar days. In addition, the Company, USBNA and MUB are subject to the NSFR rule, which is designed to promote stable, longer-term funding of assets and business activities over a one-year time horizon. Under the Tailoring Rules and NSFR rule, the Company, USBNA and MUB as Category III banking organizations with less than 75 billion of weighted short-term wholesale funding, qualify for reduced LCR and NSFR requirements calibrated at 85 percent of the full requirements. If the Company were to become a Category II institution for purposes of the Tailoring Rules, whether as a result of growth in total consolidated assets (including assets obtained in acquisitions) or cross-jurisdictional activity (as defined in the Tailoring Rules) or action by the Federal Reserve in connection with the Federal Reserve Commitments, the Company would become subject to the full (100 percent) LCR and NSFR requirements, as well as daily (rather than monthly) liquidity reporting requirements. Prompt Corrective Action The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act FDICIA provides a framework for regulation of depository institutions and their affiliates (including parent holding companies) by federal banking regulators. As part of that framework, the FDICIA requires the relevant federal banking regulator to take prompt corrective action with respect to an FDIC-insured depository institution, such as USBNA or MUB, if that institution does not meet certain capital adequacy standards. Supervisory actions by 
 13 

the appropriate federal banking regulator under the prompt corrective action rules generally depend upon an institution s classification within five capital categories. An institution that fails to remain well-capitalized becomes subject to a series of restrictions that increase in severity as its capital condition weakens. Such restrictions may include a prohibition on capital distributions, restrictions on asset growth or restrictions on the ability to receive regulatory approval of applications. The FDICIA also provides for enhanced supervisory authority over undercapitalized institutions, including authority for the appointment of a conservator or receiver for the institution. Prompt corrective action regulations apply only to banks and not to BHCs such as the Company. However, the Federal Reserve is authorized to take appropriate action at the BHC level, based on the undercapitalized status of the BHC s subsidiary banking institutions. In certain instances, relating to an undercapitalized bank, the BHC would be required to guarantee the performance of the undercapitalized subsidiary s capital restoration plan and could be liable for civil money damages for failure to fulfill those guarantee commitments. Deposit Insurance The DIF provides insurance coverage for certain deposits, up to a standard maximum deposit insurance amount of 250,000 per depositor. Deposits at USBNA and MUB are insured up to the applicable limits. The DIF is funded through assessments on insured depository institutions, including USBNA and MUB, based on the risk each institution poses to the DIF. The FDIC may increase USBNA s or MUB s insurance premiums based on various factors, including the FDIC s assessment of its risk profile. In addition, large insured depository institutions, including USBNA, are subject to enhanced deposit account recordkeeping and related information technology system requirements meant to facilitate prompt payment of insured deposits if such an institution were to fail. In October 2022, the FDIC finalized a rule to increase the initial base deposit insurance assessment rate schedules for all insured depository institutions by two basis points, beginning with the first quarterly assessment period of 2023. The increased assessment rate is intended to improve the likelihood that the DIF reserve ratio would reach the required minimum of 1.35 percent by the statutory deadline of September 30, 2028. Depositor Preference Under federal law, in the event of the liquidation or other resolution of an insured depository institution, the claims of a receiver of the institution for administrative expense and the claims of holders of domestic deposit liabilities have priority over the claims of other unsecured creditors of the institution, including holders of publicly issued senior or subordinated debt and depositors in non-domestic offices. As a result, those debtholders and depositors would be treated differently from, and could receive, if anything, substantially less than, the depositors in domestic offices of the depository institution. Orderly Liquidation Authority Upon the insolvency of a BHC, such as the Company, the FDIC may be appointed as conservator or receiver of the BHC if the Secretary of the Treasury determines (upon the written recommendation of the FDIC and the Federal Reserve and after consultation with the President of the United States) that certain conditions set forth in the Dodd-Frank Act regarding the potential impact on financial stability of a financial company s failure have been met. FDIC rules set forth a comprehensive method for the receivership of a covered financial company. Acting as a conservator or receiver, the FDIC would have broad powers to transfer any assets or liabilities of a BHC without the approval of its creditors. Resolution Plans The Company is required by the Federal Reserve and the FDIC to submit a periodic plan for the rapid and orderly resolution of the Company and its significant legal entities in the event of future material financial distress or failure. If the Federal Reserve and the FDIC jointly determine that the resolution plan is not credible and such deficiencies are not cured in a timely manner, the regulators may jointly impose on the Company more stringent capital, leverage or liquidity requirements or restrictions on the Company s growth, activities or operations. If the Company were to fail to address the deficiencies in its resolution plan when required, it could eventually be required to divest certain assets or operations. As a Category III banking organization, the Company is required to submit resolution plans on a triennial cycle (alternating between 
 14 

targeted and full submissions). In December 2020, the Federal Reserve and the FDIC released targeted plan guidance and directed large foreign and domestic banks to file resolution plans including core elements of a firm s resolution strategy as well as how each firm has integrated changes to and lessons learned from its response to COVID-19 into its resolution planning process. The Company submitted its targeted resolution plan in December 2021 and is scheduled to file its next full resolution plan in July 2024. Under the Federal Reserve Commitments, the Company has committed to the Federal Reserve that it will, within six months of completing the acquisition of MUB, provide the Federal Reserve and the FDIC with an interim update to its resolution plan. In September 2022, the Federal Reserve and the FDIC announced the development of new resolution plan guidance for Category II and Category III banking organizations but that agencies will seek and consider public comment prior to finalizing the guidance. The Company expects to be subject to the final guidance. In addition, USBNA and MUB are required to file periodically separate resolution plans with the FDIC that should enable the FDIC, as receiver, to resolve each institution under applicable receivership provisions of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act in a manner that ensures that depositors receive access to their insured deposits within one business day of the institution s failure, maximizes the net present value return from the sale or disposition of its assets and minimizes the amount of any loss to the institution s creditors. In June 2021, the FDIC issued a Statement on Resolution Plans for Insured Depository Institutions (the FDIC Statement ). Among other things, the FDIC Statement established a three-year filing cycle for banks with 100 billion or more in total assets and provided details regarding the content that filers will be expected to prepare. Under this filing cycle, USBNA and MUB each submitted its most recent resolution plan to the FDIC in November 2022. In addition, in connection with the approval by the OCC of the merger of MUB into USBNA, USBNA committed (the OCC Commitments to the OCC that it would (i) develop a list of business lines and/or portfolios (each an object of sale that could be sold quickly in the event of stress; and (ii) prepare a plan, including a timeline, to effectuate such separability, including through the establishment of data rooms for each object of sale. Within six months of consummation of the merger of MUB into USBNA, USBNA must submit these items to the OCC for a written determination of no supervisory objection. Recovery Plans The OCC has established enforceable guidelines for recovery planning by insured national banks with average total consolidated assets of 250 billion or more, including USBNA. The guidelines provide that a covered bank should develop and maintain a recovery plan that is appropriate for its individual risk profile, size, activities, and complexity, including the complexity of its organizational and legal entity structure. The guidelines state that a recovery plan should, among other elements, (i) establish triggers, which are quantitative or qualitative indicators of the risk or existence of severe stress that should always be escalated to management or the board of directors, as appropriate, for purposes of initiating a response; (ii) identify a wide range of credible options that a covered bank could undertake to restore financial and operational strength and viability; and (iii) address escalation procedures, management reports, and communication procedures. USBNA s recovery plan was reviewed and approved pursuant to these guidelines in December 2022. Transactions with Affiliates There are various legal restrictions on the extent to which the Company and its non-bank subsidiaries may borrow or otherwise engage in certain types of transactions with USBNA, MUB or their respective subsidiaries. Under the Federal Reserve Act and the Federal Reserve s Regulation W, USBNA, MUB and their respective subsidiaries are subject to quantitative and qualitative limits on extensions of credit (including credit exposure arising from repurchase and reverse repurchase agreements, securities borrowing and derivative transactions), purchases of assets, and certain other transactions with the Company or its other non-bank subsidiaries and affiliates. Additionally, transactions between USBNA, MUB or their respective subsidiaries, on the one hand, and the Company or its other non-bank subsidiaries and affiliates, on the other hand, are required to be on arm s length terms. Transactions between either USBNA or MUB and their affiliates must be consistent with standards of safety and soundness. Anti-Money Laundering and Sanctions The Company is subject to several federal laws that are designed to combat money laundering and terrorist financing, and to restrict transactions with persons, companies, or foreign governments sanctioned by United States authorities. This category of laws includes the Bank Secrecy Act (the 
 15 

BSA ), the Money Laundering Control Act, the USA PATRIOT Act (collectively, AML laws ), and implementing regulations for the International Emergency Economic Powers Act and the Trading with the Enemy Act, as administered by the United States Treasury Department s Office of Foreign Assets Control sanctions laws ). As implemented by federal banking and securities regulators and the Department of the Treasury, AML laws obligate depository institutions and broker-dealers to verify their customers identity, verify the identity of beneficial owners of legal entity customers, conduct customer due diligence, report on suspicious activity, file reports of certain transactions in currency, and conduct enhanced due diligence on certain accounts. Sanctions laws prohibit United States persons and certain foreign affiliates from engaging in any transaction with a restricted person or restricted country. Depository institutions and broker-dealers are required by their respective federal regulators to maintain policies and procedures in order to ensure compliance with the above obligations. Federal regulators regularly examine BSA/Anti-Money Laundering AML and sanctions compliance programs to ensure their adequacy and effectiveness, and the frequency and extent of such examinations and related remedial actions have been increasing. In January 2021, the Anti-Money Laundering Act of 2020 AMLA ), which amends the BSA, was enacted. Among other things, the AMLA codified a risk-based approach to anti-money laundering compliance for financial institutions; required the development of standards by the U.S. Department of the Treasury for evaluating technology and internal processes for BSA compliance; and expanded enforcement- and investigation-related authority, including a significant expansion in the available sanctions for certain BSA violations. Many of the statutory provisions in the AMLA will require additional rulemakings, reports and other measures, and the impact of the AMLA will depend on, among other things, rulemaking and implementation guidance. In June 2021, the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, a bureau of the U.S. Department of the Treasury, issued the priorities for anti-money laundering and countering the financing of terrorism policy required under the AMLA. The priorities include corruption, cybercrime, terrorist financing, fraud, transnational crime, drug trafficking, human trafficking and proliferation financing. Community Reinvestment Act USBNA and MUB are subject to the provisions of the CRA. Under the terms of the CRA, banks have a continuing and affirmative obligation, consistent with safe and sound operation, to help meet the credit needs of their communities, including providing credit to individuals residing in low- and moderate-income neighborhoods. The OCC assesses USBNA and MUB on their record in meeting the credit needs of the community served by that institution, including low- and moderate-income neighborhoods. CRA assessments also are considered by the Federal Reserve or OCC when reviewing applications by banking institutions to acquire, merge or consolidate with another banking institution or its holding company, to establish a new branch office that will accept deposits, or to relocate an office. In the case of a BHC applying for approval to acquire a bank or other BHC, the Federal Reserve will assess the CRA records of each subsidiary depository institution of the applicant BHC, and those records may be the basis for denying the application. USBNA received an Outstanding CRA rating in its most recent examination, covering the period from January 1, 2016 through December 31, 2020. MUB received an Outstanding CRA rating in its most recent examination, covering the period from January 1, 2015 through December 31, 2018. In May 2022, the OCC, together with the Federal Reserve and FDIC, issued a joint notice of proposed rulemaking to modernize the CRA regulatory framework. The proposed rule is intended, among other things, to adapt to changes in the banking industry, including the expanded role of mobile and online banking, and to tailor performance standards to account for differences in bank size and business models. The proposed rule would adjust CRA evaluations based on bank size and type, with many of the proposed changes applying only to banks with over 2 billion in assets and several applying only to banks with over 10 billion in assets, such as USBNA and MUB. The effects of the proposed CRA rules on USBNA and MUB will depend on the final form of any rulemaking. Regulation of Brokerage, Investment Advisory and Insurance Activities The Company conducts a broad range of securities activities, both retail and institutional, in the United States through U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc., PFM Fund Distributors, Inc. and UnionBanc Investment Services LLC broker-dealer entities ). These 
 16 

activities are subject to regulations of the SEC, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority and other authorities, including state regulators. These regulations generally cover licensing of securities personnel, interactions with customers and counterparties, trading operations, customer suitability and communications. Securities regulators impose capital requirements on the Company s broker-dealer entities and periodically review their sales practice and financial operations. In addition, the Company s broker-dealer entities are members of the Securities Investor Protection Corporation, which oversees the liquidation of member broker-dealers that close when the broker-dealer is bankrupt or in financial trouble and imposes membership fee assessments and other reporting requirements on the broker-dealer entities. The operations of the First American family of funds, the Company s proprietary money market fund complex, also are subject to regulation by the SEC, including rules requiring a floating net asset value for institutional prime and tax-free money market funds and permitting the board of directors of the money market funds the ability to limit redemptions during periods of stress (allowing for the use of liquidity fees and redemption gates during such times). In December 2021, the SEC proposed amendments to the rules that govern money market funds. The proposed amendments, if implemented, may affect the operations of the funds, in particular, institutional prime and tax-exempt money market funds. The Company s operations in the areas of insurance brokerage and reinsurance of credit life insurance are subject to regulation and supervision by various state insurance regulatory authorities, including the licensing of insurance brokers and agents. Regulation of Derivatives and the Swaps Marketplace Under the Dodd-Frank Act, USBNA, as a CFTC provisionally-registered swap dealer, is subject to rules regarding the regulation of the swaps marketplace and over-the-counter derivatives, including rules that require swap dealers and major swap participants to register with the CFTC, to meet robust business conduct standards to lower risk and promote market integrity, to meet certain recordkeeping and reporting requirements so that regulators can better monitor the markets, to centrally clear and trade swaps on regulated exchanges or execution facilities, and to be subject to certain capital and margin requirements. In addition, the OCC s rules concerning swap margin and capital requirements for swap dealers regulated by the OCC mandate the exchange of initial and variation margin for non-cleared swaps and non-cleared security-based swaps between swap entities regulated by the five agencies and certain counterparties. The amount of margin will vary based on the relative risk of the non-cleared swap or non-cleared security-based swap. Other rules generally exempt inter-affiliate transactions from initial margin requirements to the extent a depository institution s total exposure to all affiliates is less than 15 percent of its tier 1 capital. The Volcker Rule Section 13 of the BHC Act and its implementing regulations, commonly referred to as the Volcker Rule, prohibit banking entities from engaging in proprietary trading, and prohibit certain interests in, or relationships with, hedge funds or private equity funds. The Volcker Rule applies to the Company, USBNA, MUB and their affiliates, and compliance requirements are tailored based on the size and scope of trading activities. The Company has a Volcker Rule compliance program in place that covers all of its subsidiaries and affiliates, including USBNA and MUB. Privacy and Data Protection Federal and state law contains extensive consumer privacy and data protection provisions. The Gramm Leach-Bliley Act GLBA requires financial institutions to periodically disclose their privacy policies and practices relating to sharing nonpublic personal information and enables retail customers to opt out of the sharing of such information with nonaffiliated third parties under certain circumstances. Other federal and state laws and regulations impact the Company s ability to share certain information with affiliates and non-affiliates for marketing and/or non-marketing purposes, or to contact customers with marketing offers. The GLBA also requires financial institutions to implement a comprehensive information security program. Security and privacy policies and procedures for the protection of personal and confidential information are in effect across all the Company s businesses and geographic locations. Data privacy and data protection are areas of increasing state legislative focus, and several U.S. states have recently enacted comprehensive consumer privacy laws that impose compliance obligations with respect to personal information. For example, the Company is subject to the California Consumer Protection Act of 2018 
 17 

and its implementing regulations (collectively, the CCPA ). The CCPA gives consumers several rights with respect to their personal information, including the right to (i) know the information that has been collected about them and whether that information has been sold or shared with others; (ii) request deletion of their personal information (subject to certain exceptions); (iii) opt out of the sale of their personal information; and (iv) not be discriminated against for exercising these rights. The CCPA contains several exemptions to the CCPA s requirements, including an exemption for personal information that is subject to the GLBA. The CCPA also provides residents of California (regardless of whether their information is covered under the GLBA exemption) with a limited private right of action, including the right to seek statutory damages, against businesses that fail to implement and maintain reasonable security procedures and practices and the failure results in the unauthorized access and exfiltration, theft, or disclosure of certain types of the California residents personal information. In November 2020, voters in the State of California approved the California Privacy Rights Act CPRA ), a ballot measure that amends and supplements the CCPA by, among other things, expanding certain rights relating to personal information and its use, collection, and disclosure by covered businesses. While the CPRA s substantive amendments to the CCPA took effect on January 1, 2023, the process of providing implementing regulations for those amendments is ongoing, with finalized regulations not expected until months after the amendments effective date. In addition, similar laws have been adopted by other states where the Company does business, including the Colorado Privacy Act, the Connecticut Act Concerning Personal Data Privacy and Online Monitoring of 2022, the Utah Consumer Privacy Act and the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act. Each of these state laws, however, includes an entity level exemption for financial institutions like the Company. The Company has made and will make operational adjustments in accordance with the requirements of applicable privacy and data protection laws. The United States Congress has also proposed legislation relating to data privacy and data protection, and the federal government may in the future pass such legislation. In addition, in the European Union EU ), privacy law is governed by the General Data Protection Regulation GDPR ), which is directly binding and applicable in each EU member state. The GDPR contains enhanced compliance obligations and increased penalties for non-compliance compared to the prior law governing data privacy in the EU and is regularly enforced by European regulators. Like other lenders, USBNA, MUB and other subsidiaries of the Company use consumer reports in their underwriting activities. Use of such information is regulated under the Fair Credit Reporting Act FCRA ), and the FCRA also regulates reporting information to consumer reporting agencies, prescreening individuals for credit offers, sharing of consumer reports between affiliates, and using affiliate credit data for marketing purposes. Similar state laws may impose additional requirements on the Company and its subsidiaries. The federal banking regulators, as well as the SEC, CFPB, CFTC, and related self-regulatory organizations, regularly issue guidance on cybersecurity that is intended to enhance cyber risk management among financial institutions. A financial institution s management is required to maintain sufficient business continuity planning processes to ensure the rapid recovery, resumption and maintenance of the institution s operations after a cybersecurity incident. A financial institution is also expected to develop appropriate processes to enable recovery of data and business operations if the institution or its critical service providers experience a cybersecurity incident. In November 2021, the United States federal bank regulatory agencies adopted a rule regarding notification requirements for banking organizations related to significant computer security incidents. Under the final rule, which was effective April 1, 2022, a BHC, such as the Company, and a national bank, such as USBNA or MUB, is required to notify the Federal Reserve or OCC, respectively, within 36 hours of a computer security incident that results in actual harm to the confidentiality, integrity or availability of an information system or the information that the system processes, stores or transmits, which has materially disrupted or degraded, or is reasonably likely to materially disrupt or degrade, the banking organization s ability to deliver services to a material portion of its customer base, jeopardize the viability of key operations of the banking organization, or impact the stability of the financial sector. Similarly, the Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions in Canada requires Federally Regulated Financial Institutions to report qualifying technology and cybersecurity incidents under the provisions of the August 13, 2021 Technology and Cyber Security Incident Reporting Advisory. 
 18 

Consumer Protection USBNA s and MUB s retail banking activities are subject to a variety of federal and state statutes and regulations designed to protect consumers. These laws and regulations require, among other things, disclosures of the cost of credit and terms of deposit accounts, provide substantive consumer rights, prohibit discrimination in credit transactions, regulate the use of credit report information, provide financial privacy protections, prohibit unfair, deceptive and abusive practices and subject USBNA and MUB to substantial regulatory oversight. Violations of applicable consumer protection laws can result in significant potential liability from litigation brought by customers, including actual damages, restitution and attorneys fees, and may also result in significant reputational harm. USBNA s and MUB s regulators may also seek to enforce consumer protection requirements and obtain these and other remedies, including regulatory sanctions and civil money penalties. USBNA, MUB and their respective subsidiaries are subject to supervision and regulation by the CFPB with respect to federal consumer laws. The CFPB has undertaken numerous rule-making and other initiatives, including launching an initiative to reduce the amounts and types of fees financial institutions may charge, including by recently proposing a rule that would significantly reduce the permissible amount of credit card late fees, issuing informal guidance and taking enforcement actions against certain financial institutions. The CFPB s rulemaking, examination and enforcement authority has affected and will continue to affect financial institutions that provide consumer financial products and services, including the Company, USBNA, MUB and the Company s other subsidiaries. These regulatory activities may limit the types of financial services and products the Company may offer, which in turn may reduce the Company s revenues. LIBOR Act In March 2022, the Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act (the LIBOR Act was enacted. The LIBOR Act provides a uniform approach for replacing LIBOR as a reference interest rate in certain LIBOR-linked contracts for a time when LIBOR is no longer published or is no longer representative. The LIBOR Act covers contracts that either do not include effective fallback provisions, for example, because they have no provisions for a replacement benchmark or provisions based on prior LIBOR values or dealer polls, or permit a party to select a replacement benchmark in its discretion. Under the LIBOR Act, references to the most common tenors of LIBOR in these contracts will be replaced as a matter of law, without the need to be amended by the parties, to instead reference a benchmark interest rate identified in Federal Reserve regulations that is based on the secured overnight funding rate SOFR ). In December 2022, the Federal Reserve issued final regulations to implement the LIBOR Act. The Federal Reserve s final rule identified benchmark replacements, based on SOFR, for various types of contracts subject to the LIBOR Act. The Company continues to evaluate the effect of the LIBOR Act and its implementing regulations on the Company s LIBOR-linked contracts. See the section entitled LIBOR Transition of the Company s 2022 Annual Report for additional information regarding the Company s efforts to transition away from LIBOR. Executive and Incentive Compensation Guidelines adopted by the federal banking agencies prohibit excessive compensation as an unsafe and unsound practice and describe compensation as excessive when the amounts paid are unreasonable or disproportionate to the services performed by an executive officer, employee, director or principal stockholder. The Federal Reserve has issued comprehensive guidance on incentive compensation policies (the Incentive Compensation Guidance intended to ensure that the incentive compensation policies of banking organizations do not undermine safety and soundness organizations by encouraging excessive risk-taking. The Incentive Compensation Guidance is based upon the key principles that a banking organization s incentive compensation arrangements should (i) provide incentives that do not encourage risk-taking beyond the organization s ability to effectively identify and manage risks; (ii) be compatible with effective internal controls and risk management; and (iii) be supported by strong corporate governance, including active and effective oversight by the organization s board of directors. The Incentive Compensation Guidance states that enforcement actions may be taken against a banking organization if its incentive compensation arrangements or related risk-management control or governance processes pose a risk to the organization s safety and soundness and the organization is not taking prompt and effective measures to correct the deficiencies. During 2016, the federal bank regulatory agencies and the SEC proposed revised rules on incentive-based payment arrangements at specified regulated entities having at least 1 billion of total assets. These proposed rules have not been finalized. 
 19 

In October 2022, the SEC adopted a final rule directing national securities exchanges and associations, including the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE ), to implement listing standards that require all listed companies to adopt policies mandating the recovery or clawback of excess incentive-based compensation earned by a current or former executive officer during the three fiscal years preceding a required accounting restatement, including to correct an error that would result in a material misstatement if the error were corrected in the current period. The excess compensation would be based on the amount the executive officer would have received had the incentive-based compensation been determined using the restated financial statements. The final rule requires the exchanges to propose conforming listing standards by February 26, 2023, and requires the standards to become effective no later than November 23, 2023. Each listed issuer, including the Company, would then be required to adopt a clawback policy within 60 days after its exchange s listing standard has become effective. Other Supervision and Regulation The Company is subject to the disclosure and regulatory requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), both as administered by the SEC, by virtue of the Company s status as a public company. As a listed company on the NYSE, the Company is subject to the rules of the NYSE for listed companies. Capital Covenants The Company has entered into several transactions involving the issuance of capital securities Capital Securities by certain Delaware statutory trusts formed by the Company (the Trusts ), the issuance by the Company of preferred stock Preferred Stock or the issuance by a subsidiary of USBNA of preferred stock exchangeable for the Company s Preferred Stock under certain circumstances Exchangeable Preferred Stock ). Simultaneously with the closing of certain of those transactions, the Company entered into a replacement capital covenant, as amended from time to time (as amended, each, a Replacement Capital Covenant and collectively, the Replacement Capital Covenants for the benefit of persons that buy, hold or sell a specified series of long-term indebtedness of the Company or USBNA (the Covered Debt ). Each of the Replacement Capital Covenants provides that neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries (including any of the Trusts) will repay, redeem or purchase any of the Preferred Stock, Exchangeable Preferred Stock or the Capital Securities and the securities held by the Trust (the Other Securities ), as applicable, on or before the date specified in the applicable Replacement Capital Covenant, unless the Company has received proceeds from the sale of qualifying securities that (a) have equity-like characteristics that are the same as, or more equity-like than, the applicable characteristics of the Preferred Stock, the Exchangeable Preferred Stock, the Capital Securities or Other Securities, as applicable, at the time of repayment, redemption or purchase, and (b) the Company has obtained the prior approval of the Federal Reserve, if such approval is then required by the Federal Reserve or, in the case of the Exchangeable Preferred Stock, the approval of the OCC. The Company will provide a copy of any Replacement Capital Covenant to a holder of the relevant Covered Debt. For copies of any of these documents, holders should write to Investor Relations, U.S. Bancorp, 800 Nicollet Mall, Minneapolis, Minnesota 55402, or call (866) 775-9668. 
 20 

The following table identifies the closing date for each transaction, issuer, series of Capital Securities, Preferred Stock or Exchangeable Preferred Stock issued in the relevant transaction, Other Securities, if any, and applicable Covered Debt as of February 27, 2023, for those securities that remain outstanding. 

Closing Date 
 
 Issuer 
 
 Capital Securities or Preferred Stock 
 
 Other Securities 
 
 Covered Debt 

3/17/06 
 
 USB Capital IX and U.S. Bancorp 
 
 USB Capital IX s 675,378,000 of 6.189 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Normal Income Trust Securities 
 
 U.S. Bancorp s Series A Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock 
 
 U.S. Bancorp s 7.50 Subordinated Debentures due 2026 (CUSIP No. 911596AL8) 

3/27/06 
 
 U.S. Bancorp 
 
 U.S. Bancorp s 40,000,000 Depositary Shares 25 per Depositary Share) each representing a 1/1000 th interest in a share of Series B Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock 
 
 Not Applicable 
 
 U.S. Bancorp s 7.50 Subordinated Debentures due 2026 (CUSIP No. 911596AL8) 

12/22/06 
 
 USB Realty Corp. (a) and U.S. Bancorp 
 
 USB Realty Corp. s 4,500 shares of Fixed-to-Floating-Rate Exchangeable Non-Cumulative Perpetual Series A Preferred Stock exchangeable for shares of U.S. Bancorp s Series C Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock (b) 
 
 Not Applicable 
 
 U.S. Bancorp s 7.50 Subordinated Debentures due 2026 (CUSIP No. 911596AL8) 

(a) 
 USB Realty Corp. is a subsidiary of USBNA. 

(b) 
 Under certain circumstances, upon the direction of the OCC, each share of USB Realty Corp. s Series A Preferred Stock will be automatically exchanged for one share of U.S. Bancorp s Series C Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock. 
 21 

Available Information U.S. Bancorp s internet website can be found at www.usbank.com. U.S. Bancorp makes available free of charge on its website, by clicking on About us and then clicking on Investor relations, its annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as well as all other reports filed by U.S. Bancorp with the SEC as soon as reasonably practicable after electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. Additional Information Additional information in response to this Item 1 can be found in the 2022 Annual Report on pages 56 to 59 under the heading Line of Business Financial Review. That information is incorporated into this report by reference. 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors Information in response to this Item 1A can be found in the 2022 Annual Report on pages 140 to 155 under the heading Risk Factors. That information is incorporated into this report by reference. 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments None. 

Item 2. 
 Properties U.S. Bancorp and its significant subsidiaries occupy headquarter offices under a long-term lease in Minneapolis, Minnesota. The Company also leases 7 freestanding operations centers in Cincinnati, Denver, Milwaukee, Minneapolis, Chicago, Portland and St. Paul. The Company owns 8 principal operations centers in Cincinnati, Fargo, Milwaukee, Olathe, Owensboro, Portland, St. Louis and St. Paul. At December 31, 2022, the Company s subsidiaries owned and operated a total of 1,274 facilities and leased an additional 1,717 facilities. The Company believes its current facilities are adequate to meet its needs. Additional information with respect to the Company s premises and equipment is presented in Note 9 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in the 2022 Annual Report. That information is incorporated into this report by reference. 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings Information in response to this Item 3 can be found in Note 23 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in the 2022 Annual Report under the heading, Litigation and Regulatory Matters. That information is incorporated into this report by reference. 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures Not Applicable. 
 22 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities The Company announced on December 22, 2020 that its Board of Directors had approved an authorization to repurchase 3.0 billion of its common stock beginning January 1, 2021, and repurchased 1.5 billion of its common stock during the first six months of 2021 under this program. The Company suspended all common stock repurchases at the beginning of the third quarter of 2021, except for those done exclusively in connection with its stock-based compensation programs, due to its acquisition of MUB. The Company does not expect to commence repurchasing its common stock until after its common equity tier 1 capital ratio approximates 9.0 percent, at which time the Company will assess its capital position relative to existing and proposed regulatory capital requirements. The following table provides a detailed analysis of all shares repurchased by the Company or any affiliated purchaser during the fourth quarter of 2022: 

Period 
 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased 

Average Price Paid per Share 

Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Program 

Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Program (In Millions) 

October 1-31 

130,208 
 (a) 

42.71 

10,208 

1,389 

November 1-30 

37,105 
 (b) 

43.00 

7,105 

1,388 

December 1-31 

294,684 

43.30 

294,684 

1,376 

Total 

461,997 
 (c) 

43.10 

311,997 

1,376 

(a) 
 Includes 120,000 shares of common stock purchased, at an average price per share of 42.84, in open-market transactions by USBNA, the Company s primary banking subsidiary, in its capacity as trustee of the U.S. Bank 401(k) Savings Plan, which is the Company s employee retirement savings plan. 

(b) 
 Includes 30,000 shares of common stock purchased, at an average price per share of 42.98, in open-market transactions by USBNA in its capacity as trustee of the U.S. Bank 401(k) Savings Plan. 

(c) 
 Includes 150,000 shares of common stock purchased, at an average price per share of 42.87, in open-market transactions by USBNA in its capacity as trustee of the U.S. Bank 401(k) Savings Plan. Additional Information Additional information in response to this Item 5 can be found in the 2022 Annual Report on page 139 under the heading U.S. Bancorp Supplemental Financial Data (Unaudited) and in Item 12 of this report, under the heading Equity Compensation Plan Information. That information is incorporated into this report and this Item by reference. 

Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Information in response to this Item 7 can be found in the 2022 Annual Report on pages 22 to 59 under the heading Management s Discussion and Analysis. That information is incorporated into this report by reference. 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk Information in response to this Item 7A can be found in the 2022 Annual Report on pages 35 to 56 under the heading Corporate Risk Profile. That information is incorporated into this report by reference. 
 23 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Information in response to this Item 8 can be found in the 2022 Annual Report on pages 65 to 139 under the headings Report of Management, Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, U.S. Bancorp Consolidated Balance Sheet, U.S. Bancorp Consolidated Statement of Income, U.S. Bancorp Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income, U.S. Bancorp Consolidated Statement of Shareholders Equity, U.S. Bancorp Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, U.S. Bancorp Consolidated Daily Average Balance Sheet and Related Yields and Rates (Unaudited) and U.S. Bancorp Supplemental Financial Data (Unaudited) . That information is incorporated into this report by reference. 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure None. 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures Information in response to this Item 9A can be found in the 2022 Annual Report on page 64 under the heading Controls and Procedures and on pages 65 and 69 under the headings Report of Management and Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. That information is incorporated into this report by reference. 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information None. 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections Not Applicable. 
 24 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Code of Ethics and Business Conduct The Company has adopted a Code of Ethics and Business Conduct that applies to its principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer. The Company s Code of Ethics and Business Conduct can be found at www.usbank.com by clicking on About us and then clicking on Investor relations and then clicking on Corporate Governance and then clicking on Governance documents and then clicking on Code of Ethics and then clicking on Code of Ethics and Business Conduct. The Company intends to satisfy the disclosure requirements under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K regarding amendments to, or waivers from, certain provisions of the Code of Ethics and Business Conduct that apply to its principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer by posting such information on its website, at the address and location specified above. Information About the Company s Managing Committee (1) Andrew Cecere Mr. Cecere is Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of U.S. Bancorp. Mr. Cecere, 62, has served as President of U.S. Bancorp since January 2016, Chief Executive Officer since April 2017 and Chairman since April 2018. He also served as Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer from January 2015 to January 2016 and was U.S. Bancorp s Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer from February 2007 until January 2015. Until that time, he served as Vice Chairman, Wealth Management and Investment Services, of U.S. Bancorp since the merger of Firstar Corporation and U.S. Bancorp in February 2001. Previously, he had served as an executive officer of the former U.S. Bancorp, including as Chief Financial Officer from 2000 through 2001. Souheil S. Badran Mr. Badran is Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer of U.S. Bancorp. Mr. Badran, 58, has served in this position since joining U.S. Bancorp in December 2022. From January 2019 until November 2022, he served as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer at Northwestern Mutual, having also served as Chief Innovation Officer from January 2019 until September 2019. Previously Mr. Badran served as President of Alibaba s Alipay business in the Americas from August 2016 until August 2018. From 2015 to 2016, Mr. Badran served as CEO at Edo Interactive, and from 2011 to 2015, he served as Senior Vice President and General Manager at Digital River. Elcio R.T. Barcelos Mr. Barcelos is Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer of U.S. Bancorp. Mr. Barcelos, 52, has served in this position since joining U.S. Bancorp in September 2020. From April 2018 until August 2020, he served as Senior Vice President and Chief People and Places Officer of the Federal National Mortgage Association (Fannie Mae), having served as Senior Vice President, Human Resources of the DXC Technology Company from April 2017 to March 2018. Previously, Mr. Barcelos served as Senior Vice President and Head of Human Resources for the Enterprise Services business of Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company from June 2015 to April 2017, and in other human resources senior leadership positions at Hewlett-Packard Company and Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company from July 2009 to June 2015. He previously served in various leadership roles at Wells Fargo and Bank of America. 

(1) 
 This section includes the biographies of the members of the Managing Committee of U.S. Bancorp. Each member of the Managing Committee, except for Gregory G. Cunningham, Venkatachari Dilip and Dominic V. Venturo, is deemed to be an executive officer of U.S. Bancorp. 
 25 

James L. Chosy Mr. Chosy is Senior Executive Vice President and General Counsel of U.S. Bancorp. Mr. Chosy, 59, has served in this position since March 2013. He also served as Corporate Secretary of U.S. Bancorp from March 2013 until April 2016. From 2001 to 2013, he served as the General Counsel and Secretary of Piper Jaffray Companies. From 1995 to 2001, Mr. Chosy was Vice President and Associate General Counsel of U.S. Bancorp, having also served as Assistant Secretary of U.S. Bancorp from 1995 through 2000 and as Secretary from 2000 until 2001. Gregory G. Cunningham Mr. Cunningham is Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Diversity Officer of U.S. Bancorp. Mr. Cunningham, 59, has served in this position since July 2020. From July 2019 until July 2020, he served as Senior Vice President and Chief Diversity Officer of U.S. Bancorp, having served as Vice President of Customer Engagement of U.S. Bancorp from October 2015, when he joined U.S. Bancorp, until July 2019. Previously, Mr. Cunningham served in various roles in the marketing department of Target Corporation from January 1998 until March 2015. Vankatachari Dilip Mr. Dilip is Executive Vice President and Global Chief Information and Technology Officer of U.S. Bancorp. Mr. Dilip, 63, has served in this position since September 2018, when he joined U.S. Bancorp. From May 2014 until July 2017, he served as Vice President at McKinsey Digital where he helped banks accelerate their digital transformation. From April 2009 to September 2013, he served as CEO at Compass Labs leading an innovative marketing analytics company. From March 2006 until April 2008, he served as Director of Products at Google where he led product teams for mobile ads and Google Checkout. From March 2004 until March 2006, he served as Vice President of PayPal/eBay and on the Board of PayPal Europe, where he was responsible for Payments Services, Risk and Fraud Management. Previously, Mr. Dilip co-founded and led startup companies CashEdge and CommerceSoft from 1996 until 2003. Terrance R. Dolan Mr. Dolan is Vice Chair and Chief Financial Officer of U.S. Bancorp. Mr. Dolan, 61, has served in this position since August 2016. From July 2010 to July 2016, he served as Vice Chair, Wealth Management and Investment Services, of U.S. Bancorp. From September 1998 to July 2010, Mr. Dolan served as U.S. Bancorp s Controller. He additionally held the title of Executive Vice President from January 2002 until June 2010 and Senior Vice President from September 1998 until January 2002. Gunjan Kedia Ms. Kedia is Vice Chair, Wealth Management and Investment Services, of U.S. Bancorp. Ms. Kedia, 52, has served in this position since joining U.S. Bancorp in December 2016. From October 2008 until May 2016, she served as Executive Vice President of State Street Corporation where she led the core investment servicing business in North and South America and served as a member of State Street s management committee, its senior most strategy and policy committee. Previously, Ms. Kedia was an Executive Vice President of global product management at Bank of New York Mellon from 2004 to 2008 and a Partner and associate at McKinsey from 1996 to 2004. James B. Kelligrew Mr. Kelligrew is Vice Chair, Corporate and Commercial Banking, of U.S. Bancorp. Mr. Kelligrew, 57, has served in this position since January 2016. From March 2014 until December 2015, he served as Executive Vice 
 26 

President, Fixed Income and Capital Markets, of U.S. Bancorp, having served as Executive Vice President, Credit Fixed Income, of U.S. Bancorp from May 2009 to March 2014. Prior to that time, he held various leadership positions with Wells Fargo Securities from 2003 to 2009. Shailesh M. Kotwal Mr. Kotwal is Vice Chair, Payment Services, of U.S. Bancorp. Mr. Kotwal, 58, has served in this position since joining U.S. Bancorp in March 2015. From July 2008 until May 2014, he served as Executive Vice President of TD Bank Group with responsibility for retail banking products and services and as Chair of its enterprise payments council. From 2006 until 2008, he served as President, International, of eFunds Corporation. Previously, Mr. Kotwal served in various leadership roles at American Express Company from 1989 until 2006, including responsibility for operations in North and South America, Europe and the Asia-Pacific regions. Katherine B. Quinn Ms. Quinn is Vice Chair and Chief Administrative Officer of U.S. Bancorp. Ms. Quinn, 58, has served in this position since April 2017. From September 2013 to April 2017, she served as Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy and Reputation Officer of U.S. Bancorp and has served on U.S. Bancorp s Managing Committee since January 2015. From September 2010 until January 2013, she served as Chief Marketing Officer of WellPoint, Inc. (now known as Anthem, Inc.), having served as Head of Corporate Marketing of WellPoint from July 2005 until September 2010. Jodi L. Richard Ms. Richard is Vice Chair and Chief Risk Officer of U.S. Bancorp. Ms. Richard, 54, has served in this position since October 2018. She served as Executive Vice President and Chief Operational Risk Officer of U.S. Bancorp from January 2018 until October 2018, having served as Senior Vice President and Chief Operational Risk Officer from 2014 until January 2018. Prior to that time, Ms. Richard held various senior leadership roles at HSBC from 2003 until 2014, including Executive Vice President and Head of Operational Risk and Internal Control at HSBC North America from 2008 to 2014. Ms. Richard started her career at the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency in 1990 as a national bank examiner. Mark G. Runkel Mr. Runkel is Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Transformation Officer of U.S. Bancorp. Mr. Runkel, 46, has served in this position since August 2021. From December 2013 to August 2021, he served as Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Credit Officer. From February 2011 until December 2013, he served as Senior Vice President and Credit Risk Group Manager of U.S. Bancorp Retail and Payment Services Credit Risk Management, having served as Senior Vice President and Risk Manager of U.S. Bancorp Retail and Small Business Credit Risk Management from June 2009 until February 2011. From March 2005 until May 2009, he served as Vice President and Risk Manager of U.S. Bancorp. Dominic V. Venturo Mr. Venturo is Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Digital Officer of U.S. Bancorp. Mr. Venturo, 56, has served in this position since July 2020. From January 2015 until July 2020, he served as Executive Vice President and Chief Innovation Officer of U.S. Bancorp, having served as Senior Vice President and Chief Innovation Officer of U.S. Bancorp Payment Services from January 2010 until January 2015. From January 2007 to December 2009, Mr. Venturo served as Senior Vice President and Chief Innovation Officer of U.S. Bancorp Retail Payment Solutions. Prior to that time, he served as Senior Vice President and held product management positions in various U.S. Bancorp Payment Services business lines from December 1998 to December 2006. 
 27 

Jeffry H. von Gillern Mr. von Gillern is Vice Chair, Technology and Operations Services, of U.S. Bancorp. Mr. von Gillern, 57, has served in this position since July 2010. From April 2001, when he joined U.S. Bancorp, until July 2010, Mr. von Gillern served as Executive Vice President of U.S. Bancorp, additionally serving as Chief Information Officer from July 2007 until July 2010. Timothy A. Welsh Mr. Welsh is Vice Chair, Consumer and Business Banking, of U.S. Bancorp. Mr. Welsh, 57, has served in this position since March 2019. Prior to that, he served as Vice Chair, Consumer Banking Sales and Support since joining U.S. Bancorp in July 2017. From July 2006 until June 2017, he served as a Senior Partner at McKinsey Company where he specialized in financial services and the consumer experience. Previously, Mr. Welsh served as a Partner at McKinsey from 1999 to 2006. Additional Information Additional information in response to this Item 10 can be found in the Proxy Statement under the headings Proposal. 1 Election of Directors, Corporate Governance Committee Responsibilities and Corporate Governance Committee Member Qualifications. That information is incorporated into this report by reference. 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation Information required to be furnished in response to this Item 11 can be found in the Proxy Statement under the headings Compensation Discussion and Analysis, Compensation Committee Report, Corporate Governance Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation, Executive Compensation and Director Compensation. That information is incorporated into this report by reference. 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters Equity Compensation Plan Information The following table summarizes information regarding the Company s equity compensation plans in effect as of December 31, 2022: 

Plan Category 
 
 Number of Securities to be Issued upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights 

Weighted-Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights 

Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding Securities Reflected in the First Column) 

Equity Compensation Plans Approved by Security Holders 

20,299,639 
 (3) 
 
 Stock Options 

3,253,090 
 (1) 

44.42 

Restricted Stock Units and Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units 

6,952,232 
 (2) 

- 

Equity Compensation Plans Not Approved by Security Holders 

372,941 
 (4) 

- 

- 

Total 

10,578,263 

20,299,639 

(1) 
 Includes shares of the Company s common stock underlying stock options granted under the U.S. Bancorp 2015 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2015 Plan and the U.S. Bancorp Amended and Restated 2007 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2007 Plan ). 
 28 

(2) 
 Includes shares of the Company s common stock underlying performance-based restricted stock units (awarded to the members of the Company s Managing Committee and settled in shares of the Company s common stock on a one-for-one basis) and restricted stock units (settled in shares of the Company s common stock on a one-for-one basis) under the 2015 Plan, the 2007 Plan and the U.S. Bancorp 2001 Stock Incentive Plan. No exercise price is paid upon vesting, and thus, no exercise price is included in the table. 

(3) 
 The 20,299,639 shares of the Company s common stock available for future issuance are reserved under the 2015 Plan. Future awards under the 2015 Plan may be made in the form of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance awards, dividend equivalents, stock awards, or other stock-based awards. 

(4) 
 These shares of the Company s common stock are issuable pursuant to various current and former deferred compensation plans of U.S. Bancorp and its predecessor entities. No exercise price is paid when shares are issued pursuant to the deferred compensation plans. The deferred compensation plans allow non-employee directors and members of senior management to defer all or part of their compensation until the earlier of retirement or termination of employment. The deferred compensation is deemed to be invested in one of several investment alternatives at the option of the participant, including shares of U.S. Bancorp common stock. Deferred compensation deemed to be invested in U.S. Bancorp stock will be received in the form of shares of U.S. Bancorp common stock at the time of distribution, unless the Company chooses cash payment. The 372,941 shares included in the table assume that participants in the plans whose deferred compensation had been deemed to be invested in the Company s common stock had elected to receive all of that deferred compensation in shares of the Company s common stock on December 31, 2022. The U.S. Bank Executive Employees Deferred Compensation Plan (2005 Statement) and the U.S. Bank Outside Directors Deferred Compensation Plan (2005 Statement) are the Company s only deferred compensation plans under which compensation may currently be deferred. Additional Information Additional information in response to this Item 12 can be found in the Proxy Statement under the heading Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management. That information is incorporated into this report by reference. 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence Information in response to this Item 13 can be found in the Proxy Statement under the headings Corporate Governance Director Independence, Corporate Governance Committee Member Qualifications and Certain Relationships and Related Transactions. That information is incorporated into this report by reference. 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services Information in response to this Item 14 can be found in the Proxy Statement under the headings Audit Committee Report and Payment of Fees to Auditor Fees to Independent Auditor and Audit Committee Report and Payment of Fees to Auditor Administration of Engagement of Independent Auditor. That information is incorporated into this report by reference. 
 29 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules List of documents filed as part of this report 1. Financial Statements 

Report of Management 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on the Financial Statements 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

U.S. Bancorp Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

U.S. Bancorp Consolidated Statement of Income for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 

U.S. Bancorp Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 

U.S. Bancorp Consolidated Statement of Shareholders Equity for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 

U.S. Bancorp Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

U.S. Bancorp Consolidated Daily Average Balance Sheet and Related Yields and Rates (Unaudited) 

U.S. Bancorp Supplemental Financial Data (Unaudited) 2. Financial Statement Schedules All financial statement schedules for the Company have been included in the consolidated financial statements or the related footnotes, or are either inapplicable or not required. 3. Exhibits Shareholders may obtain a copy of any of the exhibits to this report upon payment of a fee covering the Company s reasonable expenses in furnishing the exhibits. You can request exhibits by writing to Investor Relations, U.S. Bancorp, 800 Nicollet Mall, Minneapolis, Minnesota 55402. 

(1) 2.1 
 
 Share Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 21, 2021. Filed as Exhibit 2.1 to Form 8-K filed on September 24, 2021. 

(1) 2.2 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Share Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 10, 2022. Filed as Exhibit 2.1 to Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2022. 

(1) 3.1 
 
 Restated Certificate of Incorporation. Filed as Exhibit 3.4 to Form 8-K filed on April 20, 2022. 

(1) 3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws. Filed as Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K filed on April 20, 2021. 

4.1 
 
 Pursuant to Item 601(b)(4)(iii)(A) of Regulation S-K, copies of instruments defining the rights of holders of long-term debt are not filed. U.S. Bancorp agrees to furnish a copy thereof to the SEC upon request. 

4.2 
 
 Description of U.S. Bancorp s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 30 

(1) 10.0 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated December 1, 2022, by and between U.S. Bancorp and MUFG Bank, Ltd. Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on December 1, 2022. 

(1)(2) 10.1(a) 
 
 U.S. Bancorp 2001 Stock Incentive Plan. Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2001. 

(1)(2) 10.1(b) 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to U.S. Bancorp 2001 Stock Incentive Plan. Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2002. 

(1)(2) 10.2 
 
 U.S. Bancorp Annual Executive Incentive Plan. Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on January 16, 2019. 

(1)(2) 10.3 
 
 U.S. Bancorp Executive Deferral Plan, as amended. Filed as Exhibit 10.7 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1999. 

(1)(2)(3) 10.4 
 
 U.S. Bank Non-Qualified Retirement Plan. Filed as Exhibit 10.4 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020. 

(1)(2) 10.5(a) 
 
 U.S. Bancorp Executive Employees Deferred Compensation Plan. Filed as Exhibit 10.18 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2003. 

(1)(2) 10.5(b) 
 
 2011 Amendment of U.S. Bancorp Executive Employees Deferred Compensation Plan. Filed as Exhibit 10.9(b) to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011. 

(1)(2) 10.6 
 
 U.S. Bank Executive Employees Deferred Compensation Plan (2005 Statement). Filed as Exhibit 4.1 to Form S-8 filed on November 2, 2022. 

(1)(2) 10.7(a) 
 
 U.S. Bancorp Outside Directors Deferred Compensation Plan. Filed as Exhibit 10.19 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2003. 

(1)(2) 10.7(b) 
 
 2011 Amendment of U.S. Bancorp Outside Directors Deferred Compensation Plan. Filed as Exhibit 10.11(b) to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011. 

(1)(2) 10.8(a) 
 
 U.S. Bank Outside Directors Deferred Compensation Plan (2005 Statement). Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on December 21, 2005. 

(1)(2) 10.8(b) 
 
 First Amendment of the U.S. Bank Outside Directors Deferred Compensation Plan (2005 Statement). Filed as Exhibit 10.3(b) to Form 8-K filed on January 7, 2009. 

(1)(2) 10.8(c) 
 
 Second Amendment of the U.S. Bank Outside Directors Deferred Compensation Plan (2005 Statement). Filed as Exhibit 10.12(c) to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011. 

(1)(2) 10.9(a) 
 
 Form of Director Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under U.S. Bancorp 2001 Stock Incentive Plan. Filed as Exhibit 10.5 to Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2004. 

(1)(2) 10.9(b) 
 
 Form of Amendment to Director Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreements under U.S. Bancorp 2001 Stock Incentive Plan dated as of December 31, 2008. Filed as Exhibit 10.5(b) to Form 8-K filed on January 7, 2009. 

(1)(2) 10.10 
 
 U.S. Bancorp Amended and Restated 2007 Stock Incentive Plan. Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on April 20, 2010. 

(1)(2) 10.11 
 
 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement for Executive Officers (as approved January 16, 2012) under U.S. Bancorp Amended and Restated 2007 Stock Incentive Plan. Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed on January 18, 2012. 

(1)(2) 10.12 
 
 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement for Executive Officers (as approved November 14, 2012) under U.S. Bancorp Amended and Restated 2007 Stock Incentive Plan. Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed on November 19, 2012. 
 31 

(1)(2) 10.13 
 
 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement for Executive Officers (as approved December 9, 2013) under U.S. Bancorp Amended and Restated 2007 Stock Incentive Plan. Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed on December 13, 2013. 

(1)(2) 10.14 
 
 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement for Executive Officers under U.S. Bancorp Amended and Restated 2007 Stock Incentive Plan to be used after December 31, 2014. Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed on December 31, 2014. 

(1)(2) 10.15 
 
 Form of 2007 Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Non-Employee Directors under U.S. Bancorp Amended and Restated 2007 Stock Incentive Plan. Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q/A for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2007. 

(1)(2) 10.16 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Non-Employee Directors under U.S. Bancorp Amended and Restated 2007 Stock Incentive Plan to be used after December 31, 2008. Filed as Exhibit 10.11(a) to Form 8-K filed on January 7, 2009. 

(1)(2) 10.17 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Non-Employee Directors under U.S. Bancorp Amended and Restated 2007 Stock Incentive Plan to be used after December 31, 2013. Filed as Exhibit 10.37 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013. 

(1)(2) 10.18 
 
 U.S. Bancorp 2015 Stock Incentive Plan. Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on April 23, 2015. 

(1)(2) 10.19 
 
 Form of Stock Option Award Agreement for Executive Officers under U.S. Bancorp 2015 Stock Incentive Plan (in use for grants made through 2016). Filed as Exhibit 10.4 to Form 8-K filed on April 23, 2015. 

(1)(2) 10.20 
 
 Form of Stock Option Award Agreement for Executive Officers under U.S. Bancorp 2015 Stock Incentive Plan (used for grants made after January 1, 2017). Filed as Exhibit 10.44 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016. 

(1)(2) 10.21 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Non-Employee Directors under U.S. Bancorp 2015 Stock Incentive Plan (in use for grants made through 2016). Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed on April 23, 2015. 

(1)(2) 10.22 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Non-Employee Directors under U.S. Bancorp 2015 Stock Incentive Plan (used for grants made after January 1, 2017). Filed as Exhibit 10.42 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016. 

(1)(2) 10.23 
 
 Form of Performance Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Executive Officers under U.S. Bancorp 2015 Stock Incentive Plan (used for grants made during 2019). Filed as Exhibit 10.34 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018. 

(1)(2) 10.24 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Executive Officers under U.S. Bancorp 2015 Stock Incentive Plan (used for grants made January 1, 2018 June 30, 2018). Filed as Exhibit 10.40 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017. 

(1)(2) 10.25 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Executive Officers under U.S. Bancorp 2015 Stock Incentive Plan (used for grants made July 1, 2018 December 31, 2019). Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2018. 

(1)(2) 10.26 
 
 Form of Performance Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Executive Officers under U.S. Bancorp 2015 Stock Incentive Plan (used for grants made during 2020). Filed as Exhibit 10.36 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019. 

(1)(2) 10.27 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Executive Officers under U.S. Bancorp 2015 Stock Incentive Plan (used for grants made during 2020). Filed as Exhibit 10.37 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019. 
 32 

(1)(2) 10.28 
 
 Form of Performance Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Executive Officers under U.S. Bancorp 2015 Stock Incentive Plan (used for grants made after January 1, 2021). Filed as Exhibit 10.30 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020. 

(1)(2) 10.29 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Executive Officers under U.S. Bancorp 2015 Stock Incentive Plan (used for grants made after January 1, 2021). Filed as Exhibit 10.31 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020. 

13 
 
 2022 Annual Report, pages 21 through 158. 

21 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 

23 
 
 Consent of Ernst Young LLP. 

24 
 
 Power of Attorney. 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

32 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350 as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101 
 
 The following financial statements from the Company s Annual Report for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in Inline XBRL: (i) Consolidated Balance Sheet, (ii) Consolidated Statement of Income, (iii) Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income, (iv) Consolidated Statement of Shareholders Equity, (v) Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, tagged as blocks of text and including detailed tags. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document and included in Exhibit 101). 

(1) 
 Exhibit has been previously filed with the SEC and is incorporated herein as an exhibit by reference to the prior filing. 

(2) 
 Management contracts or compensatory plans or arrangements. 

(3) 
 Certain appendices have been omitted. The Company will furnish copies of any such appendix to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission upon its request. 

The schedules and similar attachments to this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The Company agrees to provide a copy of the omitted schedules and similar attachments on a supplemental basis to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff, if requested. 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary Not applicable. 
 33 

SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on February 27, 2023, on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

U.S. BANCORP 

By 
 
 /s/ A NDREW C ECERE 

Andrew Cecere 

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below on February 27, 2023, by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated. 

Signature and Title 

/s/ A NDREW C ECERE 
 
 Andrew Cecere, 
 
 Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Director (principal executive officer) 

/s/ T ERRANCE R. D OLAN 
 
 Terrance R. Dolan, 
 
 Vice Chair and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) 

/s/ L ISA R. S TARK 
 
 Lisa R. Stark, 
 
 Executive Vice President and Controller (principal accounting officer) 

W ARNER L. B AXTER 
 
 Warner L. Baxter, Director 

D OROTHY J. B RIDGES 
 
 Dorothy J. Bridges, Director 

E LIZABETH L. B USE 
 
 Elizabeth L. Buse, Director 

A LAN B. C OLBERG 
 
 Alan B. Colberg, Director 

K IMBERLY N. E LLISON -T AYLOR 
 
 Kimberly N. Ellison-Taylor, Director 

K IMBERLY J. H ARRIS 
 
 Kimberly J. Harris, Director 

R OLAND A. H ERNANDEZ 
 
 Roland A. Hernandez, Director 

O LIVIA F. K IRTLEY 
 
 Olivia F. Kirtley, Director 
 34 

Signature and Title 

R ICHARD P. M C K ENNEY 
 
 Richard P. McKenney, Director 

Y USUF I. M EHDI 
 
 Yusuf I. Mehdi, Director 

L ORETTA E. R EYNOLDS 
 
 Loretta E. Reynolds, Director 

J OHN P. W IEHOFF 
 
 John P. Wiehoff, Director 

S COTT W. W INE 
 
 Scott W. Wine, Director 

Andrew Cecere, by signing his name hereto, does hereby sign this document on behalf of each of the above named directors of the registrant pursuant to powers of attorney duly executed by such persons. Dated: February 27, 2023 

By: 
 
 /s/ A NDREW C ECERE 

Andrew Cecere 

Attorney-In-Fact 

35 

<EX-4.2>
 2
 d410791dex42.htm
 EX-4.2

EX-4.2 

Exhibit 4.2 
 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 
 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES 
 EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 U.S. Bancorp USB has registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
 Exchange Act ), (1) its common stock, (2) depositary shares representing shares of Series A preferred stock, (3) depositary shares representing shares of Series B preferred stock, (4) depositary shares representing shares
of Series K preferred stock, (5) depositary shares representing shares of Series L preferred stock, (6) depositary shares representing shares of Series M preferred stock, (7) depositary shares representing shares of Series O preferred
stock and (8) its 0.850 Medium-Term Notes, Series X (Senior), due June 7, 2024. DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK 
 The following description of the capital stock of USB and certain other matters does not purport to be complete and is subject, in all
respects, to applicable Delaware law and to the provisions of the restated certificate of incorporation, as amended (the Certificate of Incorporation and amended and restated bylaws (the Bylaws of USB. The following
description is qualified by reference to the Certificate of Incorporation, the certificate of designations for each series of preferred stock of USB and the Bylaws, copies of which are incorporated by reference as exhibits to USB s Annual
Report on Form 10-K. Authorized Capital Stock 
 The authorized capital stock of USB consists of 4,000,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.01 per share Common Stock ), and
50,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 1.00 per share Preferred Stock ). As of December 31, 2022, there were 1,530,978,258 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding and 243,510 shares of Preferred Stock issued and
outstanding, of which: 

12,510 represent shares of Series A Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred
Stock (the Series A Preferred Stock 

40,000 represent shares of Series B Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred
Stock (the Series B Preferred Stock 

40,000 represent shares of Series J Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred
Stock (the Series J Preferred Stock 

23,000 represent shares of Series K Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred
Stock (the Series K Preferred Stock 

20,000 represent shares of Series L Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred
Stock (the Series L Preferred Stock 

30,000 represent shares of Series M Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred
Stock (the Series M Preferred Stock 

60,000 represent shares of Series N Fixed Rate Reset Non-Cumulative 
Perpetual Preferred Stock (the Series N Preferred Stock and 

18,000 represent shares of Series O Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred
Stock (the Series O Preferred Stock ). All outstanding shares of USB s capital stock are fully paid and
 non-assessable. Common Stock 
 Holders of shares of Common Stock are entitled to one vote per share. Unless a greater number of affirmative votes is required by the
Certificate of Incorporation, the Bylaws, the rules or regulations of any stock exchange on which the Common Stock is traded, or as otherwise required by law or pursuant to any regulation applicable to USB, if a quorum exists at any meeting of
stockholders, stockholders may take action on all matters, other than the election of directors, by a majority of the voting power of the stock present, in person or by proxy, at the meeting and entitled to vote on the matter. A nominee for director
will be elected if the votes cast for such nominee s election exceed the votes cast against such nominee s election; provided, however , that if USB s board of directors determines that the number of nominees for director
exceeds the number of directors to be elected at such meeting by the date that is 10 days prior to the date that USB first mails its notice of meeting for such meeting to the stockholders, each of the directors to be elected at such meeting will be
elected by a plurality of the votes cast at such meeting assuming a quorum is present. Holders of shares of Common Stock do not have the right to cumulate their votes in the election of directors. 
 Subject to the prior or equal rights, if any, of any series of Preferred Stock outstanding, the holders of Common Stock are entitled to such
dividends as may from time to time be declared by USB s board of directors from any funds legally available for dividends. USB is subject to various general regulatory policies and requirements relating to the payment of dividends on its
capital stock, including requirements to maintain adequate capital above regulatory minimums. The Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve Board is authorized to determine, under certain circumstances
relating to the financial condition of a bank holding company, such as USB, that the payment of dividends would be an unsafe or unsound practice and to prohibit payment thereof. In addition, USB is subject to Delaware state laws relating to the
payment of dividends. Holders of shares of Common Stock do not have any preemptive right to purchase or subscribe for any additional
securities of USB. In the event of liquidation of USB, after the payment or provision for payment of all debts and liabilities and
subject to the prior or equal rights, if any, of the Preferred Stock of any and all outstanding series, the holders of Common Stock will be entitled to share ratably in the remaining assets of USB. Shares of USB Common Stock are fully paid and non-assessable. The Common Stock has no conversion rights. 
 The transfer agent and registrar for USB common stock is Computershare, Inc. USB s Common Stock is listed on the NYSE under the symbol
 USB. 
 2 

Preferred Stock 
 General USB s
board of directors or a duly authorized committee thereof has the authority, without further action by USB s stockholders, unless action is required by applicable laws or regulations or by the terms of any Preferred Stock, to provide for the
issuance of Preferred Stock in one or more series and to fix the voting rights, designations, preferences, and relative, participating, optional or other special rights, and qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, by adopting a
resolution or resolutions creating and designating such series. The rights of holders of Common Stock will be subject to, and may be
adversely affected by, the rights of holders of any Preferred Stock. Any issuance of Preferred Stock may adversely affect the interests of holders of the Common Stock by limiting the control which such holders may exert by exercise of their voting
rights, by subordinating their rights in liquidation to the rights of the holders of the Preferred Stock, and otherwise. As of
December 31, 2022, USB has authorized the following securities, which have been registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act: 

20,010 shares of Series A Preferred Stock, with a liquidation preference of 100,000 per share, of which 12,510
shares of Series A Preferred Stock were outstanding, with 5,746.22 shares of Series A Preferred Stock evidenced by 574,622 depositary shares, all of which are issued and outstanding; 

40,000,000 depositary shares representing, in the aggregate, 40,000 shares of Series B Preferred Stock, with a
liquidation preference of 25,000 per share, all of which were issued and outstanding; 

23,000,000 depositary shares representing, in the aggregate, 23,000 shares of Series K Preferred Stock, with a
liquidation preference of 25,000 per share, all of which were issued and outstanding; 

20,000,000 depositary shares representing, in the aggregate, 20,000 shares of Series L Preferred Stock, with a
liquidation preference of 25,000 per share, all of which were issued and outstanding; 

30,000,000 depositary shares representing, in the aggregate, 30,000 shares of Series M Preferred Stock, with a
liquidation preference of 25,000 per share, all of which were issued and outstanding; and 

18,000,000 depositary shares representing, in the aggregate, 18,000 shares of Series O Preferred Stock, with a
liquidation preference of 25,000 per share, all of which were issued and outstanding. The Series J Preferred Stock and
the Series N Preferred Stock described herein have not been registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act. 
 3 

Series A Preferred Stock 
 General The depositary is the sole holder of the Series A Preferred Stock, as described below under the section entitled
 Description of Depositary Shares, and all references herein to the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock mean the depositary. However, the holders of depositary shares will be entitled, through the depositary, to exercise the
rights and preferences of the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock, as described below under Description of Depositary Shares. The holders of the Series A Preferred Stock have no preemptive rights with respect to any shares of
USB s capital stock or any of its other securities convertible into or carrying rights or options to purchase any such capital stock. 
 The holders of Series A Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive non-cumulative cash dividends
when, as and if declared out of assets legally available for payment of dividends. In the event USB does not declare dividends or does not pay dividends in full on the Series A Preferred Stock on any date on which dividends are due, then such unpaid
dividends will not cumulate and will no longer accrue and be payable. The Series A Preferred Stock is perpetual and will not be
convertible into shares of USB s Common Stock or any other class or series of USB s capital stock, and will not be subject to any sinking fund or other obligation for their repurchase or retirement. 
 Rank With respect to the payment of dividends and amounts upon liquidation, the Series A Preferred Stock ranks equally
with the Series B Preferred Stock, the Series J Preferred Stock, the Series K Preferred Stock, the Series L Preferred Stock, the Series M Preferred Stock, the Series N Preferred Stock and the Series O Preferred Stock and with any future class
or series of USB s capital stock that ranks on a par with the Series A Preferred Stock in the payment of dividends and in the distribution of assets on USB s liquidation, dissolution or winding up. Such capital stock is referred to as
 Parity Stock. With respect to the payment of dividends and amounts upon liquidation, the Series A Preferred Stock ranks senior to USB s Common Stock and any other future class or series of USB s capital stock over which the
Series A Preferred Stock has preference or priority in the payment of dividends or in the distribution of assets on USB s liquidation, dissolution or winding up. USB s Common Stock and any such capital stock are referred to as Junior
Stock. USB may not issue any class or series of capital stock having a preference or priority in the payment of dividends or in the distribution of assets on USB s liquidation, dissolution or winding up over the Series A Preferred Stock
without the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of at least 66-2/3 of all of the shares of the Series A Preferred Stock and all other Parity Stock, at the time outstanding, voting as a single
class without regard to series. In particular, during a dividend period (as defined below) and subject to certain exceptions, no dividend
will be paid or declared and no distribution will be made on any Junior Stock, other than a dividend payable solely in Junior Stock, no shares of Junior Stock may be repurchased, redeemed or otherwise acquired for consideration by USB, directly or
indirectly (other than as a result of reclassification of Junior Stock for or into Junior Stock, or the exchange or conversion of one share of Junior Stock for or into another share of Junior Stock, and other than through the use of the proceeds of
a substantially contemporaneous sale of other shares of 
 4 

Junior Stock), nor will any monies be paid to or made available for a sinking fund for the redemption of any
such securities by USB, and no shares of Parity Stock may be purchased, redeemed or otherwise acquired for consideration by USB otherwise than pursuant to pro rata offers to purchase all, or a pro rata portion, of the Series A Preferred Stock and
such Parity Stock except by conversion into or exchange for Junior Stock, unless full dividends for such dividend period on all outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock have been paid or declared and a sum sufficient for the payment thereof
set aside. Dividends Dividends on shares of the Series A Preferred Stock will not be mandatory. Holders of the
Series A Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive, if, when and as declared by USB s board of directors or a duly authorized committee of the board, out of assets legally available for the payment of dividends under Delaware law, non-cumulative cash dividends payable quarterly in arrears on each January 15, April 15, July 15 or October 15 (or, if such day is not a business day, the next business day). The period from and
including the date of issuance of the Series A Preferred Stock or any dividend payment date to but excluding the next dividend payment date is referred to as a dividend period. Dividends on each share of Series A Preferred Stock will
accrue on the liquidation preference amount of 100,000 per share at a rate per annum equal to the greater of (i) three-month LIBOR (computed as provided below) plus 1.02 1 or
(ii) 3.50 . In the case that any date on which dividends are payable on the Series A Preferred Stock is not a business day, then payment of the dividend payable on that date will be made on the next succeeding day that is a business day.
However, no interest or other payment will be paid in respect of the delay. The record date for payment of dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock will be the last day of the immediately preceding calendar month during which the dividend payment
date falls. The amount of dividends payable for any dividend period will be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year and the number of days actually elapsed. For purposes of the Series A Preferred Stock, a
 business day means each Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday or Friday on which banking institutions in Minneapolis, Minnesota, New York, New York or Wilmington, Delaware are not authorized or obligated by law, regulation or executive
order to close. For any dividend period, three-month LIBOR will be determined by the calculation agent on the second London Banking Day
immediately preceding the first day of such dividend period in the following manner: 

Three-month LIBOR will be the rate (expressed as a percentage per annum) for deposits in U.S. dollars for
a three-month period commencing on the first day of a dividend period that appears on Reuters Screen LIBOR01 Page as of 11:00 a.m. (London time) on the second London Banking Day preceding the first day of that dividend period.

1 
 The publication of the most commonly used U.S. dollar LIBOR settings, including
 3-month LIBOR, will cease to be provided or representative after June 30, 2023. The Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act (the LIBOR Act ), enacted in March 2022, provides a statutory framework
to replace certain U.S. dollar LIBOR settings with a benchmark rate based on the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR for contracts governed by U.S. law that do not contain clearly defined or practicable benchmark replacement
provisions. Accordingly, this LIBOR-based rate (including the spread) will transition pursuant to the LIBOR Act to CME term SOFR plus the designated spread adjustment on the designated benchmark replacement date. 
 5 

If the rate described above does not appear on Reuters Screen LIBOR01, three-month LIBOR will be determined on
the basis of the rates at which deposits in U.S. dollars for a three-month period commencing on the first day of that dividend period and in a principal amount of not less than 1,000,000 are offered to prime banks in the London interbank
market by four major banks in the London interbank market selected by USB, at approximately 11:00 a.m., London time, on the second London Banking Day preceding the first day of that dividend period. U.S. Bank National Association, as
Calculation Agent for the Series A Preferred Stock, will request the principal London office of each of such banks to provide a quotation of its rate. If at least two such quotations are provided, three-month LIBOR with respect to that dividend
period will be the arithmetic mean (rounded upward if necessary to the nearest .00001 of 1 of such quotations. 

If fewer than two quotations are provided, three-month LIBOR with respect to that dividend period will be the
arithmetic mean (rounded upward if necessary to the nearest .00001 of 1 of the rates quoted by three major banks in New York, New York, selected by the Calculation Agent, at approximately 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the first day of
that dividend period for loans in U.S. dollars to leading European banks for a three-month period commencing on the first day of that dividend period and in a principal amount of not less than 1,000,000. 

If the banks selected by the Calculation Agent to provide quotations are not quoting as described above,
three-month LIBOR for that dividend period will be the same as three-month LIBOR as determined for the previous dividend period. 
 The calculation agent s establishment of three-month LIBOR and calculation of the amount of dividends for each dividend period will be on
file at USB s principal offices, will be made available to any holder of Series A Preferred Stock upon request and will be final and binding in the absence of manifest error. 
 London Banking Day means any day on which commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in deposits in
U.S. dollars) in London. Reuters Screen LIBOR01 Page means the display designated on the Reuters 3000 Xtra (or such
other page as may replace that page on that service or such other service as may be nominated by the British Bankers Association for the purpose of displaying London interbank offered rates for U.S. dollar deposits). 
 The right of holders of the Series A Preferred Stock to receive dividends is non-cumulative. If
USB s board of directors does not declare a dividend on the Series A Preferred Stock or declares less than a full dividend in respect of any dividend period, the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock will have no right to receive any dividend
or a full dividend, as the case may be, for that dividend period, and USB will have no obligation to pay a dividend or to pay full dividends for that dividend period, whether or not dividends are declared and paid for any future dividend period with
respect to the Series A Preferred Stock, Parity Stock, Junior Stock or any other class or series of USB s authorized Preferred Stock. 
 6 

When dividends are not paid in full upon the Series A Preferred Stock and any other Parity
Stock, dividends upon that stock will be declared on a proportional basis so that the amount of dividends declared per share will bear to each other the same ratio that accrued dividends for the current dividend period per share on the Series A
Preferred Stock, and accrued dividends, including any accumulations, on such Parity Stock, bear to each other. No interest will be payable in respect of any dividend payment on the Series A Preferred Stock that may be in arrears. 
 Redemption The Series A Preferred Stock is not subject to any mandatory redemption, sinking fund or other similar
provisions. So long as full dividends on all outstanding shares of the Series A Preferred Stock for the then-current dividend period have
been paid or declared and a sum sufficient for the payment thereof is set aside, and subject to receipt of the regulatory approvals discussed below, USB may redeem the Series A Preferred Stock in whole or in part at any time, at a redemption price
equal to 100,000 per share plus dividends that have been declared but not paid plus accrued and unpaid dividends for the then current dividend period to the redemption date. 
 If shares of the Series A Preferred Stock are to be redeemed, the notice of redemption will be given by first class mail to the holders
of record of the Series A Preferred Stock to be redeemed, mailed not less than 30 days nor more than 60 days prior to the date fixed for redemption thereof (provided that, if the depositary shares representing the Series A
Preferred Stock are held in book-entry form through DTC, USB may give such notice in any manner permitted by the DTC). Each notice of redemption will include a statement setting forth: (i) the redemption date, (ii) the number of shares of
the Series A Preferred Stock to be redeemed and, if less than all the shares held by such holder are to be redeemed, the number of such shares to be redeemed from such holder, (iii) the redemption price, (iv) the place or places where
the certificates evidencing shares of Series A Preferred Stock are to be surrendered for payment of the redemption price and (v) that dividends on the shares to be redeemed will cease to accrue on the redemption date. If notice of
redemption of any shares of Series A Preferred Stock has been duly given and if the funds necessary for such redemption have been set aside by USB for the benefit of the holders of any shares of Series A Preferred Stock so called for
redemption, then, on and after the redemption date, dividends will cease to accrue on such shares of Series A Preferred Stock, such shares of Series A Preferred Stock will no longer be deemed outstanding and all rights of the holders of
such shares will terminate, except the right to receive the redemption price. In case of any redemption of only part of the shares of the
Series A Preferred Stock at the time outstanding, the shares to be redeemed will be selected either pro rata or in such other manner as USB may determine to be fair and equitable. 
 Under the Federal Reserve Board s risk-based capital guidelines applicable to bank holding companies, any redemption of the Series A
Preferred Stock is subject to prior approval of the Federal Reserve Board. 
 7 

Rights Upon Liquidation, Dissolution or Winding Up In the event of
USB s liquidation, dissolution or winding up, the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock at the time outstanding will be entitled to receive a liquidating distribution in the amount of the liquidation preference of 100,000 per share, plus any
authorized, declared and unpaid dividends for the then-current dividend period to the date of liquidation, out of USB s assets legally available for distribution to USB s stockholders, before any distribution is made to holders of
USB s Common Stock or any Junior Stock and subject to the rights of the holders of any class or series of securities ranking senior to or on parity with the Series A Preferred Stock upon liquidation and the rights of USB s depositors and
other creditors. If the amounts available for distribution upon USB s liquidation, dissolution or winding up are not sufficient to
satisfy the full liquidation rights of all the outstanding Series A Preferred Stock and all stock ranking equal to the Series A Preferred Stock, then the holders of each series of Preferred Stock will share ratably in any distribution of assets in
proportion to the full respective preferential amount to which they are entitled. After the full amount of the liquidation preference is paid, the holders of Series A Preferred Stock will not be entitled to any further participation in any
distribution of USB s assets. For such purposes, USB s consolidation or merger with or into any other entity, the consolidation
or merger of any other entity with or into USB, or the sale of all or substantially all of USB s property or business will not be deemed to constitute USB s liquidation, dissolution or winding up. 
 Voting Rights Except as provided below, the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock will have no voting
rights. Whenever dividends on any shares of the Series A Preferred Stock or any other class or series of Parity Stock have not been
declared and paid for an amount equal to six or more quarterly dividend periods, whether consecutive or not (a Nonpayment ), the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock (together with holders of any and all other classes of USB s
authorized Preferred Stock having equivalent voting rights, whether or not the holders of such Preferred Stock would be entitled to vote for the election of directors if such default in dividends did not exist) will be entitled to vote as a single
class for the election of a total of two additional members of USB s board of directors (the Preferred Directors ), provided that the election of any such directors will not cause USB to violate the corporate governance requirement
of the New York Stock Exchange (or any other exchange on which USB s securities may be listed) that listed companies must have a majority of independent directors and provided further that USB s board of directors will at no time include
more than two Preferred Directors. In that event, the number of directors on USB s board of directors will automatically increase by two and, at the request of any holder of Series A Preferred Stock, a special meeting of the holders of Series A
Preferred Stock and any other class or series of Preferred Stock that ranks on parity with the Series A Preferred Stock as to payment of dividends and for which dividends have not been paid, will be called for the election of the two directors
(unless such request is received less than 90 days before the date fixed for the next annual or special meeting of the stockholders, in which event such election will be held at such next annual or special meeting of stockholders), followed by
such election at each subsequent annual meeting. These voting rights will continue until full dividends have been paid regularly on the shares of the Series A Preferred Stock and any other class or series of Preferred Stock that ranks on parity with
the Series A Preferred Stock as to payment of dividends for at least four consecutive dividend periods following the Nonpayment. 
 8 

If and when full dividends have been regularly paid for at least four consecutive dividend
periods following a Nonpayment on the Series A Preferred Stock and any other class or series of Parity Stock, the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock will be divested of the foregoing voting rights (subject to revesting in the event of each
subsequent Nonpayment) and the term of office of each Preferred Director so elected will terminate and the number of directors on USB s board of directors will automatically decrease by two. Any Preferred Director may be removed at any time
without cause by the holders of record of a majority of the outstanding shares of the Series A Preferred Stock (together with holders of any and all other classes of USB s authorized Preferred Stock having equivalent voting rights, whether or
not the holders of such Preferred Stock would be entitled to vote for the election of directors if such default in dividends did not exist) when they have the voting rights described above. So long as a Nonpayment continues, any vacancy in the
office of a Preferred Director (other than prior to the initial election of the Preferred Directors) may be filled by the written consent of the Preferred Director remaining in office, or if none remains in office, by a vote of the holders of the
outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock (together with holders of any and all other class of USB s authorized Preferred Stock having equivalent voting rights, whether or not the holders of such Preferred Stock would be entitled to vote
for the election of directors if such default in dividends did not exist) to serve until the next annual meeting of stockholders. The Preferred Directors will each be entitled to one vote per director on any matter. 
 If the holders of Series A Preferred Stock become entitled to vote for the election of directors, the Series A Preferred Stock may be
considered a class of voting securities under interpretations adopted by the Federal Reserve Board. As a result, certain holders of the Series A Preferred Stock may become subject to regulations under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended
(the Bank Holding Company Act and/or certain acquisitions of the Series A Preferred Stock may be subject to prior approval by the Federal Reserve Board. 
 So long as any shares of Series A Preferred Stock remain outstanding: 

the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of at least two-thirds 
of all of the shares of the Series A Preferred Stock and all other Parity Stock at the time outstanding, voting as a single class without regard to series, will be required to issue, authorize or increase the authorized amount of, or to issue or
authorize any obligation or security convertible into or evidencing the right to purchase, any class or series of stock ranking senior to the Series A Preferred Stock and all other Parity Stock with respect to payment of dividends or the
distribution of assets upon USB s liquidation, dissolution or winding up; and 

the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of at least two-thirds 
of all of the shares of the Series A Preferred Stock at the time outstanding, voting separately as a class, will be required to amend the provisions of USB s Certificate of Incorporation or the Certificate of Designations of the Series A
Preferred Stock or any other series of Preferred Stock so as to materially and adversely affect the powers, preferences, privileges or rights of the 
 9 

Series A Preferred Stock, taken as a whole; provided, however, that any increase in the amount of the authorized or issued Series A Preferred Stock or authorized Preferred Stock or the creation
and issuance, or an increase in the authorized or issued amount, of other series of Preferred Stock and/or Junior Stock will not be deemed to adversely affect the powers, preferences, privileges or rights of the Series A Preferred Stock.
 The foregoing voting provisions will not apply if, at or prior to the time when the act with respect to which such vote
would otherwise be required will be effected, all outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock have been redeemed or called for redemption upon proper notice and sufficient funds have been set aside by USB for the benefit of the holders of the
Series A Preferred Stock to effect such redemption. Series B Preferred Stock 
 General The depositary is the sole holder of the Series B Preferred Stock, as described below under the section entitled
 Description of Depositary Shares, and all references herein to the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock mean the depositary. However, the holders of depositary shares will be entitled, through the depositary, to exercise the
rights and preferences of the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock, as described below under Description of Depositary Shares. The holders of the Series B Preferred Stock have no preemptive rights with respect to any shares of
USB s capital stock or any of its other securities convertible into or carrying rights or options to purchase any such capital stock. 
 The holders of Series B Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive non-cumulative cash dividends
when, as and if declared out of assets legally available for payment of dividends. In the event USB does not declare dividends or does not pay dividends in full on the Series B Preferred Stock on any date on which dividends are due, then such unpaid
dividends will not cumulate and will no longer accrue and be payable. The Series B Preferred Stock is perpetual and will not be
convertible into shares of USB s Common Stock or any other class or series of USB s capital stock, and will not be subject to any sinking fund or other obligation for their repurchase or retirement. 
 Rank With respect to the payment of dividends and amounts upon liquidation, the Series B Preferred Stock ranks equally
with the Series A Preferred Stock, the Series J Preferred Stock, the Series K Preferred Stock, the Series L Preferred Stock, the Series M Preferred Stock, the Series N Preferred Stock and the Series O Preferred Stock and with any future class
or series of USB s capital stock that ranks on a par with the Series B Preferred Stock in the payment of dividends and in the distribution of assets on USB s liquidation, dissolution or winding up. With respect to the payment of dividends
and amounts upon liquidation, the Series B Preferred Stock ranks senior to USB s Common Stock and any other future class or series of USB s capital stock over which the Series B Preferred Stock has preference or priority in the payment of
dividends or in the distribution of assets on USB s liquidation, dissolution or winding up. USB may not issue any class of series of capital stock having a preference or priority in the payment of dividends or in the distribution of assets on
USB s liquidation, dissolution or winding up over the Series B Preferred Stock without the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of at least 66-2/3 of all of the shares of the Series B
Preferred Stock and all other Parity Stock, at the time outstanding, voting as a single class without regard to series. 
 10 

In particular, during a dividend period and subject to certain exceptions, no dividend will
be paid or declared and no distribution will be made on any Junior Stock, other than a dividend payable solely in Junior Stock, no shares of Junior Stock may be repurchased, redeemed or otherwise acquired for consideration by USB, directly or
indirectly (other than as a result of reclassification of Junior Stock for or into Junior Stock, or the exchange or conversion of one share of Junior Stock for or into another share of Junior Stock, and other than through the use of the proceeds of
a substantially contemporaneous sale of other shares of Junior Stock), nor will any monies be paid to or made available for a sinking fund for the redemption of any such securities by USB, and no shares of Parity Stock may be purchased, redeemed or
otherwise acquired for consideration by USB otherwise than pursuant to pro rata offers to purchase all, or a pro rata portion, of the Series B Preferred Stock and such Parity Stock except by conversion into or exchange for Junior Stock, unless full
dividends for such dividend period on all outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock have been paid or declared and a sum sufficient for the payment thereof set aside. 
 Dividends Dividends on shares of the Series B Preferred Stock will not be mandatory. Holders of Series B
Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by USB s board of directors or a duly authorized committee of the board, out of assets legally available for the payment of dividends under Delaware law, non-cumulative cash dividends payable quarterly in arrears on each January 15, April 15, July 15 or October 15 (or, if such day is not a business day, the next business day). Dividends on each
share of Series B Preferred Stock will accrue on the liquidation preference amount of 25,000 per share at a rate per annum equal to the greater of (1) three-month LIBOR (computed as provided below) plus 0.60 2 or (2) 3.50 . In the case that any date on which dividends are payable on the Series B Preferred Stock is not a business day, then payment of the dividend payable on that date will be made on
the next succeeding day that is a business day. However, no interest or other payment will be paid in respect of the delay. The record date for payment of dividends on the Series B Preferred Stock will be the last day of the immediately preceding
calendar month during which the dividend payment date falls. The amount of dividends payable for any dividend period will be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year and the number of days actually elapsed.
For purposes of the Series B Preferred Stock, the term business day means each Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday or Friday on which banking institutions are not authorized or obligated by law, regulation or executive order to close in
New York, New York. 

2 
 The publication of the most commonly used U.S. dollar LIBOR settings, including
 3-month LIBOR, will cease to be provided or representative after June 30, 2023. The LIBOR Act, enacted in March 2022, provides a statutory framework to replace certain U.S. dollar LIBOR settings with a
benchmark rate based on SOFR for contracts governed by U.S. law that do not contain clearly defined or practicable benchmark replacement provisions. Accordingly, this LIBOR-based rate (including the spread) will transition pursuant to the LIBOR Act
to CME term SOFR plus the designated spread adjustment on the designated benchmark replacement date. 
 11 

For any dividend period, three-month LIBOR will be determined by the calculation agent on
the second London Banking Day immediately preceding the first day of such dividend period in the following manner: 

Three-month LIBOR will be the offered rate per annum for three-month deposits in U.S. dollars, beginning on
the first day of such period, as that rate appears on Moneyline Telerate Page 3750 as of 11:00 A.M., London time, on the second London Banking Day immediately preceding the first day of such dividend period. 

If the rate described above does not appear on Moneyline Telerate page 3750, three-month LIBOR will be
determined on the basis of the rates, at approximately 11:00 A.M., London time, on the second London Banking Day immediately preceding the first day of such dividend period, at which deposits of the following kind are offered to prime banks in
the London interbank market by four major banks in that market selected by USB: three-month deposits in U.S. dollars, beginning on the first day of such dividend period, and in a principal amount of not less than 1,000,000. The calculation
agent will request the principal London office of each of these banks to provide a quotation of its rate. If at least two quotations are provided, three-month LIBOR for the second London Banking Day immediately preceding the first day of such
dividend period will be the arithmetic mean of the quotations. 

If fewer than two quotations are provided as described above, three-month LIBOR for the second London Banking Day
immediately preceding the first day of such dividend period will be the arithmetic mean of the rates for loans of the following kind to leading European banks quoted, at approximately 11:00 A.M. New York City time on the second London Banking
Day immediately preceding the first day of such dividend period, by three major banks in New York City selected by USB: three-month loans of U.S. dollars, beginning on the first day of such dividend period, and in a principal amount of not less
than 1,000,000. 

If fewer than three banks selected by USB are quoting as described above, three-month LIBOR for the new dividend
period will be three-month LIBOR in effect for the prior dividend period. The calculation agent s establishment of
three-month LIBOR and calculation of the amount of dividends for each dividend period will be on file at USB s principal offices, will be made available to any holder of Series B Preferred Stock upon request and will be final and binding in the
absence of manifest error. The term Moneyline Telerate Page means the display on Moneyline Telerate, Inc., or any successor
service, on the page or pages referred to above or any replacement page or pages on that service. The right of holders of the Series B
Preferred Stock to receive dividends is non-cumulative. If USB s board of directors does not declare a dividend on the Series B Preferred Stock or declares less than a full dividend in respect of any
dividend period, the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock will have no right to receive any dividend or a full dividend, as the case may be, for that dividend period, and USB will have no obligation to pay a dividend or to pay full dividends for
that dividend period, whether or not dividends are declared and paid for any future dividend period with respect to the Series B Preferred Stock, Parity Stock, Junior Stock or any other class or series of USB s authorized Preferred Stock. 
 12 

When dividends are not paid in full upon the Series B Preferred Stock and any other Parity
Stock, dividends upon that stock will be declared on a proportional basis so that the amount of dividends declared per share will bear to each other the same ratio that accrued dividends for the current dividend period per share on the Series B
Preferred Stock, and accrued dividends, including any accumulations, on such Parity Stock, bear to each other. No interest will be payable in respect of any dividend payment on the Series B Preferred Stock that may be in arrears. 
 Redemption The Series B Preferred Stock is not subject to any mandatory redemption, sinking fund or other similar
provisions. The Series B Preferred Stock is redeemable at USB s option, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to
 25,000 per share, plus any declared and unpaid dividends, without accumulation of any undeclared dividends. If shares of the
Series B Preferred Stock are to be redeemed, the notice of redemption will be given by first class mail to the holders of record of the Series B Preferred Stock to be redeemed, mailed not less than 30 days nor more than 60 days
prior to the date fixed for redemption thereof (provided that, if the depositary shares representing the Series B Preferred Stock are held in book-entry form through DTC, USB may give such notice in any manner permitted by the DTC). Each notice
of redemption will include a statement setting forth: (i) the redemption date, (ii) the number of shares of the Series B Preferred Stock to be redeemed and, if less than all the shares held by such holder are to be redeemed, the
number of such shares to be redeemed from such holder, (iii) the redemption price, (iv) the place or places where the certificates evidencing shares of Series B Preferred Stock are to be surrendered for payment of the redemption price
and (v) that dividends on the shares to be redeemed will cease to accrue on the redemption date. If notice of redemption of any shares of Series B Preferred Stock has been duly given and if the funds necessary for such redemption have been
set aside by USB for the benefit of the holders of any shares of Series B Preferred Stock so called for redemption, then, on and after the redemption date, dividends will cease to accrue on such shares of Series B Preferred Stock, such
shares of Series B Preferred Stock will no longer be deemed outstanding and all rights of the holders of such shares will terminate, except the right to receive the redemption price. 
 In case of any redemption of only part of the shares of the Series B Preferred Stock at the time outstanding, the shares to be redeemed
will be selected either pro rata or in such other manner as USB may determine to be fair and equitable. Under the Federal
Reserve Board s risk-based capital guidelines applicable to bank holding companies, any redemption of the Series B Preferred Stock is subject to prior approval of the Federal Reserve Board. 
 13 

Additionally, the Series B Preferred Stock is subject to a Replacement Capital
Covenant, which will limit USB s right to redeem the Series B Preferred Stock. In the Replacement Capital Covenant, USB covenants to redeem or repurchase shares of Series B Preferred Stock only if and to the extent that (a) the total
redemption or repurchase price is equal to or less than the sum, as of the date of redemption or repurchase, of (i) 133.33 of the aggregate net cash proceeds USB or its subsidiaries have received during the 180 days prior to such date from the
issuance and sale of Common Stock plus (ii) 100 of the aggregate net cash proceeds USB or its subsidiaries have received during the 180 days prior to such date from the issuance of certain other specified securities that (A) have equity-like
characteristics that satisfy the requirements of the Replacement Capital Covenant, which means generally that such other securities have characteristics that are the same as, or more equity-like than, the applicable characteristics of the Series B
Preferred Stock at that time, and (B) qualify as tier 1 capital of USB under the risk-based capital guidelines of the Federal Reserve Board; and (b) USB has obtained the prior approval of the Federal Reserve Board, if such approval is then
required by the Federal Reserve Board. Rights Upon Liquidation, Dissolution or Winding Up In the event of USB s
liquidation, dissolution or winding up, the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock at the time outstanding will be entitled to receive a liquidating distribution in the amount of the liquidation preference of 25,000 per share, plus any authorized,
declared and unpaid dividends for the then-current dividend period to the date of liquidation, out of USB s assets legally available for distribution to USB s stockholders, before any distribution is made to holders of USB s Common
Stock or any Junior Stock and subject to the rights of the holders of any class or series of securities ranking senior to or on parity with the Series B Preferred Stock upon liquidation and the rights of USB s depositors and other creditors.
 If the amounts available for distribution upon USB s liquidation, dissolution or winding up are not sufficient to satisfy the full
liquidation rights of all the outstanding Series B Preferred Stock and all stock ranking equal to the Series B Preferred Stock, then the holders of each series of Preferred Stock will share ratably in any distribution of assets in proportion to the
full respective preferential amount to which they are entitled. After the full amount of the liquidation preference is paid, the holders of Series B Preferred Stock will not be entitled to any further participation in any distribution of USB s
assets. For such purposes, USB s consolidation or merger with or into any other entity, the consolidation or merger of any other
entity with or into USB, or the sale of all or substantially all of USB s property or business will not be deemed to constitute USB s liquidation, dissolution or winding up. 
 Voting Rights Except as provided below, the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock will have no voting rights. 
 Whenever dividends on any shares of the Series B Preferred Stock or any other class or series of Parity Stock have not been declared and paid
for an amount equal to six or more quarterly dividend periods, whether consecutive or not, the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock (together with holders of any and all other classes of USB s authorized Preferred Stock
 
 14 

having equivalent voting rights, whether or not the holders of such Preferred Stock would be entitled to vote for the election of directors if such default in dividends did not exist) will be
entitled to vote as a single class for the election of a total of two additional members of USB s board of directors, provided that the election of any such directors will not cause USB to violate the corporate governance requirement of the New
York Stock Exchange (or any other exchange on which USB s securities may be listed) that listed companies must have a majority of independent directors and provided further that USB s board of directors will at no time include more than
two Preferred Directors. In that event, the number of directors on USB s board of directors will automatically increase by two and, at the request of any holder of Series B Preferred Stock, a special meeting of the holders of Series B Preferred
Stock and any other class or series of Preferred Stock that ranks on parity with the Series B Preferred Stock as to payment of dividends and for which dividends have not been paid, will be called for the election of the two directors (unless such
request is received less than 90 days before the date fixed for the next annual or special meeting of the stockholders, in which event such election will be held at such next annual or special meeting of stockholders), followed by such election
at each subsequent annual meeting. These voting rights will continue until full dividends have been paid regularly on the shares of the Series B Preferred Stock and any other class or series of Preferred Stock that ranks on parity with the Series B
Preferred Stock as to payment of dividends for at least four consecutive dividend periods following the Nonpayment. If and when full
dividends have been regularly paid for at least four consecutive dividend periods following a Nonpayment on the Series B Preferred Stock and any other class or series of Parity Stock, the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock will be divested of
the foregoing voting rights (subject to revesting in the event of each subsequent Nonpayment) and the term of office of each Preferred Director so elected will terminate and the number of directors on USB s board of directors will automatically
decrease by two. Any Preferred Director may be removed at any time without cause by the holders of record of a majority of the outstanding shares of the Series B Preferred Stock (together with holders of any and all other classes of USB s
authorized Preferred Stock having equivalent voting rights, whether or not the holders of such Preferred Stock would be entitled to vote for the election of directors if such default in dividends did not exist) when they have the voting rights
described above. So long as a Nonpayment continues, any vacancy in the office of a Preferred Director (other than prior to the initial election of the Preferred Directors) may be filled by the written consent of the Preferred Director remaining in
office, or if none remains in office, by a vote of the holders of the outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock (together with holders of any and all other class of USB s authorized Preferred Stock having equivalent voting rights, whether
or not the holders of such Preferred Stock would be entitled to vote for the election of directors if such default in dividends did not exist) to serve until the next annual meeting of stockholders. The Preferred Directors will each be entitled to
one vote per director on any matter. If the holders of Series B Preferred Stock become entitled to vote for the election of directors,
the Series B Preferred Stock may be considered a class of voting securities under interpretations adopted by the Federal Reserve Board. As a result, certain holders of the Series B Preferred Stock may become subject to regulations under the Bank
Holding Company Act and/or certain acquisitions of the Series B Preferred Stock may be subject to prior approval by the Federal Reserve Board. 
 15 

So long as any shares of Series B Preferred Stock remain outstanding: 

the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of at least two-thirds 
of all of the shares of the Series B Preferred Stock and all other Parity Stock at the time outstanding, voting as a single class without regard to series, will be required to issue, authorize or increase the authorized amount of, or to issue or
authorize any obligation or security convertible into or evidencing the right to purchase, any class or series of stock ranking senior to the Series B Preferred Stock and all other Parity Stock with respect to payment of dividends or the
distribution of assets upon USB s liquidation, dissolution or winding up; and 

the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of at least two-thirds 
of all of the shares of the Series B Preferred Stock at the time outstanding, voting separately as a class, will be required to amend the provisions of USB s Certificate of Incorporation or the Certificate of Designations of the Series B
Preferred Stock or any other series of Preferred Stock so as to materially and adversely affect the powers, preferences, privileges or rights of the Series B Preferred Stock, taken as a whole; provided, however, that any increase in the amount of
the authorized or issued Series B Preferred Stock or authorized Preferred Stock or the creation and issuance, or an increase in the authorized or issued amount, of other series of Preferred Stock and/or Junior Stock will not be deemed to adversely
affect the powers, preferences, privileges or rights of the Series B Preferred Stock. The foregoing voting provisions
will not apply if, at or prior to the time when the act with respect to which such vote would otherwise be required will be effected, all outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock have been redeemed or called for redemption upon proper notice
and sufficient funds have been set aside by USB for the benefit of the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock to effect such redemption. 
 Series J Preferred Stock 
 General The depositary is the sole holder of the Series J Preferred Stock, as described below under the section entitled
 Description of Depositary Shares, and all references herein to the holders of the Series J Preferred Stock mean the depositary. However, the holders of depositary shares will be entitled, through the depositary, to exercise the
rights and preferences of the holders of the Series J Preferred Stock, as described below under Description of Depositary Shares. The holders of the Series J Preferred Stock have no preemptive rights with respect to any shares of
USB s capital stock or any of its other securities convertible into or carrying rights or options to purchase any such capital stock. 
 The holders of Series J Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive non-cumulative cash dividends
when, as and if declared out of assets legally available for payment of dividends. In the event USB does not declare dividends or does not pay dividends in full on the Series J Preferred Stock on any date on which dividends are due, then such unpaid
dividends will not cumulate and will no longer accrue and be payable. 
 16 

The Series J Preferred Stock is perpetual and will not be convertible into shares of
USB s Common Stock or any other class or series of USB s capital stock, and will not be subject to any sinking fund or other obligation for their repurchase or retirement. 
 Rank With respect to the payment of dividends and amounts upon liquidation, the Series J Preferred Stock ranks equally
with the Series A Preferred Stock, the Series B Preferred Stock, the Series K Preferred Stock, the Series L Preferred Stock, the Series M Preferred Stock, the Series N Preferred Stock and the Series O Preferred Stock and with any future class
or series of USB s capital stock that ranks on a par with the Series J Preferred Stock in the payment of dividends and in the distribution of assets on USB s liquidation, dissolution or winding up. With respect to the payment of dividends
and amounts upon liquidation, the Series J Preferred Stock ranks senior to USB s Common Stock and any other future class or series of USB s capital stock over which the Series J Preferred Stock has preference or priority in the payment of
dividends or in the distribution of assets on USB s liquidation, dissolution or winding up. USB may not issue any class of series of capital stock having a preference or priority in the payment of dividends or in the distribution of assets on
USB s liquidation, dissolution or winding up over the Series J Preferred Stock without the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of at least 66-2/3 of all of the shares of the Series J
Preferred Stock and all other Parity Stock, at the time outstanding, voting as a single class without regard to series. In particular,
during a dividend period and subject to certain exceptions, no dividend will be paid or declared and no distribution will be made on any Junior Stock, other than a dividend payable solely in Junior Stock, no shares of Junior Stock may be
repurchased, redeemed or otherwise acquired for consideration by USB, directly or indirectly (other than as a result of reclassification of Junior Stock for or into Junior Stock, or the exchange or conversion of one share of Junior Stock for or into
another share of Junior Stock, and other than through the use of the proceeds of a substantially contemporaneous sale of other shares of Junior Stock), nor will any monies be paid to or made available for a sinking fund for the redemption of any
such securities by USB, and no shares of Parity Stock may be purchased, redeemed or otherwise acquired for consideration by USB otherwise than pursuant to pro rata offers to purchase all, or a pro rata portion, of the Series J Preferred Stock and
such Parity Stock except by conversion into or exchange for Junior Stock, unless full dividends for such dividend period on all outstanding shares of Series J Preferred Stock have been paid or declared and a sum sufficient for the payment thereof
set aside. Dividends Dividends on shares of the Series J Preferred Stock will not be mandatory. Holders of
Series J Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by USB s board of directors or a duly authorized committee of the board, out of assets legally available for the payment of dividends under Delaware law, non-cumulative cash dividends. Dividends on each share of Series J Preferred Stock will accrue on the liquidation preference amount of 25,000 per share at a rate per annum equal to (1) from the
date of issuance of the Series J Preferred Stock to but excluding April 15, 2027 at a rate per annum equal to 5.300 payable semi-annually in arrears on each April 15 and October 15, through and including, April 15,
2027 and (2) from and including April 15, 2027, at a rate per annum equal to three-month LIBOR 
 17 

(computed as provided below) plus 2.914 3 payable quarterly in arrears on each January 15, April 15, July 15 and
October 15, commencing on July 15, 2027. In the case that any date or on prior April 15, 2027 on which dividends are payable on the Series J Preferred Stock is not a business day, then payment of the dividend payable on that date will
be made on the next succeeding day that is a business day, without any interest or other payment in respect of such delay, and if any date after April 15, 2027 on which dividends otherwise would be payable is not a business day, then payment of
any dividend otherwise payable on that date will be made on the next succeeding business day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case payment of any dividend otherwise payable on that date will be the immediately preceding
business day, and dividends will accrue to the actual payment date. The record date for payment of dividends on the Series J Preferred Stock will be the last day of the immediately preceding calendar month during which the dividend payment date
falls. The amount of dividends payable for any period prior to April 15, 2027 will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months and
dividends for periods thereafter will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year and the actual number of days elapsed. For purposes of the Series J Preferred Stock, the term business day means,
for dividend periods prior to April 15, 2027, each Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday or Friday on which banking institutions are not authorized or obligated by law, regulation or executive order to close in New York, New York, and for
dividend periods on and after April 15, 2027, it means any date that would be considered a Business Day for dividend periods prior to April 15, 2027 that is also a London Banking Day. Dividends on the Series J Preferred Stock will not be
declared, paid or set aside for payment to the extent such act would cause USB to fail to comply with any applicable laws and regulations, including applicable capital adequacy guidelines. 
 For any dividend period beginning on or after April 15, 2027, three-month LIBOR will be determined by the calculation agent on the second
London Banking Day immediately preceding the first day of such dividend period in the following manner: 

Three-month LIBOR will be the offered rate per annum for three-month deposits in U.S. dollars, beginning
on the first day of such period, as that rate appears on the Designated LIBOR Page as of 11:00 A.M., London time, on the second London Banking Day immediately preceding the first day of such dividend period. 

If the rate described above does not appear on the Designated LIBOR Page, three-month LIBOR will be determined
on the basis of the rates at which deposits in U.S. dollars for a three-month period commencing on the first day of that dividend period and in a principal amount of not less than 1,000,000 are offered to prime banks in the London interbank market
by four major banks in the London interbank market selected by USB, at approximately 11:00 a.m. (London time), on the second London banking day preceding the first day of that dividend period. The calculation agent will request the principal London
office of each of such banks to provide a quotation of its rate. If at least two such quotations are provided, three-month LIBOR with respect to that dividend period will be the arithmetic mean of such quotations. 

3 
 The publication of the most commonly used U.S. dollar LIBOR settings, including
 3-month LIBOR, will cease to be provided or representative after June 30, 2023. The LIBOR Act, enacted in March 2022, provides a statutory framework to replace certain U.S. dollar LIBOR settings with a
benchmark rate based on SOFR for contracts governed by U.S. law that do not contain clearly defined or practicable benchmark replacement provisions. Accordingly, this LIBOR-based rate (including the spread) will transition pursuant to the LIBOR Act
to CME term SOFR plus the designated spread adjustment on the designated benchmark replacement date. 
 18 

If fewer than two quotations are provided as described above, three-month LIBOR will be the arithmetic mean of
the rates quoted by three major banks in New York, New York, selected by the calculation agent, at approximately 11:00 a.m. (New York City time), on the first day of that dividend period for loans in U.S. dollars to leading European banks for a
three-month period commencing on the first day of that dividend period and in a principal amount of not less than 1,000,000. 

If fewer than three banks are not quoting as described above, three-month LIBOR for the new dividend period
will be three-month LIBOR in effect for the prior dividend period or, in the case of the first dividend period beginning on or after April 15, 2027 , the most recent rate that could have been determined had the dividend rate been a floating
rate during the period prior to April 15, 2027. The calculation agent s establishment of three-month LIBOR
and calculation of the amount of dividends for each dividend period will be on file at USB s principal offices, will be made available to any holder of Series J Preferred Stock upon request and will be final and binding in the absence of
manifest error. The term Designated LIBOR Page means the display on Bloomberg Page BBAM (or any successor or substitute page
of such service, or any successor to such service selected by USB), for the purpose of displaying the London interbank offered rates for U.S. dollars. 
 The right of holders of the Series J Preferred Stock to receive dividends is non-cumulative. If
USB s board of directors does not declare a dividend on the Series J Preferred Stock or declares less than a full dividend in respect of any dividend period, the holders of the Series J Preferred Stock will have no right to receive any dividend
or a full dividend, as the case may be, for that dividend period, and USB will have no obligation to pay a dividend or to pay full dividends for that dividend period, whether or not dividends are declared and paid for any future dividend period with
respect to the Series J Preferred Stock, Parity Stock, Junior Stock or any other class or series of USB s authorized Preferred Stock. 
 When dividends are not paid in full upon the Series J Preferred Stock and any other Parity Stock, dividends upon that stock will be declared
on a proportional basis so that the amount of dividends declared per share will bear to each other the same ratio that accrued dividends for the current dividend period per share on the Series J Preferred Stock, and accrued dividends, including any
accumulations, on such Parity Stock, bear to each other. No interest will be payable in respect of any dividend payment on the Series J Preferred Stock that may be in arrears. 
 19 

Redemption The Series J Preferred Stock is not subject to any mandatory
redemption, sinking fund or other similar provision. The Series J Preferred Stock will be redeemable at USB s option, in whole or in
part, at any time on or after April 15, 2027 at a redemption price equal to 25,000 per share, plus any declared and unpaid dividends, without accumulation of any undeclared dividends. 
 In addition, within 90 days following the occurrence of a Regulatory Capital Treatment Event, USB, at its option, subject to the approval of
the Appropriate Federal Banking Agency, may redeem, at any time, all (but not less than all) of the shares of Series J Preferred Stock at the time outstanding, at a redemption price equal to 25,000 per share, plus any declared and unpaid
dividends, without accumulation of any undeclared dividends. For purposes of the Series J Preferred Stock, Regulatory Capital Treatment Event means the good faith determination by USB that, as a result of (i) any amendment to, or
change in, the laws or regulations of the United States or any political subdivision of or in the United States that is enacted or becomes effective after the initial issuance of any share of Series J Preferred Stock, (ii) any proposed change
in those laws or regulations that is announced after the initial issuance of any share of Series J Preferred Stock, or (iii) any official administrative decision or judicial decision or administrative action or other official pronouncement
interpreting or applying those laws or regulations that is announced after the initial issuance of any share of Series J Preferred Stock, there is more than an insubstantial risk that USB will not be entitled to treat the full liquidation value of
the shares of Series J Preferred Stock then outstanding as additional tier 1 capital (or its equivalent) for purposes of the capital adequacy guidelines of the Federal Reserve Board (or, as and if applicable, the capital adequacy
guidelines or regulations of any successor Appropriate Federal Banking Agency), as then in effect and applicable, for as long as any share of Series J Preferred Stock is outstanding. 
 If shares of the Series J Preferred Stock are to be redeemed, the notice of redemption will be given by first class mail to the holders of
record of the Series J Preferred Stock to be redeemed, mailed not less than 30 days nor more than 60 days prior to the date fixed for redemption thereof (provided that, if the depositary shares representing the Series J Preferred Stock are
held in book-entry form through DTC, USB may give such notice in any manner permitted by the DTC). Each notice of redemption will include a statement setting forth: (i) the redemption date, (ii) the number of shares of the Series J
Preferred Stock to be redeemed and, if less than all the shares held by such holder are to be redeemed, the number of such shares to be redeemed from such holder, (iii) the redemption price, (iv) the place or places where the certificates
evidencing shares of Series J Preferred Stock are to be surrendered for payment of the redemption price and (v) that dividends on the shares to be redeemed will cease to accrue on the redemption date. If notice of redemption of any shares of
Series J Preferred Stock has been duly given and if the funds necessary for such redemption have been set aside by USB for the benefit of the holders of any shares of Series J Preferred Stock so called for redemption, then, on and after the
redemption date, dividends will cease to accrue on such shares of Series J Preferred Stock, such shares of Series J Preferred Stock will no longer be deemed outstanding and all rights of the holders of such shares will terminate, except the right to
receive the redemption price. In case of any redemption of only part of the shares of the Series J Preferred Stock at the time
outstanding, the shares to be redeemed will be selected either pro rata or in such other manner as USB may determine to be fair and equitable. 
 Under the Federal Reserve Board s risk-based capital guidelines applicable to bank holding companies, any redemption of the Series J
Preferred Stock is subject to prior approval of the Federal Reserve Board. 
 20 

Rights Upon Liquidation, Dissolution or Winding Up In the event of
USB s liquidation, dissolution or winding up, the holders of the Series J Preferred Stock at the time outstanding will be entitled to receive a liquidating distribution in the amount of the liquidation preference of 25,000 per share, plus any
authorized, declared and unpaid dividends for the then-current dividend period to the date of liquidation, out of USB s assets legally available for distribution to USB s stockholders, before any distribution is made to holders of
USB s Common Stock or any Junior Stock and subject to the rights of the holders of any class or series of securities ranking senior to or on parity with the Series J Preferred Stock upon liquidation and the rights of USB s depositors and
other creditors. If the amounts available for distribution upon USB s liquidation, dissolution or winding up are not sufficient to
satisfy the full liquidation rights of all the outstanding Series J Preferred Stock and all stock ranking equal to the Series J Preferred Stock, then the holders of each series of Preferred Stock will share ratably in any distribution of assets in
proportion to the full respective preferential amount to which they are entitled. After the full amount of the liquidation preference is paid, the holders of Series J Preferred Stock will not be entitled to any further participation in any
distribution of USB s assets. For such purposes, USB s consolidation or merger with or into any other entity, the consolidation
or merger of any other entity with or into USB, or the sale of all or substantially all of USB s property or business will not be deemed to constitute USB s liquidation, dissolution or winding up. 
 Voting Rights Except as provided below, the holders of the Series J Preferred Stock will have no voting rights. 
 Whenever dividends on any shares of the Series J Preferred Stock or any other class or series of Parity Stock have not been declared and paid
for an amount equal to six or more quarterly dividend periods (whether consecutive or not) or their equivalent, the holders of the Series J Preferred Stock (together with holders of any and all other classes of USB s authorized Preferred Stock
having equivalent voting rights, whether or not the holders of such Preferred Stock would be entitled to vote for the election of directors if such default in dividends did not exist) will be entitled to vote as a single class for the election of a
total of two additional members of USB s board of directors, provided that the election of any such directors will not cause USB to violate the corporate governance requirement of the New York Stock Exchange (or any other exchange on which
USB s securities may be listed) that listed companies must have a majority of independent directors and provided further that USB s board of directors will at no time include more than two Preferred Directors. In that event, the number of
directors on USB s board of directors will automatically increase by two and, at the request of any holder of Series J Preferred Stock, a special meeting of the holders of Series J Preferred Stock and any other class or series of Preferred
Stock that ranks on parity with the Series J Preferred Stock as to payment 
 21 

of dividends and for which dividends have not been paid, will be called for the election of the two directors (unless such request is received less than 90 days before the date fixed for the
next annual or special meeting of the stockholders, in which event such election will be held at such next annual or special meeting of stockholders), followed by such election at each subsequent annual meeting. These voting rights will continue
until full dividends have been paid regularly on the shares of the Series J Preferred Stock and any other class or series of Preferred Stock that ranks on parity with the Series J Preferred Stock as to payment of dividends for at least four
consecutive quarterly dividend periods or their equivalent following the Nonpayment. If and when full dividends have been regularly paid
for at least four consecutive quarterly dividend periods or their equivalent following a Nonpayment on the Series J Preferred Stock and any other class or series of Parity Stock, the holders of the Series J Preferred Stock will be divested of the
foregoing voting rights (subject to revesting in the event of each subsequent Nonpayment) and the term of office of each Preferred Director so elected will terminate and the number of directors on USB s board of directors will automatically
decrease by two. Any Preferred Director may be removed at any time without cause by the holders of record of a majority of the outstanding shares of the Series J Preferred Stock (together with holders of any and all other classes of USB s
authorized Preferred Stock having equivalent voting rights, whether or not the holders of such Preferred Stock would be entitled to vote for the election of directors if such default in dividends did not exist) when they have the voting rights
described above. So long as a Nonpayment continues, any vacancy in the office of a Preferred Director (other than prior to the initial election of the Preferred Directors) may be filled by the written consent of the Preferred Director remaining in
office, or if none remains in office, by a vote of the holders of the outstanding shares of Series J Preferred Stock (together with holders of any and all other class of USB s authorized Preferred Stock having equivalent voting rights, whether
or not the holders of such Preferred Stock would be entitled to vote for the election of directors if such default in dividends did not exist) to serve until the next annual meeting of stockholders. The Preferred Directors will each be entitled to
one vote per director on any matter. If the holders of Series J Preferred Stock become entitled to vote for the election of Preferred
Directors, the Series J Preferred Stock may be considered a class of voting securities under interpretations adopted by the Federal Reserve Board. As a result, certain holders of the Series J Preferred Stock may become subject to regulations under
the Bank Holding Company Act and/or certain acquisitions of the Series J Preferred Stock may be subject to prior approval by the Federal Reserve Board. 
 So long as any shares of Series J Preferred Stock remain outstanding: 

the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of at least two-thirds 
of all of the shares of the Series J Preferred Stock and all other Parity Stock at the time outstanding, voting as a single class without regard to series, will be required to issue, authorize or increase the authorized amount of, or to issue or
authorize any obligation or security convertible into or evidencing the right to purchase, any class or series of stock ranking senior to the Series J Preferred Stock and all other Parity Stock with respect to payment of dividends or the
distribution of assets upon USB s liquidation, dissolution or winding up; and 
 22 

the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of at least two-thirds 
of all of the shares of the Series J Preferred Stock at the time outstanding, voting separately as a class, will be required to amend the provisions of USB s Certificate of Incorporation or the Certificate of Designations of the Series J
Preferred Stock or any other series of Preferred Stock so as to materially and adversely affect the powers, preferences, privileges or rights of the Series J Preferred Stock, taken as a whole; provided, however, that any increase in the amount of
the authorized or issued Series J Preferred Stock or authorized Preferred Stock or the creation and issuance, or an increase in the authorized or issued amount, of other series of Preferred Stock and/or Junior Stock will not be deemed to adversely
affect the powers, preferences, privileges or rights of the Series J Preferred Stock. The foregoing voting provisions
will not apply if, at or prior to the time when the act with respect to which such vote would otherwise be required will be effected, all outstanding shares of Series J Preferred Stock have been redeemed or called for redemption upon proper notice
and sufficient funds have been set aside by USB for the benefit of the holders of the Series J Preferred Stock to effect such redemption. 
 Series K Preferred Stock 
 General The depositary is the sole holder of the Series K Preferred Stock, as described below under the section entitled
 Description of Depositary Shares, and all references herein to the holders of the Series K Preferred Stock mean the depositary. However, the holders of depositary shares will be entitled, through the depositary, to exercise the
rights and preferences of the holders of the Series K Preferred Stock, as described below under Description of Depositary Shares. The holders of the Series K Preferred Stock have no preemptive rights with respect to any shares of
USB s capital stock or any of its other securities convertible into or carrying rights or options to purchase any such capital stock. 
 The holders of Series K Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive non-cumulative cash dividends
when, as and if declared out of assets legally available for payment of dividends. In the event USB does not declare dividends or does not pay dividends in full on the Series K Preferred Stock on any date on which dividends are due, then such unpaid
dividends will not cumulate and will no longer accrue and be payable. The Series K Preferred Stock is perpetual and will not be
convertible into shares of USB s Common Stock or any other class or series of USB s capital stock, and will not be subject to any sinking fund or other obligation for their repurchase or retirement. 
 Rank With respect to the payment of dividends and amounts upon liquidation, the Series K Preferred Stock ranks equally
with the Series A Preferred Stock, the Series B Preferred Stock, the Series J Preferred Stock, the Series L Preferred Stock, the Series M Preferred Stock, the Series N Preferred Stock and the Series O Preferred Stock and with any future class
or series of USB s capital stock that ranks on a par with the Series K Preferred Stock in the payment of dividends and in the distribution of assets on USB s liquidation, dissolution or winding up. With respect to the payment of dividends
and amounts upon liquidation, the Series K Preferred Stock ranks senior to USB s Common Stock and any other future class or series of USB s capital stock 
 23 

over which the Series K Preferred Stock has preference or priority in the payment of dividends or in the distribution of assets on USB s liquidation, dissolution or winding up. USB may not
issue any class of series of capital stock having a preference or priority in the payment of dividends or in the distribution of assets on USB s liquidation, dissolution or winding up over the Series K Preferred Stock without the affirmative
vote or consent of the holders of at least 66-2/3 of all of the shares of the Series K Preferred Stock and all other Parity Stock, at the time outstanding, voting as a single class without regard to
series. In particular, during a dividend period and subject to certain exceptions, no dividend will be paid or declared and no
distribution will be made on any Junior Stock, other than a dividend payable solely in Junior Stock, no shares of Junior Stock may be repurchased, redeemed or otherwise acquired for consideration by USB, directly or indirectly (other than as a
result of reclassification of Junior Stock for or into Junior Stock, or the exchange or conversion of one share of Junior Stock for or into another share of Junior Stock, and other than through the use of the proceeds of a substantially
contemporaneous sale of other shares of Junior Stock), nor will any monies be paid to or made available for a sinking fund for the redemption of any such securities by USB, and no shares of Parity Stock may be purchased, redeemed or otherwise
acquired for consideration by USB otherwise than pursuant to pro rata offers to purchase all, or a pro rata portion, of the Series K Preferred Stock and such Parity Stock except by conversion into or exchange for Junior Stock, unless full dividends
for such dividend period on all outstanding shares of Series K Preferred Stock have been paid or declared and a sum sufficient for the payment thereof set aside. 
 Dividends Dividends on shares of the Series K Preferred Stock will not be mandatory. Holders of Series K Preferred
Stock will be entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by USB s board of directors or a duly authorized committee of the board, out of assets legally available for the payment of dividends under Delaware law,
 non-cumulative cash dividends. Dividends on each share of Series K Preferred Stock will accrue on the liquidation preference amount of 25,000 per share at a rate per annum equal to 5.50 
payable quarterly in arrears on each January 15, April 15, July 15 and October 15. If any day on which dividends are payable on the Series K Preferred Stock is not a business day, then payment of the dividend payable on that date will
be made on the next succeeding day that is a business day, without any interest or other payment in respect of such delay. The record date for payment of dividends on the Series K Preferred Stock will be the last day of the immediately preceding
calendar month during which the dividend payment date falls. The amount of dividends payable for any period will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve
 30-day months. For purposes of the Series K Preferred Stock, the term business day means each Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday or Friday on which banking institutions are not authorized or
obligated by law, regulation or executive order to close in New York, New York. Dividends on the Series K Preferred Stock will not be declared, paid or set aside for payment to the extent such act would cause USB to fail to comply with any
applicable laws and regulations, including applicable capital adequacy guidelines. 
 24 

The right of holders of the Series K Preferred Stock to receive dividends is non-cumulative. If USB s board of directors does not declare a dividend on the Series K Preferred Stock or declares less than a full dividend in respect of any dividend period, the holders of the Series K
Preferred Stock will have no right to receive any dividend or a full dividend, as the case may be, for that dividend period, and USB will have no obligation to pay a dividend or to pay full dividends for that dividend period, whether or not
dividends are declared and paid for any future dividend period with respect to the Series K Preferred Stock, Parity Stock, Junior Stock or any other class or series of USB s authorized Preferred Stock. 
 When dividends are not paid in full upon the Series K Preferred Stock and any other Parity Stock, dividends upon that stock will be declared
on a proportional basis so that the amount of dividends declared per share will bear to each other the same ratio that accrued dividends for the current dividend period per share on the Series K Preferred Stock, and accrued dividends, including any
accumulations, on such Parity Stock, bear to each other. No interest will be payable in respect of any dividend payment on the Series K Preferred Stock that may be in arrears. 
 Redemption The Series K Preferred Stock is not subject to any mandatory redemption, sinking fund or other similar
provision. The Series K Preferred Stock will be redeemable at USB s option, in whole or in part, at any time on or after
October 15, 2023 at a redemption price equal to 25,000 per share, plus any declared and unpaid dividends, without accumulation of any undeclared dividends. 
 In addition, within 90 days following the occurrence of a Regulatory Capital Treatment Event, USB, at its option, subject to the approval of
the Appropriate Federal Banking Agency, may redeem, at any time, all (but not less than all) of the shares of Series K Preferred Stock at the time outstanding, at a redemption price equal to 25,000 per share, plus any declared and unpaid
dividends, without accumulation of any undeclared dividends. For purposes of the Series K Preferred Stock, Regulatory Capital Treatment Event means the good faith determination by USB that, as a result of (i) any amendment to, or
change in, the laws or regulations of the United States or any political subdivision of or in the United States that is enacted or becomes effective after the initial issuance of any share of Series K Preferred Stock, (ii) any proposed change
in those laws or regulations that is announced after the initial issuance of any share of Series K Preferred Stock, or (iii) any official administrative decision or judicial decision or administrative action or other official pronouncement
interpreting or applying those laws or regulations that is announced after the initial issuance of any share of Series K Preferred Stock, there is more than an insubstantial risk that USB will not be entitled to treat the full liquidation value of
the shares of Series K Preferred Stock then outstanding as additional tier 1 capital (or its equivalent) for purposes of the capital adequacy guidelines of the Federal Reserve Board (or, as and if applicable, the capital adequacy
guidelines or regulations of any successor Appropriate Federal Banking Agency), as then in effect and applicable, for as long as any share of Series K Preferred Stock is outstanding. 
 If shares of the Series K Preferred Stock are to be redeemed, the notice of redemption will be given by first class mail to the holders of
record of the Series K Preferred Stock to be redeemed, mailed not less than 30 days nor more than 60 days prior to the date fixed for redemption thereof (provided that, if the depositary shares representing the Series K Preferred Stock are
held in book-entry form through DTC, USB may give such notice in any manner 
 25 

permitted by the DTC). Each notice of redemption will include a statement setting forth: (i) the redemption date, (ii) the number of shares of the Series K Preferred Stock to be
redeemed and, if less than all the shares held by such holder are to be redeemed, the number of such shares to be redeemed from such holder, (iii) the redemption price, (iv) the place or places where the certificates evidencing shares of
Series K Preferred Stock are to be surrendered for payment of the redemption price and (v) that dividends on the shares to be redeemed will cease to accrue on the redemption date. If notice of redemption of any shares of Series K Preferred
Stock has been duly given and if the funds necessary for such redemption have been set aside by USB for the benefit of the holders of any shares of Series K Preferred Stock so called for redemption, then, on and after the redemption date, dividends
will cease to accrue on such shares of Series K Preferred Stock, such shares of Series K Preferred Stock will no longer be deemed outstanding and all rights of the holders of such shares will terminate, except the right to receive the redemption
price. In case of any redemption of only part of the shares of the Series K Preferred Stock at the time outstanding, the shares to be
redeemed will be selected either pro rata or in such other manner as USB may determine to be fair and equitable. Under the
Federal Reserve Board s risk-based capital guidelines applicable to bank holding companies, any redemption of the Series K Preferred Stock is subject to prior approval of the Federal Reserve Board. 
 Rights Upon Liquidation, Dissolution or Winding Up In the event of USB s liquidation, dissolution or winding up, the
holders of the Series K Preferred Stock at the time outstanding will be entitled to receive a liquidating distribution in the amount of the liquidation preference of 25,000 per share, plus any authorized, declared and unpaid dividends for the
then-current dividend period to the date of liquidation, out of USB s assets legally available for distribution to USB s stockholders, before any distribution is made to holders of USB s Common Stock or any Junior Stock and subject to
the rights of the holders of any class or series of securities ranking senior to or on parity with the Series K Preferred Stock upon liquidation and the rights of USB s depositors and other creditors. 
 If the amounts available for distribution upon USB s liquidation, dissolution or winding up are not sufficient to satisfy the full
liquidation rights of all the outstanding Series K Preferred Stock and all stock ranking equal to the Series K Preferred Stock, then the holders of each series of Preferred Stock will share ratably in any distribution of assets in proportion to the
full respective preferential amount to which they are entitled. After the full amount of the liquidation preference is paid, the holders of Series K Preferred Stock will not be entitled to any further participation in any distribution of USB s
assets. For such purposes, USB s consolidation or merger with or into any other entity, the consolidation or merger of any other
entity with or into USB, or the sale of all or substantially all of USB s property or business will not be deemed to constitute USB s liquidation, dissolution or winding up. 
 26 

Voting Rights Except as provided below, the holders of the Series
K Preferred Stock will have no voting rights. Whenever dividends on any shares of the Series K Preferred Stock or any other class or
series of Parity Stock have not been declared and paid for an amount equal to six or more quarterly dividend periods (whether consecutive or not) or their equivalent, the holders of the Series K Preferred Stock (together with holders of any and all
other classes of USB s authorized Preferred Stock having equivalent voting rights, whether or not the holders of such Preferred Stock would be entitled to vote for the election of directors if such default in dividends did not exist) will be
entitled to vote as a single class for the election of a total of two additional members of USB s board of directors, provided that the election of any such directors will not cause USB to violate the corporate governance requirement of the New
York Stock Exchange (or any other exchange on which USB s securities may be listed) that listed companies must have a majority of independent directors and provided further that USB s board of directors will at no time include more than
two Preferred Directors. In that event, the number of directors on USB s board of directors will automatically increase by two and, at the request of any holder of Series K Preferred Stock, a special meeting of the holders of Series K Preferred
Stock and any other class or series of Preferred Stock that ranks on parity with the Series K Preferred Stock as to payment of dividends and for which dividends have not been paid, will be called for the election of the two directors (unless such
request is received less than 90 days before the date fixed for the next annual or special meeting of the stockholders, in which event such election will be held at such next annual or special meeting of stockholders), followed by such election
at each subsequent annual meeting. These voting rights will continue until full dividends have been paid regularly on the shares of the Series K Preferred Stock and any other class or series of Preferred Stock that ranks on parity with the Series K
Preferred Stock as to payment of dividends for at least four consecutive quarterly dividend periods or their equivalent following the Nonpayment. 
 If and when full dividends have been regularly paid for at least four consecutive quarterly dividend periods or their equivalent following a
Nonpayment on the Series K Preferred Stock and any other class or series of Parity Stock, the holders of the Series K Preferred Stock will be divested of the foregoing voting rights (subject to revesting in the event of each subsequent Nonpayment)
and the term of office of each Preferred Director so elected will terminate and the number of directors on USB s board of directors will automatically decrease by two. Any Preferred Director may be removed at any time without cause by the
holders of record of a majority of the outstanding shares of the Series K Preferred Stock (together with holders of any and all other classes of USB s authorized Preferred Stock having equivalent voting rights, whether or not the holders of
such Preferred Stock would be entitled to vote for the election of directors if such default in dividends did not exist) when they have the voting rights described above. So long as a Nonpayment continues, any vacancy in the office of a Preferred
Director (other than prior to the initial election of the Preferred Directors) may be filled by the written consent of the Preferred Director remaining in office, or if none remains in office, by a vote of the holders of the outstanding shares of
Series K Preferred Stock (together with holders of any and all other class of USB s authorized Preferred Stock having equivalent voting rights, whether or not the holders of such Preferred Stock would be entitled to vote for the election of
directors if such default in dividends did not exist) to serve until the next annual meeting of stockholders. The Preferred Directors will each be entitled to one vote per director on any matter. 
 27 

If the holders of Series K Preferred Stock become entitled to vote for the election of
Preferred Directors, the Series K Preferred Stock may be considered a class of voting securities under interpretations adopted by the Federal Reserve Board. As a result, certain holders of the Series K Preferred Stock may become subject to
regulations under the Bank Holding Company Act and/or certain acquisitions of the Series K Preferred Stock may be subject to prior approval by the Federal Reserve Board. 
 So long as any shares of Series K Preferred Stock remain outstanding: 

the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of at least two-thirds 
of all of the shares of the Series K Preferred Stock and all other Parity Stock at the time outstanding, voting as a single class without regard to series, will be required to issue, authorize or increase the authorized amount of, or to issue or
authorize any obligation or security convertible into or evidencing the right to purchase, any class or series of stock ranking senior to the Series K Preferred Stock and all other Parity Stock with respect to payment of dividends or the
distribution of assets upon USB s liquidation, dissolution or winding up; and 

the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of at least two-thirds 
of all of the shares of the Series K Preferred Stock at the time outstanding, voting separately as a class, will be required to amend the provisions of USB s Certificate of Incorporation or the Certificate of Designations of the Series K
Preferred Stock or any other series of Preferred Stock so as to materially and adversely affect the powers, preferences, privileges or rights of the Series K Preferred Stock, taken as a whole; provided, however, that any increase in the amount of
the authorized or issued Series K Preferred Stock or authorized Preferred Stock or the creation and issuance, or an increase in the authorized or issued amount, of other series of Preferred Stock and/or Junior Stock will not be deemed to adversely
affect the powers, preferences, privileges or rights of the Series K Preferred Stock. The foregoing voting provisions
will not apply if, at or prior to the time when the act with respect to which such vote would otherwise be required will be effected, all outstanding shares of Series K Preferred Stock have been redeemed or called for redemption upon proper notice
and sufficient funds have been set aside by USB for the benefit of the holders of the Series K Preferred Stock to effect such redemption. 
 Series L Preferred Stock 
 General The depositary is the sole holder of the Series L Preferred Stock, as described below under the section entitled
 Description of Depositary Shares, and all references herein to the holders of the Series L Preferred Stock mean the depositary. However, the holders of depositary shares will be entitled, through the depositary, to exercise the
rights and preferences of the holders of the Series L Preferred Stock, as described below under Description of Depositary Shares. The holders of the Series L Preferred Stock have no preemptive rights with respect to any shares of
USB s capital stock or any of its other securities convertible into or carrying rights or options to purchase any such capital stock. 
 28 

The holders of Series L Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive non-cumulative cash dividends when, as and if declared out of assets legally available for payment of dividends. In the event USB does not declare dividends or does not pay dividends in full on the Series L
Preferred Stock on any date on which dividends are due, then such unpaid dividends will not cumulate and will no longer accrue and be payable. 
 The Series L Preferred Stock is perpetual and will not be convertible into shares of USB s Common Stock or any other class or series of
USB s capital stock, and will not be subject to any sinking fund or other obligation for their repurchase or retirement. Rank
 With respect to the payment of dividends and amounts upon liquidation, the Series L Preferred Stock ranks equally with the Series A Preferred Stock, the Series B Preferred Stock, the Series J Preferred Stock, the Series K
Preferred , the Series M Preferred Stock, the Series N Preferred Stock and the Series O Preferred Stock and with any future class or series of USB s capital stock that ranks on a par with the Series L Preferred Stock in the payment of dividends
and in the distribution of assets on USB s liquidation, dissolution or winding up. With respect to the payment of dividends and amounts upon liquidation, the Series L Preferred Stock ranks senior to USB s Common Stock and any other future
class or series of USB s capital stock over which the Series L Preferred Stock has preference or priority in the payment of dividends or in the distribution of assets on USB s liquidation, dissolution or winding up. USB may not issue any
class of series of capital stock having a preference or priority in the payment of dividends or in the distribution of assets on USB s liquidation, dissolution or winding up over the Series L Preferred Stock without the affirmative vote or
consent of the holders of at least 66-2/3 of all of the shares of the Series L Preferred Stock and all other Parity Stock, at the time outstanding, voting as a single class without regard to series.
 In particular, during a dividend period and subject to certain exceptions, no dividend will be paid or declared and no distribution will
be made on any Junior Stock, other than a dividend payable solely in Junior Stock, no shares of Junior Stock may be repurchased, redeemed or otherwise acquired for consideration by USB, directly or indirectly (other than as a result of
reclassification of Junior Stock for or into Junior Stock, or the exchange or conversion of one share of Junior Stock for or into another share of Junior Stock, and other than through the use of the proceeds of a substantially contemporaneous sale
of other shares of Junior Stock), nor will any monies be paid to or made available for a sinking fund for the redemption of any such securities by USB, and no shares of Parity Stock may be purchased, redeemed or otherwise acquired for consideration
by USB otherwise than pursuant to pro rata offers to purchase all, or a pro rata portion, of the Series L Preferred Stock and such Parity Stock except by conversion into or exchange for Junior Stock, unless full dividends for such dividend period on
all outstanding shares of Series L Preferred Stock have been paid or declared and a sum sufficient for the payment thereof set aside. 
 Dividends Dividends on shares of the Series L Preferred Stock will not be mandatory. Holders of Series L Preferred
Stock will be entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by USB s board of directors or a duly authorized committee of the board, out of assets legally available for the payment of dividends under Delaware law,
 non-cumulative cash dividends. Dividends on each share of Series L Preferred Stock will accrue on the liquidation preference 
 29 

amount of 25,000 per share at a rate per annum equal to 3.75 payable quarterly in arrears on each January 15, April 15, July 15 and October 15. If any day on which
dividends are payable on the Series L Preferred Stock is not a business day, then payment of the dividend payable on that date will be made on the next succeeding day that is a business day, without any interest or other payment in respect of such
delay. The record date for payment of dividends on the Series L Preferred Stock will be the last day of the immediately preceding calendar month during which the dividend payment date falls. The amount of dividends payable for any period will be
computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months. For purposes of the Series L Preferred Stock, the term business day means each
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday or Friday on which banking institutions are not authorized or obligated by law, regulation or executive order to close in New York, New York. Dividends on the Series L Preferred Stock will not be declared, paid
or set aside for payment to the extent such act would cause USB to fail to comply with any applicable laws and regulations, including applicable capital adequacy guidelines. 
 The right of holders of the Series L Preferred Stock to receive dividends is non-cumulative. If
USB s board of directors does not declare a dividend on the Series L Preferred Stock or declares less than a full dividend in respect of any dividend period, the holders of the Series L Preferred Stock will have no right to receive any dividend
or a full dividend, as the case may be, for that dividend period, and USB will have no obligation to pay a dividend or to pay full dividends for that dividend period, whether or not dividends are declared and paid for any future dividend period with
respect to the Series L Preferred Stock, Parity Stock, Junior Stock or any other class or series of USB s authorized Preferred Stock. 
 When dividends are not paid in full upon the Series L Preferred Stock and any other Parity Stock, dividends upon that stock will be declared
on a proportional basis so that the amount of dividends declared per share will bear to each other the same ratio that accrued dividends for the current dividend period per share on the Series L Preferred Stock, and accrued dividends, including any
accumulations, on such Parity Stock, bear to each other. No interest will be payable in respect of any dividend payment on the Series L Preferred Stock that may be in arrears. 
 Redemption The Series L Preferred Stock is not subject to any mandatory redemption, sinking fund or other similar
provision. The Series L Preferred Stock will be redeemable at USB s option, in whole or in part, at any time on or after
January 15, 2026 at a redemption price equal to 25,000 per share, plus any declared and unpaid dividends, without accumulation of any undeclared dividends. 
 In addition, within 90 days following the occurrence of a Regulatory Capital Treatment Event, USB, at its option, subject to the approval of
the Appropriate Federal Banking Agency, may redeem, at any time, all (but not less than all) of the shares of Series L Preferred Stock at the time outstanding, at a redemption price equal to 25,000 per share, plus any declared and unpaid
dividends, without accumulation of any undeclared dividends. For purposes of the Series L Preferred Stock, Regulatory Capital Treatment Event means the good faith determination by USB that, as a result of (i) any amendment to, or
change in, the laws or regulations of the United 
 30 

States or any political subdivision of or in the United States that is enacted or becomes effective after the initial issuance of any share of Series L Preferred Stock, (ii) any proposed
change in those laws or regulations that is announced after the initial issuance of any share of Series L Preferred Stock, or (iii) any official administrative decision or judicial decision or administrative action or other official
pronouncement interpreting or applying those laws or regulations that is announced after the initial issuance of any share of Series L Preferred Stock, there is more than an insubstantial risk that USB will not be entitled to treat the full
liquidation value of the shares of Series L Preferred Stock then outstanding as additional tier 1 capital (or its equivalent) for purposes of the capital adequacy guidelines of the Federal Reserve Board (or, as and if applicable, the
capital adequacy guidelines or regulations of any successor Appropriate Federal Banking Agency), as then in effect and applicable, for as long as any share of Series L Preferred Stock is outstanding. 
 If shares of the Series L Preferred Stock are to be redeemed, the notice of redemption will be given by first class mail to the holders of
record of the Series L Preferred Stock to be redeemed, mailed not less than 30 days nor more than 60 days prior to the date fixed for redemption thereof (provided that, if the depositary shares representing the Series L Preferred Stock are
held in book-entry form through DTC, USB may give such notice in any manner permitted by the DTC). Each notice of redemption will include a statement setting forth: (i) the redemption date, (ii) the number of shares of the Series L
Preferred Stock to be redeemed and, if less than all the shares held by such holder are to be redeemed, the number of such shares to be redeemed from such holder, (iii) the redemption price, (iv) the place or places where the certificates
evidencing shares of Series L Preferred Stock are to be surrendered for payment of the redemption price and (v) that dividends on the shares to be redeemed will cease to accrue on the redemption date. If notice of redemption of any shares of
Series L Preferred Stock has been duly given and if the funds necessary for such redemption have been set aside by USB for the benefit of the holders of any shares of Series L Preferred Stock so called for redemption, then, on and after the
redemption date, dividends will cease to accrue on such shares of Series L Preferred Stock, such shares of Series L Preferred Stock will no longer be deemed outstanding and all rights of the holders of such shares will terminate, except the right to
receive the redemption price. In case of any redemption of only part of the shares of the Series L Preferred Stock at the time
outstanding, the shares to be redeemed will be selected either pro rata or in such other manner as USB may determine to be fair and equitable. 
 Under the Federal Reserve Board s risk-based capital guidelines applicable to bank holding companies, any redemption of the Series L
Preferred Stock is subject to prior approval of the Federal Reserve Board. Rights Upon Liquidation, Dissolution or Winding Up
 In the event of USB s liquidation, dissolution or winding up, the holders of the Series L Preferred Stock at the time outstanding will be entitled to receive a liquidating distribution in the amount of the liquidation preference
of 25,000 per share, plus any authorized, declared and unpaid dividends for the then-current dividend period to the date of liquidation, out of USB s assets legally available for distribution to USB s stockholders, before any distribution
is made to holders of USB s Common Stock or any Junior Stock and subject to the rights of the holders of any class or series of securities ranking senior to or on parity with the Series L Preferred Stock upon liquidation and the rights of
USB s depositors and other creditors. 
 31 

If the amounts available for distribution upon USB s liquidation, dissolution or
winding up are not sufficient to satisfy the full liquidation rights of all the outstanding Series L Preferred Stock and all stock ranking equal to the Series L Preferred Stock, then the holders of each series of Preferred Stock will share ratably
in any distribution of assets in proportion to the full respective preferential amount to which they are entitled. After the full amount of the liquidation preference is paid, the holders of Series L Preferred Stock will not be entitled to any
further participation in any distribution of USB s assets. For such purposes, USB s consolidation or merger with or into any
other entity, the consolidation or merger of any other entity with or into USB, or the sale of all or substantially all of USB s property or business will not be deemed to constitute USB s liquidation, dissolution or winding up. 
 Voting Rights Except as provided below, the holders of the Series L Preferred Stock will have no voting rights. 
 Whenever dividends on any shares of the Series L Preferred Stock or any other class or series of Parity Stock have not been declared and paid
for an amount equal to six or more quarterly dividend periods (whether consecutive or not) or their equivalent, the holders of the Series L Preferred Stock (together with holders of any and all other classes of USB s authorized Preferred Stock
having equivalent voting rights, whether or not the holders of such Preferred Stock would be entitled to vote for the election of directors if such default in dividends did not exist) will be entitled to vote as a single class for the election of a
total of two additional members of USB s board of directors, provided that the election of any such directors will not cause USB to violate the corporate governance requirement of the New York Stock Exchange (or any other exchange on which
USB s securities may be listed) that listed companies must have a majority of independent directors and provided further that USB s board of directors will at no time include more than two Preferred Directors. In that event, the number of
directors on USB s board of directors will automatically increase by two and, at the request of any holder of Series L Preferred Stock, a special meeting of the holders of Series L Preferred Stock and any other class or series of Preferred
Stock that ranks on parity with the Series L Preferred Stock as to payment of dividends and for which dividends have not been paid, will be called for the election of the two directors (unless such request is received less than 90 days before
the date fixed for the next annual or special meeting of the stockholders, in which event such election will be held at such next annual or special meeting of stockholders), followed by such election at each subsequent annual meeting. These voting
rights will continue until full dividends have been paid regularly on the shares of the Series L Preferred Stock and any other class or series of Preferred Stock that ranks on parity with the Series L Preferred Stock as to payment of dividends for
at least four consecutive quarterly dividend periods or their equivalent following the Nonpayment. 
 32 

If and when full dividends have been regularly paid for at least four consecutive quarterly
dividend periods or their equivalent following a Nonpayment on the Series L Preferred Stock and any other class or series of Parity Stock, the holders of the Series L Preferred Stock will be divested of the foregoing voting rights (subject to
revesting in the event of each subsequent Nonpayment) and the term of office of each Preferred Director so elected will terminate and the number of directors on USB s board of directors will automatically decrease by two. Any Preferred Director
may be removed at any time without cause by the holders of record of a majority of the outstanding shares of the Series L Preferred Stock (together with holders of any and all other classes of USB s authorized Preferred Stock having equivalent
voting rights, whether or not the holders of such Preferred Stock would be entitled to vote for the election of directors if such default in dividends did not exist) when they have the voting rights described above. So long as a Nonpayment
continues, any vacancy in the office of a Preferred Director (other than prior to the initial election of the Preferred Directors) may be filled by the written consent of the Preferred Director remaining in office, or if none remains in office, by a
vote of the holders of the outstanding shares of Series L Preferred Stock (together with holders of any and all other class of USB s authorized Preferred Stock having equivalent voting rights, whether or not the holders of such Preferred Stock
would be entitled to vote for the election of directors if such default in dividends did not exist) to serve until the next annual meeting of stockholders. The Preferred Directors will each be entitled to one vote per director on any matter. 
 If the holders of Series L Preferred Stock become entitled to vote for the election of Preferred Directors, the Series L Preferred Stock may
be considered a class of voting securities under interpretations adopted by the Federal Reserve Board. As a result, certain holders of the Series L Preferred Stock may become subject to regulations under the Bank Holding Company Act and/or certain
acquisitions of the Series L Preferred Stock may be subject to prior approval by the Federal Reserve Board. So long as any shares of
Series L Preferred Stock remain outstanding: 

the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of at least two-thirds 
of all of the shares of the Series L Preferred Stock and all other Parity Stock at the time outstanding, voting as a single class without regard to series, will be required to issue, authorize or increase the authorized amount of, or to issue or
authorize any obligation or security convertible into or evidencing the right to purchase, any class or series of stock ranking senior to the Series L Preferred Stock and all other Parity Stock with respect to payment of dividends or the
distribution of assets upon USB s liquidation, dissolution or winding up; and 

the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of at least two-thirds 
of all of the shares of the Series L Preferred Stock at the time outstanding, voting separately as a class, will be required to amend the provisions of USB s Certificate of Incorporation or the Certificate of Designations of the Series L
Preferred Stock or any other series of Preferred Stock so as to materially and adversely affect the powers, preferences, privileges or rights of the Series L Preferred Stock, taken as a whole; provided, however, that any increase in the amount of
the authorized or issued Series L Preferred Stock or authorized Preferred Stock or the creation and issuance, or an increase in the authorized or issued amount, of other series of Preferred Stock and/or Junior Stock will not be deemed to adversely
affect the powers, preferences, privileges or rights of the Series L Preferred Stock. 
 33 

The foregoing voting provisions will not apply if, at or prior to the time when the act with
respect to which such vote would otherwise be required will be effected, all outstanding shares of Series L Preferred Stock have been redeemed or called for redemption upon proper notice and sufficient funds have been set aside by USB for the
benefit of the holders of the Series L Preferred Stock to effect such redemption. Series M Preferred Stock 
 General The depositary is the sole holder of the Series M Preferred Stock, as described below under the section entitled
 Description of Depositary Shares, and all references herein to the holders of the Series M Preferred Stock mean the depositary. However, the holders of depositary shares will be entitled, through the depositary, to exercise the
rights and preferences of the holders of the Series M Preferred Stock, as described below under Description of Depositary Shares. The holders of the Series M Preferred Stock have no preemptive rights with respect to any shares of
USB s capital stock or any of its other securities convertible into or carrying rights or options to purchase any such capital stock. 
 The holders of Series M Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive non-cumulative cash dividends
when, as and if declared out of assets legally available for payment of dividends. In the event USB does not declare dividends or does not pay dividends in full on the Series M Preferred Stock on any date on which dividends are due, then such unpaid
dividends will not cumulate and will no longer accrue and be payable. The Series M Preferred Stock is perpetual and will not be
convertible into shares of USB s Common Stock or any other class or series of USB s capital stock, and will not be subject to any sinking fund or other obligation for their repurchase or retirement. 
 Rank With respect to the payment of dividends and amounts upon liquidation, the Series M Preferred Stock ranks equally
with the Series A Preferred Stock, the Series B Preferred Stock, the Series J Preferred Stock, the Series K Preferred Stock, the Series L Preferred Stock, the Series N Preferred Stock and the Series O Preferred Stock and with any future class
or series of USB s capital stock that ranks on a par with the Series M Preferred Stock in the payment of dividends and in the distribution of assets on USB s liquidation, dissolution or winding up. With respect to the payment of dividends
and amounts upon liquidation, the Series M Preferred Stock ranks senior to USB s Common Stock and any other future class or series of USB s capital stock over which the Series M Preferred Stock has preference or priority in the payment of
dividends or in the distribution of assets on USB s liquidation, dissolution or winding up. USB may not issue any class of series of capital stock having a preference or priority in the payment of dividends or in the distribution of assets on
USB s liquidation, dissolution or winding up over the Series M Preferred Stock without the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of at least 66-2/3 of all of the shares of the Series M
Preferred Stock and all other Parity Stock, at the time outstanding, voting as a single class without regard to series. 
 34 

In particular, during a dividend period and subject to certain exceptions, no dividend will
be paid or declared and no distribution will be made on any Junior Stock, other than a dividend payable solely in Junior Stock, no shares of Junior Stock may be repurchased, redeemed or otherwise acquired for consideration by USB, directly or
indirectly (other than (i) as a result of reclassification of Junior Stock for or into Junior Stock, or the exchange or conversion of one share of Junior Stock for or into another share of Junior Stock, (ii) through the use of the proceeds
of a substantially contemporaneous sale of other shares of Junior Stock, (iii) purchases of shares of Junior Stock pursuant to a contractually binding requirement to buy such Junior Stock existing prior to the commencement of the then-current
dividend period, including under a contractually binding stock repurchase plan, (iv) any purchase, redemption or other acquisition of Junior Stock pursuant to any employee, consultant or director incentive or benefit plans or arrangements of
USB s or any of USB s subsidiaries (including any employment, severance or consulting arrangements adopted before or after the issuance of the Series M Preferred Stock) and (v) in connection with any underwriting, stabilization,
market-making or similar transactions in USB s capital stock by an investment banking subsidiary of USB in the ordinary course of such subsidiary s business), nor will any monies be paid to or made available for a sinking fund for the
redemption of any such securities by USB, and no shares of Parity Stock may be purchased, redeemed or otherwise acquired for consideration by USB otherwise than pursuant to pro rata offers to purchase all, or a pro rata portion, of the Series M
Preferred Stock and such Parity Stock except by conversion into or exchange for Junior Stock, unless full dividends for the most recently completed dividend period on all outstanding shares of Series M Preferred Stock have been paid or declared and
a sum sufficient for the payment thereof set aside. Dividends Dividends on shares of the Series M Preferred
Stock will not be mandatory. Holders of Series M Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by USB s board of directors or a duly authorized committee of the board, out of assets legally available for the payment of
dividends under Delaware law, non-cumulative cash dividends. Dividends on each share of Series M Preferred Stock will accrue on the liquidation preference amount of 25,000 per share at a rate per
annum equal to 4.00 payable quarterly in arrears on each January 15, April 15, July 15 and October 15. If any day on which dividends are payable on the Series M Preferred Stock is not a business day, then payment of the dividend
payable on that date will be made on the next succeeding day that is a business day, without any interest or other payment in respect of such delay. The record date for payment of dividends on the Series M Preferred Stock will be the last day of the
immediately preceding calendar month during which the dividend payment date falls. The amount of dividends payable for any period will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months. Dollar amounts resulting from that calculation will be rounded to three decimal places, with 0.0005 being rounded upward. For purposes of the Series M Preferred Stock, the term business
day means each Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday or Friday on which banking institutions are not authorized or obligated by law, regulation or executive order to close in New York, New York. Dividends on the Series M Preferred Stock will
not be declared, paid or set aside for payment to the extent such act would cause USB to fail to comply with any applicable laws and regulations, including applicable capital adequacy guidelines. 
 The right of holders of the Series M Preferred Stock to receive dividends is non-cumulative. If
USB s board of directors does not declare a dividend on the Series M Preferred Stock or declares less than a full dividend in respect of any dividend period, the holders of the Series M Preferred Stock will have no right to receive any dividend
or a full dividend, as the case may be, for that dividend period, and USB will have no obligation to pay a dividend or to pay full dividends for that dividend period, whether or not dividends are declared and paid for any future dividend period with
respect to the Series M Preferred Stock, Parity Stock, Junior Stock or any other class or series of USB s authorized Preferred Stock. 
 35 

When dividends are not paid in full upon the Series M Preferred Stock and any other Parity
Stock, dividends upon that stock will be declared on a proportional basis so that the amount of dividends declared per share will bear to each other the same ratio that accrued dividends for the current dividend period per share on the Series M
Preferred Stock, and accrued dividends, including any accumulations, on such Parity Stock, bear to each other. No interest will be payable in respect of any dividend payment on the Series M Preferred Stock that may be in arrears. 
 Redemption The Series M Preferred Stock is not subject to any mandatory redemption, sinking fund or other similar
provision. The Series M Preferred Stock will be redeemable at USB s option, in whole or in part, at any time on or after
April 15, 2026 at a redemption price equal to 25,000 per share, plus any declared and unpaid dividends, without accumulation of any undeclared dividends. 
 In addition, within 90 days following the occurrence of a Regulatory Capital Treatment Event, USB, at its option, subject to the approval of
the Appropriate Federal Banking Agency, may redeem, at any time, all (but not less than all) of the shares of Series M Preferred Stock at the time outstanding, at a redemption price equal to 25,000 per share, plus any declared and unpaid
dividends, without accumulation of any undeclared dividends. For purposes of the Series M Preferred Stock, Regulatory Capital Treatment Event means the good faith determination by USB that, as a result of (i) any amendment to, or
change in, the laws or regulations of the United States or any political subdivision of or in the United States that is enacted or becomes effective after the initial issuance of any share of Series M Preferred Stock, (ii) any proposed change
in those laws or regulations that is announced after the initial issuance of any share of Series M Preferred Stock, or (iii) any official administrative decision or judicial decision or administrative action or other official pronouncement
interpreting or applying those laws or regulations that is announced after the initial issuance of any share of Series M Preferred Stock, there is more than an insubstantial risk that USB will not be entitled to treat the full liquidation value of
the shares of Series M Preferred Stock then outstanding as additional tier 1 capital (or its equivalent) for purposes of the capital adequacy guidelines of the Federal Reserve Board (or, as and if applicable, the capital adequacy
guidelines or regulations of any successor Appropriate Federal Banking Agency), as then in effect and applicable, for as long as any share of Series M Preferred Stock is outstanding. 
 If shares of the Series M Preferred Stock are to be redeemed, the notice of redemption will be given by first class mail to the holders of
record of the Series M Preferred Stock to be redeemed, mailed not less than 30 days nor more than 60 days prior to the date fixed for redemption thereof (provided that, if the depositary shares representing the Series M Preferred Stock are
held in book-entry form through DTC, USB may give such notice in any manner permitted by the DTC). Each notice of redemption will include a statement setting forth: (i) the redemption date, (ii) the number of shares of the Series M
Preferred Stock to be redeemed and, if 
 36 

less than all the shares held by such holder are to be redeemed, the number of such shares to be redeemed from such holder, (iii) the redemption price, (iv) the place or places where
the certificates evidencing shares of Series M Preferred Stock are to be surrendered for payment of the redemption price and (v) that dividends on the shares to be redeemed will cease to accrue on the redemption date. If notice of redemption of
any shares of Series M Preferred Stock has been duly given and if the funds necessary for such redemption have been set aside by USB for the benefit of the holders of any shares of Series M Preferred Stock so called for redemption, then, on and
after the redemption date, dividends will cease to accrue on such shares of Series M Preferred Stock, such shares of Series M Preferred Stock will no longer be deemed outstanding and all rights of the holders of such shares will terminate, except
the right to receive the redemption price. In case of any redemption of only part of the shares of the Series M Preferred Stock at the
time outstanding, the shares to be redeemed will be selected either pro rata or in such other manner as USB may determine to be fair and equitable. 
 Under the Federal Reserve Board s risk-based capital guidelines applicable to bank holding companies, any redemption of the Series M
Preferred Stock is subject to prior approval of the Federal Reserve Board. Rights Upon Liquidation, Dissolution or Winding Up
 In the event of USB s liquidation, dissolution or winding up, the holders of the Series M Preferred Stock at the time outstanding will be entitled to receive a liquidating distribution in the amount of the liquidation preference
of 25,000 per share, plus any authorized, declared and unpaid dividends for the then-current dividend period to the date of liquidation, out of USB s assets legally available for distribution to USB s stockholders, before any distribution
is made to holders of USB s Common Stock or any Junior Stock and subject to the rights of the holders of any class or series of securities ranking senior to or on parity with the Series M Preferred Stock upon liquidation and the rights of
USB s depositors and other creditors. If the amounts available for distribution upon USB s liquidation, dissolution or winding
up are not sufficient to satisfy the full liquidation rights of all the outstanding Series M Preferred Stock and all stock ranking equal to the Series M Preferred Stock, then the holders of each series of Preferred Stock will share ratably in any
distribution of assets in proportion to the full respective preferential amount to which they are entitled. After the full amount of the liquidation preference is paid, the holders of Series M Preferred Stock will not be entitled to any further
participation in any distribution of USB s assets. For such purposes, USB s consolidation or merger with or into any other
entity, the consolidation or merger of any other entity with or into USB, or the sale of all or substantially all of USB s property or business will not be deemed to constitute USB s liquidation, dissolution or winding up. 
 37 

Voting Rights Except as provided below, the holders of the Series
M Preferred Stock have no voting rights. Whenever dividends on any shares of the Series M Preferred Stock or any other class or series of
Parity Stock have not been declared and paid for an amount equal to six or more quarterly dividend periods (whether consecutive or not) or their equivalent, the holders of the Series M Preferred Stock (together with holders of any and all other
classes of USB s authorized Preferred Stock having equivalent voting rights, whether or not the holders of such Preferred Stock would be entitled to vote for the election of directors if such default in dividends did not exist) will be entitled
to vote as a single class for the election of a total of two additional members of USB s board of directors, provided that the election of any such directors will not cause USB to violate the corporate governance requirement of the New York
Stock Exchange (or any other exchange on which USB s securities may be listed) that listed companies must have a majority of independent directors and provided further that USB s board of directors will at no time include more than two
Preferred Directors. In that event, the number of directors on USB s board of directors will automatically increase by two and, at the request of any holder of Series M Preferred Stock, a special meeting of the holders of Series M Preferred
Stock and any other class or series of Preferred Stock that ranks on parity with the Series M Preferred Stock as to payment of dividends and for which dividends have not been paid, will be called for the election of the two directors (unless such
request is received less than 90 days before the date fixed for the next annual or special meeting of the stockholders, in which event such election will be held at such next annual or special meeting of stockholders), followed by such election
at each subsequent annual meeting. These voting rights will continue until full dividends have been paid regularly on the shares of the Series M Preferred Stock and any other class or series of Preferred Stock that ranks on parity with the Series M
Preferred Stock as to payment of dividends for at least four consecutive quarterly dividend periods or their equivalent following the Nonpayment. 
 If and when full dividends have been regularly paid for at least four consecutive quarterly dividend periods or their equivalent following a
Nonpayment on the Series M Preferred Stock and any other class or series of Parity Stock, the holders of the Series M Preferred Stock will be divested of the foregoing voting rights (subject to revesting in the event of each subsequent Nonpayment)
and the term of office of each Preferred Director so elected will terminate and the number of directors on USB s board of directors will automatically decrease by two. Any Preferred Director may be removed at any time without cause by the
holders of record of a majority of the outstanding shares of the Series M Preferred Stock (together with holders of any and all other classes of USB s authorized Preferred Stock having equivalent voting rights, whether or not the holders of
such Preferred Stock would be entitled to vote for the election of directors if such default in dividends did not exist) when they have the voting rights described above. So long as a Nonpayment continues, any vacancy in the office of a Preferred
Director (other than prior to the initial election of the Preferred Directors) may be filled by the written consent of the Preferred Director remaining in office, or if none remains in office, by a vote of the holders of the outstanding shares of
Series M Preferred Stock (together with holders of any and all other class of USB s authorized Preferred Stock having equivalent voting rights, whether or not the holders of such Preferred Stock would be entitled to vote for the election of
directors if such default in dividends did not exist) to serve until the next annual meeting of stockholders. The Preferred Directors will each be entitled to one vote per director on any matter. 
 38 

If the holders of Series M Preferred Stock become entitled to vote for the election of
Preferred Directors, the Series M Preferred Stock may be considered a class of voting securities under interpretations adopted by the Federal Reserve Board. As a result, certain holders of the Series M Preferred Stock may become subject to
regulations under the Bank Holding Company Act and/or certain acquisitions of the Series M Preferred Stock may be subject to prior approval by the Federal Reserve Board. 
 So long as any shares of Series M Preferred Stock remain outstanding: 

the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of at least two-thirds 
of all of the shares of the Series M Preferred Stock and all other Parity Stock at the time outstanding, voting as a single class without regard to series, will be required to issue, authorize or increase the authorized amount of, or to issue or
authorize any obligation or security convertible into or evidencing the right to purchase, any class or series of stock ranking senior to the Series M Preferred Stock and all other Parity Stock with respect to payment of dividends or the
distribution of assets upon USB s liquidation, dissolution or winding up; and 

the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of at least two-thirds 
of all of the shares of the Series M Preferred Stock at the time outstanding, voting separately as a class, will be required to amend the provisions of USB s Certificate of Incorporation or the Certificate of Designations of the Series M
Preferred Stock or any other series of Preferred Stock so as to materially and adversely affect the powers, preferences, privileges or rights of the Series M Preferred Stock, taken as a whole; provided, however, that any increase in the amount of
the authorized or issued Series M Preferred Stock or authorized Preferred Stock or the creation and issuance, or an increase in the authorized or issued amount, of other series of Preferred Stock and/or Junior Stock will not be deemed to adversely
affect the powers, preferences, privileges or rights of the Series M Preferred Stock. The foregoing voting provisions
will not apply if, at or prior to the time when the act with respect to which such vote would otherwise be required will be effected, all outstanding shares of Series M Preferred Stock have been redeemed or called for redemption upon proper notice
and sufficient funds have been set aside by USB for the benefit of the holders of the Series M Preferred Stock to effect such redemption. 
 Series N Preferred Stock 
 General The depositary is the sole holder of the Series N Preferred Stock, as described below under the section entitled
 Description of Depositary Shares, and all references herein to the holders of the Series N Preferred Stock mean the depositary. However, the holders of depositary shares will be entitled, through the depositary, to exercise the
rights and preferences of the holders of the Series N Preferred Stock, as described below under Description of Depositary Shares. The holders of the Series N Preferred Stock have no preemptive rights with respect to any shares of
USB s capital stock or any of its other securities convertible into or carrying rights or options to purchase any such capital stock. 
 The holders of Series N Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive non-cumulative cash dividends
when, as and if declared out of assets legally available for payment of dividends. In the event USB does not declare dividends or does not pay dividends in full on the Series N Preferred Stock on any date on which dividends are due, then such unpaid
dividends will not cumulate and will no longer accrue and be payable. 
 39 

The Series N Preferred Stock is perpetual and will not be convertible into shares of
USB s Common Stock or any other class or series of USB s capital stock, and will not be subject to any sinking fund or other obligation for their repurchase or retirement. 
 Rank With respect to the payment of dividends and amounts upon liquidation, the Series N Preferred Stock ranks equally
with the Series A Preferred Stock, the Series B Preferred Stock, the Series J Preferred Stock, the Series K Preferred Stock, the Series L Preferred Stock, the Series M Preferred Stock and the Series O Preferred Stock and with any future class
or series of USB s capital stock that ranks on a par with the Series N Preferred Stock in the payment of dividends and in the distribution of assets on USB s liquidation, dissolution or winding up. With respect to the payment of dividends
and amounts upon liquidation, the Series N Preferred Stock ranks senior to USB s Common Stock and any other future class or series of USB s capital stock over which the Series N Preferred Stock has preference or priority in the payment of
dividends or in the distribution of assets on USB s liquidation, dissolution or winding up. USB may not issue any class of series of capital stock having a preference or priority in the payment of dividends or in the distribution of assets on
USB s liquidation, dissolution or winding up over the Series N Preferred Stock without the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of at least 66-2/3 of all of the shares of the Series N
Preferred Stock and all other Parity Stock, at the time outstanding, voting as a single class without regard to series. In particular,
during a dividend period and subject to certain exceptions, no dividend will be paid or declared and no distribution will be made on any Junior Stock, other than a dividend payable solely in Junior Stock, no shares of Junior Stock may be
repurchased, redeemed or otherwise acquired for consideration by USB, directly or indirectly (other than (i) as a result of reclassification of Junior Stock for or into Junior Stock, or the exchange or conversion of one share of Junior Stock
for or into another share of Junior Stock, (ii) through the use of the proceeds of a substantially contemporaneous sale of other shares of Junior Stock, (iii) purchases of shares of Junior Stock pursuant to a contractually binding
requirement to buy such Junior Stock existing prior to the commencement of the then-current dividend period, including under a contractually binding stock repurchase plan, (iv) any purchase, redemption or other acquisition of Junior Stock
pursuant to any employee, consultant or director incentive or benefit plans or arrangements of USB s or any of USB s subsidiaries (including any employment, severance or consulting arrangements adopted before or after the issuance of the
Series N Preferred Stock) and (v) in connection with any underwriting, stabilization, market-making or similar transactions in USB s capital stock by an investment banking subsidiary of USB in the ordinary course of such subsidiary s
business), nor will any monies be paid to or made available for a sinking fund for the redemption of any such securities by USB, and no shares of Parity Stock may be purchased, redeemed or otherwise acquired for consideration by USB otherwise than
pursuant to pro rata offers to purchase all, or a pro rata portion, of the Series N Preferred Stock and such Parity Stock except by conversion into or exchange for Junior Stock, unless full dividends for the most recently completed dividend period
on all outstanding shares of Series N Preferred Stock have been paid or declared and a sum sufficient for the payment thereof set aside. 
 40 

Dividends Dividends on shares of the Series N Preferred Stock will
not be mandatory. Holders of Series N Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by USB s board of directors or a duly authorized committee of the board, out of assets legally available for the payment of dividends
under Delaware law, non-cumulative cash dividends. Dividends on each share of Series N Preferred Stock will accrue on the liquidation preference amount of 25,000 per share, payable quarterly in arrears
on each January 15, April 15, July 15 and October 15 (each, a dividend payment date ). Dividends declared will accrue (i) from the original issue date to, but excluding, January 15, 2027 (the first
reset date ), at a rate per annum of 3.70 and (ii) from and including the first reset date, during each reset period (as defined below), at a rate per annum equal to the five-year treasury rate (as defined below) as of the most recent
reset dividend determination date (as defined below), plus a spread of 2.541 . In the event that USB issues additional shares of Series N Preferred Stock after the original issue date, dividends on such shares may accrue from the original issue or
any other date specified by USB at the time such additional shares are issued. As used herein: 
 dividend period is the period from, and including, a dividend payment date to, but excluding, the next dividend payment date,
except that the initial dividend period will commence on and include the original issue date of the Series N Preferred Stock. 
 five-year treasury rate will be determined by the calculation agent on the applicable reset dividend determination date as the
average of the yields on actively traded U.S. treasury securities adjusted to constant maturity, for five-year maturities, for the five business days preceding the applicable reset dividend determination date appearing (or, if fewer than five
business days so appear, for such number of business days appearing) under the caption Treasury Constant Maturities in the most recently published H.15. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if USB or USB s designee (which may be an affiliate of USB), after consulting with USB, determines on the
relevant reset dividend determination date that the then-current reference rate (which as of the original issue date of the Series N Preferred Stock is the five-year treasury rate) cannot be determined in the manner applicable for such reference
rate (a rate substitution event ), USB or such designee, after consulting with USB, may determine whether there is an industry-accepted successor rate to the then-applicable reference rate (such successor rate, the replacement
rate ). If USB or such designee, after consultation with USB, determines there is such a replacement rate, then the replacement rate will replace the then-current reference rate for all purposes relating to the Series N Preferred Stock
(including the dividend rate) on such reset dividend determination date and thereafter. In addition, if a replacement rate is selected, USB or USB s designee (which may be an affiliate of USB), after consulting with USB, may then adopt and make
changes to (i) the reset date, the reset period, the reset dividend determination date, the day count convention, the business day convention, the definition of business day and the rounding conventions to be used and (ii) any other
relevant methodology or definition for determining or otherwise calculating such replacement rate, including any spread or adjustment factor needed to make such replacement rate comparable to the then-current reference rate (which as of the original
issue date of the Series N Preferred Stock is the five-year treasury rate), in each case in a manner that is 
 41 

substantially consistent with industry-accepted practices for the use of such replacement rate (the adjustments ). If USB or USB s designee (which may be an affiliate of USB),
after consulting with USB, determines that there is no such replacement rate, then the reference rate for the applicable reset dividend determination date will be deemed to be the same rate determined for the prior reset dividend determination date
or, in the case of the first reset dividend determination date, 3.70 . H.15 means the daily statistical release designated as
such, or any successor publication, published by the Federal Reserve Board or any successor. reference rate means, initially,
the five-year treasury rate; provided that if a rate substitution event has occurred with respect to the five-year treasury rate or the then-current reference rate, then reference rate means the applicable replacement rate. 
 reset date means the first reset date and each date falling on the fifth anniversary of the preceding reset date, subject to
adjustment as provided above. Reset dates, including the first reset date, will not be adjusted for business days. reset dividend
determination date means, in respect of any reset period, the day falling three business days prior to the beginning of such reset period. 
 reset period means the period from and including the first reset date to, but excluding, the next following reset date and
thereafter each period from, and including, each reset date to, but excluding, the next following reset date, subject to adjustment as provided above. 
 The applicable dividend rate for each reset period from and including the first reset date will be determined by the calculation agent, as of
the applicable reset dividend determination date. Promptly upon such determination, the calculation agent will notify USB of the dividend rate for the reset period. Any calculation or determination by the calculation agent with respect to the
dividend rate will be made in the calculation agent s sole discretion and will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error. Any
determination, decision or selection that may be made by USB or USB s designee pursuant to the provisions of the Series N Preferred Stock (including provisions relating to a rate substitution event, such as any determination with respect to
tenor, rate or adjustment, or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date, and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or make or refrain from making any selection)
will be made in USB s or such designee s sole discretion, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and will become effective without consent from the holders of the Series N Preferred Stock. 
 If any day on which dividends are payable on the Series N Preferred Stock is not a business day, then payment of the dividend payable on that
date will be made on the next succeeding day that is a business day, without any interest or other payment in respect of such delay. The record date for payment of dividends on the Series N Preferred Stock will be the last day of the immediately
preceding calendar month during which the dividend payment date falls. The amount of dividends payable for any period will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year
 
 42 

consisting of twelve 30-day months. Dollar amounts resulting from that calculation will be rounded to three decimal places, with 0.0005 being rounded
upward. For purposes of the Series N Preferred Stock, the term business day means each Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday or Friday on which banking institutions are not authorized or obligated by law, regulation or executive order to
close in New York, New York. Dividends on the Series N Preferred Stock will not be declared, paid or set aside for payment to the extent such act would cause USB to fail to comply with any applicable laws and regulations, including applicable
capital adequacy guidelines. The right of holders of the Series N Preferred Stock to receive dividends is
 non-cumulative. If USB s board of directors does not declare a dividend on the Series N Preferred Stock or declares less than a full dividend in respect of any dividend period, the holders of the Series N
Preferred Stock will have no right to receive any dividend or a full dividend, as the case may be, for that dividend period, and USB will have no obligation to pay a dividend or to pay full dividends for that dividend period, whether or not
dividends are declared and paid for any future dividend period with respect to the Series N Preferred Stock, Parity Stock, Junior Stock or any other class or series of USB s authorized Preferred Stock. 
 When dividends are not paid in full upon the Series N Preferred Stock and any other Parity Stock, dividends upon that stock will be declared
on a proportional basis so that the amount of dividends declared per share will bear to each other the same ratio that accrued dividends for the current dividend period per share on the Series N Preferred Stock, and accrued dividends, including any
accumulations, on such Parity Stock, bear to each other. No interest will be payable in respect of any dividend payment on the Series N Preferred Stock that may be in arrears. 
 Redemption The Series N Preferred Stock is not subject to any mandatory redemption, sinking fund or other similar
provision. The Series N Preferred Stock will be redeemable at USB s option, in whole or in part, at any time on or after
January 15, 2027 at a redemption price equal to 25,000 per share, plus any declared and unpaid dividends, without accumulation of any undeclared dividends. 
 In addition, within 90 days following the occurrence of a Regulatory Capital Treatment Event, USB, at its option, subject to the approval of
the Appropriate Federal Banking Agency, may redeem, at any time, all (but not less than all) of the shares of Series N Preferred Stock at the time outstanding, at a redemption price equal to 25,000 per share, plus any declared and unpaid
dividends, without accumulation of any undeclared dividends. For purposes of the Series N Preferred Stock, Regulatory Capital Treatment Event means the good faith determination by USB that, as a result of (i) any amendment to, or
change in, the laws or regulations of the United States or any political subdivision of or in the United States that is enacted or becomes effective after the initial issuance of any share of Series N Preferred Stock, (ii) any proposed change
in those laws or regulations that is announced after the initial issuance of any share of Series N Preferred Stock, or (iii) any official administrative decision or judicial decision or administrative action or other official pronouncement
interpreting or applying those laws or regulations that is announced after the initial issuance of any share of Series N Preferred Stock, there is more than 
 43 

an insubstantial risk that USB will not be entitled to treat the full liquidation value of the shares of Series N Preferred Stock then outstanding as additional tier 1 capital (or its
equivalent) for purposes of the capital adequacy guidelines of the Federal Reserve Board (or, as and if applicable, the capital adequacy guidelines or regulations of any successor Appropriate Federal Banking Agency), as then in effect and
applicable, for as long as any share of Series N Preferred Stock is outstanding. If shares of the Series N Preferred Stock are to be
redeemed, the notice of redemption will be given by first class mail to the holders of record of the Series N Preferred Stock to be redeemed, mailed not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days prior to the date fixed for redemption thereof
(provided that, if the depositary shares representing the Series N Preferred Stock are held in book-entry form through DTC, USB may give such notice in any manner permitted by the DTC). Each notice of redemption will include a statement setting
forth: (i) the redemption date, (ii) the number of shares of the Series N Preferred Stock to be redeemed and, if less than all the shares held by such holder are to be redeemed, the number of such shares to be redeemed from such holder,
(iii) the redemption price, (iv) the place or places where the certificates evidencing shares of Series N Preferred Stock are to be surrendered for payment of the redemption price and (v) that dividends on the shares to be redeemed
will cease to accrue on the redemption date. If notice of redemption of any shares of Series N Preferred Stock has been duly given and if the funds necessary for such redemption have been set aside by USB for the benefit of the holders of any shares
of Series N Preferred Stock so called for redemption, then, on and after the redemption date, dividends will cease to accrue on such shares of Series N Preferred Stock, such shares of Series N Preferred Stock will no longer be deemed outstanding and
all rights of the holders of such shares will terminate, except the right to receive the redemption price. In case of any redemption of
only part of the shares of the Series N Preferred Stock at the time outstanding, the shares to be redeemed will be selected either pro rata or in such other manner as USB may determine to be fair and equitable. 
 Under the Federal Reserve Board s risk-based capital guidelines applicable to bank holding companies, any redemption of the Series N
Preferred Stock is subject to prior approval of the Federal Reserve Board. Rights Upon Liquidation, Dissolution or Winding Up
 In the event of USB s liquidation, dissolution or winding up, the holders of the Series N Preferred Stock at the time outstanding will be entitled to receive a liquidating distribution in the amount of the liquidation preference
of 25,000 per share, plus any authorized, declared and unpaid dividends for the then-current dividend period to the date of liquidation, out of USB s assets legally available for distribution to USB s stockholders, before any distribution
is made to holders of USB s Common Stock or any Junior Stock and subject to the rights of the holders of any class or series of securities ranking senior to or on parity with the Series N Preferred Stock upon liquidation and the rights of
USB s depositors and other creditors. 
 44 

If the amounts available for distribution upon USB s liquidation, dissolution or
winding up are not sufficient to satisfy the full liquidation rights of all the outstanding Series N Preferred Stock and all stock ranking equal to the Series N Preferred Stock, then the holders of each series of Preferred Stock will share ratably
in any distribution of assets in proportion to the full respective preferential amount to which they are entitled. After the full amount of the liquidation preference is paid, the holders of Series N Preferred Stock will not be entitled to any
further participation in any distribution of USB s assets. For such purposes, USB s consolidation or merger with or into any
other entity, the consolidation or merger of any other entity with or into USB, or the sale of all or substantially all of USB s property or business will not be deemed to constitute USB s liquidation, dissolution or winding up. 
 Voting Rights Except as provided below, the holders of the Series N Preferred Stock have no voting rights. 
 Whenever dividends on any shares of the Series N Preferred Stock or any other class or series of Parity Stock have not been declared and paid
for an amount equal to six or more quarterly dividend periods (whether consecutive or not) or their equivalent, the holders of the Series N Preferred Stock (together with holders of any and all other classes of USB s authorized Preferred Stock
having equivalent voting rights, whether or not the holders of such Preferred Stock would be entitled to vote for the election of directors if such default in dividends did not exist) will be entitled to vote as a single class for the election of a
total of two additional members of USB s board of directors, provided that the election of any such directors will not cause USB to violate the corporate governance requirement of the New York Stock Exchange (or any other exchange on which
USB s securities may be listed) that listed companies must have a majority of independent directors and provided further that USB s board of directors will at no time include more than two Preferred Directors. In that event, the number of
directors on USB s board of directors will automatically increase by two and, at the request of any holder of Series N Preferred Stock, a special meeting of the holders of Series N Preferred Stock and any other class or series of Preferred
Stock that ranks on parity with the Series N Preferred Stock as to payment of dividends and for which dividends have not been paid, will be called for the election of the two directors (unless such request is received less than 90 days before
the date fixed for the next annual or special meeting of the stockholders, in which event such election will be held at such next annual or special meeting of stockholders), followed by such election at each subsequent annual meeting. These voting
rights will continue until full dividends have been paid regularly on the shares of the Series N Preferred Stock and any other class or series of Preferred Stock that ranks on parity with the Series N Preferred Stock as to payment of dividends for
at least four consecutive quarterly dividend periods or their equivalent following the Nonpayment. If and when full dividends have been
regularly paid for at least four consecutive quarterly dividend periods or their equivalent following a Nonpayment on the Series N Preferred Stock and any other class or series of Parity Stock, the holders of the Series N Preferred Stock will be
divested of the foregoing voting rights (subject to revesting in the event of each subsequent Nonpayment) and the term of office of each Preferred Director so elected will terminate and the number of directors on USB s board of directors will
automatically decrease by two. Any Preferred Director may be removed at any time without cause by the holders of record of a majority of the outstanding shares of the Series N Preferred Stock (together with holders of any
 
 45 

and all other classes of USB s authorized Preferred Stock having equivalent voting rights, whether or not the holders of such Preferred Stock would be entitled to vote for the election of
directors if such default in dividends did not exist) when they have the voting rights described above. So long as a Nonpayment continues, any vacancy in the office of a Preferred Director (other than prior to the initial election of the Preferred
Directors) may be filled by the written consent of the Preferred Director remaining in office, or if none remains in office, by a vote of the holders of the outstanding shares of Series N Preferred Stock (together with holders of any and all other
class of USB s authorized Preferred Stock having equivalent voting rights, whether or not the holders of such Preferred Stock would be entitled to vote for the election of directors if such default in dividends did not exist) to serve until the
next annual meeting of stockholders. The Preferred Directors will each be entitled to one vote per director on any matter. If the holders
of Series N Preferred Stock become entitled to vote for the election of Preferred Directors, the Series N Preferred Stock may be considered a class of voting securities under interpretations adopted by the Federal Reserve Board. As a result, certain
holders of the Series N Preferred Stock may become subject to regulations under the Bank Holding Company Act and/or certain acquisitions of the Series N Preferred Stock may be subject to prior approval by the Federal Reserve Board. 
 So long as any shares of Series N Preferred Stock remain outstanding: 

the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of at least two-thirds 
of all of the shares of the Series N Preferred Stock and all other Parity Stock at the time outstanding, voting as a single class without regard to series, will be required to issue, authorize or increase the authorized amount of, or to issue or
authorize any obligation or security convertible into or evidencing the right to purchase, any class or series of stock ranking senior to the Series N Preferred Stock and all other Parity Stock with respect to payment of dividends or the
distribution of assets upon USB s liquidation, dissolution or winding up; and 

the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of at least two-thirds 
of all of the shares of the Series N Preferred Stock at the time outstanding, voting separately as a class, will be required to amend the provisions of USB s Certificate of Incorporation or the Certificate of Designations of the Series N
Preferred Stock or any other series of Preferred Stock so as to materially and adversely affect the powers, preferences, privileges or rights of the Series N Preferred Stock, taken as a whole; provided, however, that any increase in the amount of
the authorized or issued Series N Preferred Stock or authorized Preferred Stock or the creation and issuance, or an increase in the authorized or issued amount, of other series of Preferred Stock and/or Junior Stock will not be deemed to adversely
affect the powers, preferences, privileges or rights of the Series N Preferred Stock. The foregoing voting provisions
will not apply if, at or prior to the time when the act with respect to which such vote would otherwise be required will be effected, all outstanding shares of Series N Preferred Stock have been redeemed or called for redemption upon proper notice
and sufficient funds have been set aside by USB for the benefit of the holders of the Series N Preferred Stock to effect such redemption. 
 46 

Series O Preferred Stock 
 General The depositary is the sole holder of the Series O Preferred Stock, as described below under the section entitled
 Description of Depositary Shares, and all references herein to the holders of the Series O Preferred Stock mean the depositary. However, the holders of depositary shares will be entitled, through the depositary, to exercise the
rights and preferences of the holders of the Series O Preferred Stock, as described below under Description of Depositary Shares. The holders of the Series O Preferred Stock have no preemptive rights with respect to any shares of
USB s capital stock or any of its other securities convertible into or carrying rights or options to purchase any such capital stock. 
 The holders of Series O Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive non-cumulative cash dividends
when, as and if declared out of assets legally available for payment of dividends. In the event USB does not declare dividends or does not pay dividends in full on the Series O Preferred Stock on any date on which dividends are due, then such unpaid
dividends will not cumulate and will no longer accrue and be payable. The Series O Preferred Stock is perpetual and will not be
convertible into shares of USB s Common Stock or any other class or series of USB s capital stock, and will not be subject to any sinking fund or other obligation for their repurchase or retirement. 
 Rank With respect to the payment of dividends and amounts upon liquidation, the Series O Preferred Stock ranks equally
with the Series A Preferred Stock, the Series B Preferred Stock, the Series J Preferred Stock, the Series K Preferred Stock, the Series L Preferred Stock, the Series M Preferred Stock and the Series N Preferred Stock and with any future class
or series of USB s capital stock that ranks on a par with the Series O Preferred Stock in the payment of dividends and in the distribution of assets on USB s liquidation, dissolution or winding up. With respect to the payment of dividends
and amounts upon liquidation, the Series O Preferred Stock ranks senior to USB s Common Stock and any other future class or series of USB s capital stock over which the Series O Preferred Stock has preference or priority in the payment of
dividends or in the distribution of assets on USB s liquidation, dissolution or winding up. USB may not issue any class of series of capital stock having a preference or priority in the payment of dividends or in the distribution of assets on
USB s liquidation, dissolution or winding up over the Series O Preferred Stock without the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of at least 66-2/3 of all of the shares of the Series O
Preferred Stock and all other Parity Stock, at the time outstanding, voting as a single class without regard to series. In particular,
during a dividend period and subject to certain exceptions, no dividend will be paid or declared and no distribution will be made on any Junior Stock, other than a dividend payable solely in Junior Stock, no shares of Junior Stock may be
repurchased, redeemed or otherwise acquired for consideration by USB, directly or indirectly (other than (i) as a result of reclassification of Junior Stock for or into Junior Stock, or the exchange or conversion of one share of Junior Stock
for or into another share of Junior Stock, (ii) through the use of the proceeds of a substantially contemporaneous sale of other shares of Junior Stock, (iii) purchases of shares of Junior Stock pursuant to a contractually binding
requirement to buy such Junior Stock existing prior to the commencement of the then-current dividend period, including under a 
 47 

contractually binding stock repurchase plan, (iv) any purchase, redemption or other acquisition of Junior Stock pursuant to any employee, consultant or director incentive or benefit plans or
arrangements of USB s or any of USB s subsidiaries (including any employment, severance or consulting arrangements adopted before or after the issuance of the Series O Preferred Stock) and (v) in connection with any underwriting,
stabilization, market-making or similar transactions in USB s capital stock by an investment banking subsidiary of USB in the ordinary course of such subsidiary s business), nor will any monies be paid to or made available for a sinking
fund for the redemption of any such securities by USB, and no shares of Parity Stock may be purchased, redeemed or otherwise acquired for consideration by USB otherwise than pursuant to pro rata offers to purchase all, or a pro rata portion, of the
Series O Preferred Stock and such Parity Stock except by conversion into or exchange for Junior Stock, unless full dividends for the most recently completed dividend period on all outstanding shares of Series O Preferred Stock have been paid or
declared and a sum sufficient for the payment thereof set aside. Dividends Dividends on shares of the Series O
Preferred Stock will not be mandatory. Holders of Series O Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by USB s board of directors or a duly authorized committee of the board, out of assets legally available for the
payment of dividends under Delaware law, non-cumulative cash dividends. Dividends on each share of Series O Preferred Stock will accrue on the liquidation preference amount of 25,000 per share at a
rate per annum equal to 4.50 payable quarterly in arrears on each January 15, April 15, July 15 and October 15. If any day on which dividends are payable on the Series O Preferred Stock is not a business day, then payment
of the dividend payable on that date will be made on the next succeeding day that is a business day, without any interest or other payment in respect of such delay. The record date for payment of dividends on the Series O Preferred Stock will be the
last day of the immediately preceding calendar month during which the dividend payment date falls. The amount of dividends payable for any period will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of
twelve 30-day months. Dollar amounts resulting from that calculation will be rounded to three decimal places, with 0.0005 being rounded upward. For purposes of the Series O Preferred Stock, the term
 business day means each Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday or Friday on which banking institutions are not authorized or obligated by law, regulation or executive order to close in New York, New York. Dividends on the Series O
Preferred Stock will not be declared, paid or set aside for payment to the extent such act would cause USB to fail to comply with any applicable laws and regulations, including applicable capital adequacy guidelines. 
 The right of holders of the Series O Preferred Stock to receive dividends is non-cumulative. If
USB s board of directors does not declare a dividend on the Series O Preferred Stock or declares less than a full dividend in respect of any dividend period, the holders of the Series O Preferred Stock will have no right to receive any dividend
or a full dividend, as the case may be, for that dividend period, and USB will have no obligation to pay a dividend or to pay full dividends for that dividend period, whether or not dividends are declared and paid for any future dividend period with
respect to the Series O Preferred Stock, Parity Stock, Junior Stock or any other class or series of USB s authorized Preferred Stock. 
 48 

When dividends are not paid in full upon the Series O Preferred Stock and any other Parity
Stock, dividends upon that stock will be declared on a proportional basis so that the amount of dividends declared per share will bear to each other the same ratio that accrued dividends for the current dividend period per share on the Series O
Preferred Stock, and accrued dividends, including any accumulations, on such Parity Stock, bear to each other. No interest will be payable in respect of any dividend payment on the Series O Preferred Stock that may be in arrears. 
 Redemption The Series O Preferred Stock is not subject to any mandatory redemption, sinking fund or other similar
provision. The Series O Preferred Stock will be redeemable at USB s option, in whole or in part, at any time on or after
April 15, 2027 at a redemption price equal to 25,000 per share, plus any declared and unpaid dividends, without accumulation of any undeclared dividends. 
 In addition, within 90 days following the occurrence of a Regulatory Capital Treatment Event, USB, at its option, subject to the approval of
the Appropriate Federal Banking Agency, may redeem, at any time, all (but not less than all) of the shares of Series O Preferred Stock at the time outstanding, at a redemption price equal to 25,000 per share, plus any declared and unpaid
dividends, without accumulation of any undeclared dividends. For purposes of the Series O Preferred Stock, Regulatory Capital Treatment Event means the good faith determination by USB that, as a result of (i) any amendment to, or
change in, the laws or regulations of the United States or any political subdivision of or in the United States that is enacted or becomes effective after the initial issuance of any share of Series O Preferred Stock, (ii) any proposed change
in those laws or regulations that is announced after the initial issuance of any share of Series O Preferred Stock, or (iii) any official administrative decision or judicial decision or administrative action or other official pronouncement
interpreting or applying those laws or regulations that is announced after the initial issuance of any share of Series O Preferred Stock, there is more than an insubstantial risk that USB will not be entitled to treat the full liquidation value of
the shares of Series O Preferred Stock then outstanding as additional tier 1 capital (or its equivalent) for purposes of the capital adequacy guidelines of the Federal Reserve Board (or, as and if applicable, the capital adequacy
guidelines or regulations of any successor Appropriate Federal Banking Agency), as then in effect and applicable, for as long as any share of Series O Preferred Stock is outstanding. 
 If shares of the Series O Preferred Stock are to be redeemed, the notice of redemption will be given by first class mail to the holders of
record of the Series O Preferred Stock to be redeemed, mailed not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days prior to the date fixed for redemption thereof (provided that, if the depositary shares representing the Series O Preferred Stock are
held in book-entry form through DTC, USB may give such notice in any manner permitted by the DTC). Each notice of redemption will include a statement setting forth: (i) the redemption date, (ii) the number of shares of the Series O
Preferred Stock to be redeemed and, if less than all the shares held by such holder are to be redeemed, the number of such shares to be redeemed from such holder, (iii) the redemption price, (iv) the place or places where the certificates
evidencing shares of Series O Preferred Stock are to be surrendered for payment of the redemption price and (v) that dividends on the shares to be redeemed will cease to accrue on the redemption date. If notice of redemption of any shares of
Series O Preferred Stock has been duly given and if the funds necessary for such redemption have been set aside by USB for the 
 49 

benefit of the holders of any shares of Series O Preferred Stock so called for redemption, then, on and after the redemption date, dividends will cease to accrue on such shares of Series O
Preferred Stock, such shares of Series O Preferred Stock will no longer be deemed outstanding and all rights of the holders of such shares will terminate, except the right to receive the redemption price. 
 In case of any redemption of only part of the shares of the Series O Preferred Stock at the time outstanding, the shares to be redeemed will
be selected either pro rata or in such other manner as USB may determine to be fair and equitable. Under the Federal Reserve
Board s risk-based capital guidelines applicable to bank holding companies, any redemption of the Series O Preferred Stock is subject to prior approval of the Federal Reserve Board. 
 Rights Upon Liquidation, Dissolution or Winding Up In the event of USB s liquidation, dissolution or winding up, the
holders of the Series O Preferred Stock at the time outstanding will be entitled to receive a liquidating distribution in the amount of the liquidation preference of 25,000 per share, plus any authorized, declared and unpaid dividends for the
then-current dividend period to the date of liquidation, out of USB s assets legally available for distribution to USB s stockholders, before any distribution is made to holders of USB s Common Stock or any Junior Stock and subject to
the rights of the holders of any class or series of securities ranking senior to or on parity with the Series O Preferred Stock upon liquidation and the rights of USB s depositors and other creditors. 
 If the amounts available for distribution upon USB s liquidation, dissolution or winding up are not sufficient to satisfy the full
liquidation rights of all the outstanding Series O Preferred Stock and all stock ranking equal to the Series O Preferred Stock, then the holders of each series of Preferred Stock will share ratably in any distribution of assets in proportion to the
full respective preferential amount to which they are entitled. After the full amount of the liquidation preference is paid, the holders of Series O Preferred Stock will not be entitled to any further participation in any distribution of USB s
assets. For such purposes, USB s consolidation or merger with or into any other entity, the consolidation or merger of any other
entity with or into USB, or the sale of all or substantially all of USB s property or business will not be deemed to constitute USB s liquidation, dissolution or winding up. 
 Voting Rights Except as provided below, the holders of the Series O Preferred Stock have no voting rights. 
 Whenever dividends on any shares of the Series O Preferred Stock or any other class or series of Parity Stock have not been declared and paid
for an amount equal to six or more quarterly dividend periods (whether consecutive or not) or their equivalent, the holders of the Series O Preferred Stock (together with holders of any and all other classes of USB s authorized Preferred Stock
having equivalent voting rights, whether or not the holders of such Preferred Stock would be entitled to vote for the election of directors if such default in dividends did not 
 50 

exist) will be entitled to vote as a single class for the election of a total of two additional members of USB s board of directors, provided that the election of any such directors will not
cause USB to violate the corporate governance requirement of the New York Stock Exchange (or any other exchange on which USB s securities may be listed) that listed companies must have a majority of independent directors and provided further
that USB s board of directors will at no time include more than two Preferred Directors. In that event, the number of directors on USB s board of directors will automatically increase by two and, at the request of any holder of Series O
Preferred Stock, a special meeting of the holders of Series O Preferred Stock and any other class or series of Preferred Stock that ranks on parity with the Series O Preferred Stock as to payment of dividends and for which dividends have not been
paid, will be called for the election of the two directors (unless such request is received less than 90 days before the date fixed for the next annual or special meeting of the stockholders, in which event such election will be held at such
next annual or special meeting of stockholders), followed by such election at each subsequent annual meeting. These voting rights will continue until full dividends have been paid regularly on the shares of the Series O Preferred Stock and any other
class or series of Preferred Stock that ranks on parity with the Series O Preferred Stock as to payment of dividends for at least four consecutive quarterly dividend periods or their equivalent following the Nonpayment. 
 If and when full dividends have been regularly paid for at least four consecutive quarterly dividend periods or their equivalent following a
Nonpayment on the Series O Preferred Stock and any other class or series of Parity Stock, the holders of the Series O Preferred Stock will be divested of the foregoing voting rights (subject to revesting in the event of each subsequent Nonpayment)
and the term of office of each Preferred Director so elected will terminate and the number of directors on USB s board of directors will automatically decrease by two. Any Preferred Director may be removed at any time without cause by the
holders of record of a majority of the outstanding shares of the Series O Preferred Stock (together with holders of any and all other classes of USB s authorized Preferred Stock having equivalent voting rights, whether or not the holders of
such Preferred Stock would be entitled to vote for the election of directors if such default in dividends did not exist) when they have the voting rights described above. So long as a Nonpayment continues, any vacancy in the office of a Preferred
Director (other than prior to the initial election of the Preferred Directors) may be filled by the written consent of the Preferred Director remaining in office, or if none remains in office, by a vote of the holders of the outstanding shares of
Series O Preferred Stock (together with holders of any and all other class of USB s authorized Preferred Stock having equivalent voting rights, whether or not the holders of such Preferred Stock would be entitled to vote for the election of
directors if such default in dividends did not exist) to serve until the next annual meeting of stockholders. The Preferred Directors will each be entitled to one vote per director on any matter. 
 If the holders of Series O Preferred Stock become entitled to vote for the election of Preferred Directors, the Series O Preferred Stock may
be considered a class of voting securities under interpretations adopted by the Federal Reserve Board. As a result, certain holders of the Series O Preferred Stock may become subject to regulations under the Bank Holding Company Act and/or certain
acquisitions of the Series O Preferred Stock may be subject to prior approval by the Federal Reserve Board. 
 51 

So long as any shares of Series O Preferred Stock remain outstanding: 

the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of at least two-thirds 
of all of the shares of the Series O Preferred Stock and all other Parity Stock at the time outstanding, voting as a single class without regard to series, will be required to issue, authorize or increase the authorized amount of, or to issue or
authorize any obligation or security convertible into or evidencing the right to purchase, any class or series of stock ranking senior to the Series O Preferred Stock and all other Parity Stock with respect to payment of dividends or the
distribution of assets upon USB s liquidation, dissolution or winding up; and 

the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of at least two-thirds 
of all of the shares of the Series O Preferred Stock at the time outstanding, voting separately as a class, will be required to amend the provisions of USB s Certificate of Incorporation or the Certificate of Designations of the Series O
Preferred Stock or any other series of Preferred Stock so as to materially and adversely affect the powers, preferences, privileges or rights of the Series O Preferred Stock, taken as a whole; provided, however, that any increase in the amount of
the authorized or issued Series O Preferred Stock or authorized Preferred Stock or the creation and issuance, or an increase in the authorized or issued amount, of other series of Preferred Stock and/or Junior Stock will not be deemed to adversely
affect the powers, preferences, privileges or rights of the Series O Preferred Stock. The foregoing voting provisions
will not apply if, at or prior to the time when the act with respect to which such vote would otherwise be required will be effected, all outstanding shares of Series O Preferred Stock have been redeemed or called for redemption upon proper notice
and sufficient funds have been set aside by USB for the benefit of the holders of the Series O Preferred Stock to effect such redemption. 
 Description of Depositary Shares 
 In this Description of Capital Stock, references to holders of depositary shares mean those who own depositary shares
registered in their own names, on the books that USB or the depositary maintain for this purpose, and not indirect holders who own beneficial interests in depositary shares registered in street name or issued in book-entry form through DTC. 
 This Description of Capital Stock summarizes specific terms and provisions of the depositary shares relating to USB s
outstanding series of Preferred Stock. As described above, all of USB s outstanding series of Preferred Stock were offered as fractional interests in such shares of Preferred Stock in the form of depositary shares. Each depositary share
represents a fractional ownership interest in a share of Preferred Stock, and will be evidenced by a depositary receipt. The shares of each series of Preferred Stock represented by depositary shares have been deposited under a deposit agreement
among USB, U.S. Bank National Association, as depositary, and the holders from time to time of the depositary receipts evidencing the depositary shares. Subject to the terms of the deposit agreement, each holder of a depositary share will be
entitled, through the depositary, in proportion to the applicable fraction of a share of Preferred Stock represented by such depositary share, to all the rights and preferences of the applicable series of Preferred Stock represented thereby
(including dividend, voting, redemption and liquidation rights). 
 52 

The depositary will distribute any cash dividends or other cash distributions received in
respect of the deposited Preferred Stock to the record holders of depositary shares relating to the underlying Preferred Stock in proportion to the number of depositary shares held by the holders. The depositary will distribute any property received
by it other than cash to the record holders of depositary shares entitled to those distributions, unless it determines that the distribution cannot be made proportionally among those holders or that it is not feasible to make a distribution. In that
event, the depositary may, with USB s approval, sell the property and distribute the net proceeds from the sale to the holders of the depositary shares in proportion to the number of depositary shares they hold. Record dates for the payment of
dividends and other matters relating to the depositary shares will be the same as the corresponding record dates for the applicable series of Preferred Stock. The amounts distributed to holders of depositary shares will be reduced by any
amounts required to be withheld by the depositary or by USB on account of taxes or other governmental charges. If USB redeems any shares
of Preferred Stock represented by depositary shares, the corresponding depositary shares will be redeemed from the proceeds received by the depositary resulting from the redemption of the Preferred Stock held by the depositary. The redemption price
per depositary share will be equal to the fraction of the share of Preferred Stock represented by the depositary share, plus any declared and unpaid dividends, without accumulation of any undeclared dividends. Whenever USB redeems shares of
Preferred Stock held by the depositary, the depositary will redeem, as of the same redemption date, the number of depositary shares representing the shares of Preferred Stock so redeemed. In case of any redemption of less than all of the outstanding
depositary shares, the depositary shares to be redeemed will be selected by the depositary pro rata or in such other manner determined by the depositary to be equitable. In any such case, USB will redeem depositary shares only in increments equal to
the denominator of the fraction of the share of Preferred Stock represented by one depositary share. When the depositary receives notice
of any meeting at which the holders of the applicable series of Preferred Stock are entitled to vote, the depositary will mail the information contained in the notice to the record holders of the depositary shares relating to such Preferred Stock.
Each record holder of the depositary shares on the record date, which will be the same date as the record date for the applicable series of Preferred Stock, may instruct the depositary to vote the amount of the Preferred Stock represented by the
holder s depositary shares. To the extent possible, the depositary will vote the amount of the Preferred Stock represented by depositary shares in accordance with the instructions it receives. USB will agree to take all reasonable actions that
the depositary determines are necessary to enable the depositary to vote as instructed. If the depositary does not receive specific instructions from the holders of any depositary shares, it will vote all depositary shares of that series held by it
proportionately with instructions received. 
 53 

Anti-Takeover Provisions 
 Provisions of federal banking law, the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL and USB s Certificate of Incorporation and
Bylaws described below may be deemed to have an anti-takeover effect and, together with the ability of USB s board of directors to issue shares of Preferred Stock and to set the voting rights, preferences and other terms of Preferred Stock, may
discourage, delay or prevent takeover attempts not first approved by USB s board of directors. These provisions also could discourage, delay or prevent the removal of incumbent directors or the assumption of control by stockholders. USB
believes that these provisions are appropriate to protect its interests and USB s stockholders. Restrictions on
Ownership . The Bank Holding Company Act requires a bank holding company (as defined in the Bank Holding Company Act) to obtain the approval of the Federal Reserve Board prior to acquiring more than five percent (5 of USB s
outstanding Common Stock. Any person, other than a bank holding company, is required to obtain prior approval of the Federal Reserve Board to acquire ten percent (10 or more of USB s outstanding Common Stock under the Change in Bank Control
Act. Any holder of twenty-five percent (25 or more of USB s outstanding Common Stock, other than an individual, is subject to regulation as a bank holding company, under the Bank Holding Company Act. 
 Stockholder Action by Written Consent . USB s Certificate of Incorporation authorizes action by the stockholders of USB only
pursuant to a meeting and not by a written consent. Special Meetings of Stockholders . USB s Bylaws provide that
special meetings of stockholders may be called only by USB s board of directors, USB s chief executive officer or by USB s secretary at the written request (a Special Meeting Request of holders of record of at least 25 
of the voting power of the outstanding stock of USB entitled to vote on the matter or matters to be brought before the proposed special meeting (the Requisite Percentage (such percentage to be based on the number of outstanding voting
shares of USB most recently disclosed prior to the date of the request for the special meeting by USB in its filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC )). A Special Meeting Request must be signed by each stockholder
requesting the special meeting (each, a Requesting Stockholder and must be accompanied by a notice setting forth the information specified in USB s Bylaws. Requesting Stockholders who collectively hold at least the Requisite
Percentage on the date the Special Meeting Request is submitted to USB s secretary must: (i) continue to hold at least the number of shares of stock set forth in the Special Meeting Request with respect to each such Requesting Stockholder
through the date of the special meeting; and (ii) submit a written certification (an Ownership Certification confirming the continuation of such holdings on the business day immediately preceding the special meeting, which
Ownership Certification must include the information specified in USB s Bylaws. A special meeting requested by stockholders will not
be held if: (i) the Special Meeting Request does not comply with the substantive and procedural requirements of the Certificate of Incorporation; (ii) the Special Meeting Request relates to an item of business that is not a proper subject
for stockholder action under applicable law; (iii) the Special Meeting Request is received by USB during the period commencing 90 days prior to the first anniversary of the date of the immediately preceding annual meeting of stockholders and
ending on the date of the next annual meeting; (iv) an annual or special meeting of stockholders that included a substantially similar item of business Similar Business (as determined in good faith by USB s board of
directors) was held not more than 120 days before the Special Meeting Request was received by USB s secretary; provided, however , that this clause (iv) does not apply if a material corporate event
 
 54 

relating to the item of business has occurred since the date of such prior annual or special meeting; (v) two or more special meetings of stockholders called pursuant to the request of
stockholders have been held within the 12-month period before the Special Meeting Request was received by the secretary; (vi) USB s board of directors has called or calls for an annual or special
meeting of stockholders to be held within 90 days after the Special Meeting Request is received by USB s secretary, and USB s board of directors determines in good faith that the business to be conducted at such meeting includes the
Similar Business; or (vii) such Special Meeting Request was made in a manner that involved a violation of the proxy rules of the SEC or other applicable law. 
 Advance Notice to Nominate Directors . Nominations of persons for election as directors at a meeting of stockholders called for
the purpose of electing directors may be made: (i) as specified in the notice of meeting (or any supplement thereto) given by or at the direction of USB s board of directors, including nominations made as described below under
 Stockholder Nominations Included in USB s Proxy Materials or nominations to be made pursuant to a Special Meeting Request; or (ii) by any stockholder in the following manner. 
 For any nomination to be properly made by a stockholder, other than nominations described below under Stockholder Nominations
Included in USB s Proxy Materials or nominations to be made pursuant to a Special Meeting Request, the stockholder must: (i) be a stockholder of record both at the time of giving of the notice referred to in the following clause and
at the time of the meeting of stockholders called for the purpose of electing directors and be entitled to vote at such meeting; and (ii) give written notice to USB s secretary so as to be received at USB s principal executive offices
not less than (A) with respect to an annual meeting of stockholders, 120 days in advance of the date of USB s previous year s annual meeting of stockholders, except that if no annual meeting was held in the previous year or the date
of the annual meeting has been changed by more than 30 days from the date contemplated at the time of the previous year s proxy statement, such notice must be so received by the later of: (1) the close of business on the date 90 days prior
to the meeting date; or (2) the close of business on the tenth day following the date on which such meeting date is first publicly announced or disclosed; and (B) with respect to a special meeting of stockholders for the election of
directors, the close of business on the seventh day following the date on which the notice of such meeting is first given to stockholders. 
 The required notice must contain the information specified in USB s Bylaws. To be eligible as a nominee for election or reelection as a
director, an individual must deliver (in accordance with the time periods prescribed for delivery of notice under USB s Bylaws) to USB s secretary at USB s principal executive offices a completed written questionnaire with respect to
the matters specified in USB s Bylaws and a written representation and agreement as to the matters specified in USB s Bylaws. 
 Stockholder Nominations Included in USB s Proxy Materials . If expressly requested in a Nomination Notice (as defined
below), USB will, subject to certain exceptions specified in USB s Bylaws, include in its proxy statement for any annual meeting of stockholders specified information regarding person(s) nominated for election (the Nominee(s) by a
Nominating Stockholder (as defined below), including any statement included in support of the election of the Nominee(s) to the board by the Nominating Stockholder in the Nomination Notice for inclusion in the proxy statement and other information
that USB or its board of directors determines, in their discretion, to include in the proxy statement relating to the nomination of the Nominee(s), including a statement in opposition to the nomination. Any Nominee(s) will also be included on
USB s form of proxy and ballot. 
 55 

A Nomination Notice may only be submitted by an Eligible Holder (as defined below) or group
of up to 20 Eligible Holders that has (individually and collectively, in the case of a group) satisfied, as determined by USB s board of directors, all applicable conditions and complied with all applicable procedures set forth in USB s
Bylaws (such Eligible Holder or group of Eligible Holders being a Nominating Stockholder ), including those described below. 
 USB is not be required to include in the proxy statement for an annual meeting of stockholders more Nominees than that number of directors
constituting the greater of (A) two and (B) 20 of the total number of USB directors on the last day on which a Nomination Notice may be submitted. 
 An Eligible Holder is a person who has either: (A) been a record holder of the Minimum Number (as defined below) of shares of
common stock continuously throughout the three-year period preceding and including the date of submission of the Nomination Notice, and continues to own at least such shares of common stock through the date of the annual meeting; or
(B) provides to the secretary, within the time period specified in USB s Bylaws, appropriate evidence of continuous ownership of such shares for such three-year period from one or more securities intermediaries. 
 An Eligible Holder or group of up to 20 Eligible Holders may submit a Nomination Notice only if the person or group (in the aggregate) has
continuously owned at least 3 of the number of outstanding shares of common stock as of the most recent date for which such amount is given in any filing by USB with the SEC prior to the submission of the Nomination Notice for the three year
period specified above. To nominate a Nominee (or Nominees), the Nominating Stockholder must, no earlier than 150 calendar days and no
later than 120 calendar days before the anniversary of the date that USB mailed its proxy statement for the prior year s annual meeting of stockholders, submit to the secretary at USB s principal executive office a notice (the
 Nomination Notice containing all of the information and accompanied by the documents specified in USB s Bylaws; provided, however, that if the annual meeting is not scheduled to be held within a period that commences 30
days before such anniversary date and ends 30 days after such anniversary date (an annual meeting date outside such period being referred to herein as an Other Meeting Date ), the Nomination Notice will be given in the manner provided
herein by the later of the close of business on the date that is 180 days prior to such Other Meeting Date or the tenth day following the date such Other Meeting Date is first publicly announced or disclosed: 
 Advance Notice of Other Proposals. For business other than a nomination for director to be properly brought before an annual
meeting by a stockholder, the stockholder must have given written notice to the secretary so as to be received at USB s principal executive offices not less than 120 days in advance of the date of USB s proxy statement released to
stockholders in 
 56 

connection with the previous year s annual meeting of stockholders, except that if no annual meeting was held in the previous year or the date of the annual meeting has been changed by more
than 30 days from the date contemplated at the time of the previous year s proxy statement, such notice must be so received a reasonable time before the solicitation is made. Each such notice must set forth as to each matter the stockholder
proposes to bring before the annual meeting the information specified in USB s Bylaws. DESCRIPTION OF NOTES 
 The following description of the 0.850 Medium-Term Notes, Series X (Senior), due June 7, 2024 (the Notes of USB was
provided in the pricing supplement dated May 31, 2017 and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission on June 1, 2017, and USB s pricing supplement dated November 22, 2019 and filed with the
Commission on November 22, 2019. The following description is qualified by reference to such pricing supplements and the description of the general terms and provisions of the Notes set forth in (i) USB s prospectus dated
April 21, 2017 and filed with the Commission on April 21, 2017 and (ii) USB s prospectus supplement dated April 21, 2017 and filed with the Commission on April 21, 2017. The following description of specified provisions
of the senior indenture, dated as of October 3, 1991, as amended by a first supplemental indenture, dated as of April 21, 2017, and as further amended or supplemented from time to time (the Indenture ), between USB and Citibank,
N.A., as trustee, and the Notes is qualified by reference to the actual provisions of the Indenture, including the definitions contained in the Indenture of some of the terms used below, and the Notes, copies of which are incorporated by reference
as exhibits to USB s Annual Report on Form 10-K. The Notes are a tranche of USB s
Medium-Term Notes, Series X (Senior). As of December 31, 2020, the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the Notes was 1,175,000,000. 
 The Notes were issued in minimum denominations of 100,000 and integral multiples of 1,000 in excess thereof. 
 USB may from time to time, without giving notice to or seeking the consent of the holders of the Notes, issue additional debt securities
having the same terms (except for the issue date, the offering price and, if applicable, the first interest payment date) and ranking equally and ratably with the Notes. Any such additional debt securities having such similar terms, together with
the Notes, will constitute a single series of debt securities for all purposes under the Indenture, including, without limitation, waivers, amendments and redemptions. 
 The Notes are USB s general unsecured and unsubordinated obligations, rank equally with all of USB s existing and future unsecured
and unsubordinated indebtedness from time to time outstanding and are considered part of the same series of notes as any of USB s other Medium-Term Notes, Series X (Senior), previously issued or issued in the future. The Notes will not be
subject to any sinking fund provisions and will not be convertible into or exchangeable for any of USB s equity interests. The Notes
are listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol USB24B . 
 57 

Interest and Principal Payments 
 The entire principal amount of the Notes will mature and become payable, together with unpaid interest, if any, accrued thereon on June 7,
2024 (the Stated Maturity Date unless redeemed earlier as described below under Redemption for Tax Reasons. The principal of each Note payable at maturity or earlier redemption, together with unpaid interest, if any,
will be paid in euro against presentation and surrender at the office or agency maintained for such purpose. The Notes bear interest at a
rate of 0.850 per year. Interest on the Notes is payable annually in arrears on June 7 (each an Interest Payment Date ). Interest payable on an Interest Payment Date will be paid to the persons in whose names the Notes are
registered at the close of business on the regular record date; provided, however, that interest payable at the Stated Maturity Date or earlier redemption date will be payable to the person to whom principal shall be payable. The regular record date
for the Notes will be May 23, whether or not a Business Day, immediately preceding the related Interest Payment Date; provided, however, that so long as the relevant global note is held by or on behalf of a common depositary for Euroclear Bank
SA/NV Euroclear ), Clearstream Banking S.A. Clearstream or any other clearing system, record date shall be a day when Euroclear, Clearstream or such other clearing system, as the case may be, is open for
business. Interest payable on an Interest Payment Date will be computed on the basis of an Actual/Actual (ICMA) (as defined in the rulebook of the International Capital Market Association) day count convention. 
 If any Interest Payment Date, the Stated Maturity Date or earlier redemption date falls on a day that is not a Business Day, the related
payment of principal, premium, if any, or interest will be made on the next succeeding Business Day as if made on the date the applicable payment was due, and no interest will accrue on the amount so payable for the period from and after such
Interest Payment Date, the Stated Maturity Date or such redemption date, as the case may be, to the date of such payment on the next succeeding Business Day. For purposes of the Notes, Business Day means any day, other than a Saturday or
Sunday, (i) which is not a day on which banking institutions in The City of New York or London are authorized or required by law, regulation or executive order to close and (ii) on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross
Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET 2) system (the TARGET 2 system) or any successor thereto, is open. So long as the relevant global
note is held on behalf of Euroclear, Clearstream or any other clearing system, notices to holders of Notes represented by the global note may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear, Clearstream or such other clearing system, as the
case may be. Currency of Payment 
 Principal, premium, if any, and interest payments in respect of the Notes, including any payments made upon any redemption of the Notes, will
be payable in euro. 
 58 

If the euro is unavailable in USB s good faith judgment for the payment of principal,
premium, if any, or interest with respect to the Notes, including any payments made upon any redemption of the Notes, due to the imposition of exchange controls or other circumstances beyond USB s control, is no longer used by the member states
of the European Monetary Union that have adopted the euro as their currency or is no longer used for the settlement of transactions by public institutions of or within the international banking community (and is not replaced by another currency),
USB is entitled to satisfy its obligations to holders of the Notes by making that payment in U.S. dollars on the basis of the Market Exchange Rate as computed by the exchange rate agent on the second Business Day before that payment is due, or if
such Market Exchange Rate is not then available, on the basis of the most recently available Market Exchange Rate on or before the date that payment is due or as otherwise determined by USB in good faith, if the foregoing is impracticable. Any
payment in respect of the Notes so made in U.S. dollars will not constitute a default under the Indenture. Neither the trustee nor the paying agent shall be responsible for obtaining exchange rates, effecting conversions or otherwise handling
redenominations. The Market Exchange Rate means the noon buying rate in The City of New York for cable transfers of euros as
certified for customs purposes (or, if not so certified, as otherwise determined) by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. In the event
that the euro is no longer used by the member states of the European Monetary Union that have adopted the euro as their currency or an official redenomination of the euro, USB s obligations with respect to payments on the Notes shall, in all
cases, be regarded immediately following such redenomination as providing for the payment of that amount of euros representing the amount of such obligations immediately before such redenomination. The Notes do not provide for any adjustment to any
amount payable under the Notes as a result of any change in the value of the euro relative to any other currency due solely to fluctuations in exchange rates. 
 All determinations referred to above made by the exchange rate agent will be at its sole discretion and will, in the absence of clear error,
be conclusive for all purposes and binding on the holders of the Notes. Payment of Additional Amounts 
 USB will, subject to the exceptions and limitations set forth below, pay as additional interest such additional amounts Additional
Amounts as are necessary in order that the net amount of such payment of the principal of and interest on a Note to a holder who is a U.S. Alien (as such term is defined below), after deduction for any present or future tax, assessment or
governmental charge of (a) the United States (as such term is defined below), or a political subdivision or authority thereof or therein or (b) any other jurisdiction in which any paying agent appointed by USB is organized or the location
from which payment is made, or any political subdivision or authority thereof (each of (a) and (b), a Relevant Jurisdiction ), imposed by withholding with respect to the payment, will not be less than the amount provided for in such
Note to be then due and payable. However, the foregoing obligation to pay Additional Amounts shall not apply: 

to any tax, assessment or governmental charge that would not have been so imposed but for the existence of any
present or former connection between such holder (or between a fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary, member or shareholder of, or holder of power over, such holder, if such holder is an estate, trust, partnership or corporation) and a Relevant
Jurisdiction, including, without limitation, such holder (or such fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary, member, shareholder or holder of a power) being considered as: 
 59 

being or having been present or engaged in a trade or business in the Relevant Jurisdiction or having had a
permanent establishment therein; 

having a current or former relationship with the Relevant Jurisdiction, including a relationship as a citizen or
resident or being treated as a resident thereof; or 

being or having been, for United States federal income tax purposes, a controlled foreign
corporation, a passive foreign investment company (including a qualified electing fund), a corporation that has accumulated earnings to avoid United States federal income tax or a private foundation or other tax-exempt organization; 

to any tax, assessment or other governmental charge imposed by reason of the holder (i) owning or having
owned, directly or indirectly, actually or constructively, 10 or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of USB entitled to vote, (ii) receiving interest described in Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended (the Code or (iii) being a controlled foreign corporation with respect to the United States that is related to USB by actual or constructive stock ownership; 

to any holder who is a fiduciary or partnership or other than the sole beneficial owner of the Note, but only to
the extent that a beneficiary or settlor with respect to such fiduciary or member of such partnership or a beneficial owner of the Note would not have been entitled to the payment of such Additional Amounts had such beneficiary, settlor, member or
beneficial owner been the holder of such Note; 

to any tax, assessment or governmental charge that would not have been imposed or withheld but for the failure of
the holder to comply with certification, identification or information reporting requirements under the Relevant Jurisdiction s income tax laws, without regard to any tax treaty, with respect to the payment, concerning the nationality,
residence, identity or connection with the Relevant Jurisdiction of the holder or a beneficial owner of such Note, if such compliance is required by the Relevant Jurisdiction s income tax laws, without regard to any tax treaty, as a
precondition to relief or exemption from such tax, assessment or governmental charge; 

to any tax, assessment or governmental charge that would not have been so imposed or withheld but for the
presentation by the holder of such Note for payment on a date more than 30 days after the date on which such payment became due and payable or the date on which payment thereof is duly provided for, whichever occurs later; 

to any estate, inheritance, gift, sales, transfer, excise, wealth or personal property tax or any similar tax,
assessment or governmental charge; 
 60 

to any tax, assessment or governmental charge that is payable otherwise than by withholding by USB or the paying
agent from the payment of the principal of or interest on such Note; 

to any tax, assessment or governmental charge required to be withheld by any paying agent from such payment of
principal of or interest on any Note, if such payment can be made without such withholding by any other paying agent; 

to any withholding or deduction on or in respect of any Note pursuant to sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code,
and the regulations, administrative guidance and official interpretations promulgated thereunder FATCA ), any agreement between USB and the United States or any authority thereof entered into for FATCA purposes or any fiscal or
regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of FATCA; or 

to any tax imposed as a result of any combination of the above. 
 The term United States means the United States of America, the States thereof (including the District of Columbia) and any other
political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein affecting taxation, and the term U.S. Alien means any beneficial owner of a Note other than a beneficial owner of a Note that is (A) a citizen or resident of the United
States; (B) a corporation, partnership or other entity treated as a corporation or a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes created or organized in or under the laws of the United States, any of its states or the District of Columbia;
(C) an estate whose income is subject to U.S. federal income tax regardless of its source; or (D) a trust which is subject to the supervision of a court within the United States and the control of one or more United States persons as
described in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code or that has a valid election in effect under applicable U.S. Treasury regulations to be treated as a United States person. 
 Redemption for Tax Reasons If USB has or
will become obliged to pay Additional Amounts as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Relevant Jurisdiction affecting taxation, or any change in official position regarding the application or interpretation of
such laws, regulations or rulings, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after June 7, 2017, and USB determines that such obligation cannot be avoided by the use of reasonable measures then available to it, USB may, at its option,
at any time, having given not less than 10 nor more than 60 days prior written notice to holders of the Notes, redeem, in whole, but not in part, the Notes at a redemption price equal to 100 of their principal amount, together with unpaid
interest, if any, on the Notes accrued to, but excluding, the redemption date, provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which USB would be obliged to pay such Additional Amounts if
a payment in respect to the Notes were due on such date. Prior to the transmission or publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, USB will deliver to the trustee an officer s certificate stating that it is entitled to
effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts and including a written opinion of independent counsel selected by USB showing that the conditions precedent to its right to so redeem the Notes has occurred. 
 61 

Restrictive Covenants 
 Subject to the provisions described under the section Consolidation, Merger and Sale of Assets, the Indenture prohibits: 

the issue, sale or other disposition of shares of or securities convertible into, or options, warrants or rights
to subscribe for or purchase shares of, voting stock of a principal subsidiary bank; 

the merger or consolidation of a principal subsidiary bank with or into any other corporation; or

the sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of a principal subsidiary bank,
 if, after giving effect to the transaction and issuing the maximum number of shares of voting stock that can be issued after the
conversion or exercise of the convertible securities, options, warrants or rights, USB would own, directly or indirectly, 80 or less of the shares of voting stock of the principal subsidiary bank or of the successor bank or the bank which acquires
the assets. In the Indenture, USB also agreed that it will not create, assume, incur or cause to exist any pledge, encumbrance or lien, as
security for indebtedness for money borrowed on: 

any shares of or securities convertible into voting stock of a principal subsidiary bank that USB owns directly
or indirectly; or 

options, warrants or rights to subscribe for or purchase shares of, voting stock of a principal subsidiary bank
that USB owns directly or indirectly, without providing that the senior debt securities of all series, including the Notes, will be
equally secured if, after treating the pledge, encumbrance or lien as a transfer to the secured party, and after giving effect to the issuance of the maximum number of shares of voting stock issuable after conversion or exercise of the convertible
securities, options, warrants or rights, USB would own, directly or indirectly 80 or less of the shares of voting stock of the principal subsidiary bank. 
 The Indenture defines the term principal subsidiary bank as U.S. Bank National Association. 
 The Indenture does not contain covenants specifically designed to protect holders from a highly leveraged transaction in which USB is
involved. Events of Default The
only events that constitute events of default under the Indenture with respect to the Notes are: 

USB s failure to pay any interest on any Note when due, which failure continues for 30 days;
 
 62 

USB s failure to pay any principal of or premium on any Note when due; 

USB s failure to make any sinking fund payment, when due, for any Note, if applicable;

USB s failure to perform any other covenant in the Indenture (other than a covenant included in the
Indenture solely for the benefit of a series of senior debt securities other than the Notes), which failure continues for 60 days after written notice; 

default in the payment of indebtedness for money borrowed under any indenture or instrument under which USB has
or a principal subsidiary bank has outstanding indebtedness in an amount in excess of 5,000,000 which has become due and has not been paid, or whose maturity has been accelerated and the default has not been cured or acceleration annulled within
60 days after written notice; and 

some events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization which involve USB or a principal subsidiary bank.
 If an event of default occurs and is continuing on any Notes outstanding under the Indenture, then the trustee or the
holders of at least 25 in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes may declare the principal amount (or, if any of the Notes are original issue discount notes, the amount payable at acceleration of maturity of such Notes to such holders)
of all of the Notes to be due and payable immediately, by notice as provided in the Indenture. At any time after a declaration of acceleration has been made on the Notes, but before the trustee has obtained a judgment for payment, the holders of a
majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes may, under some circumstances, rescind and annul this acceleration. 
 Subject to provisions in the Indenture relating to the duties of the trustee during a default, the trustee will not be under any obligation to
exercise any of its rights or powers under the Indenture at the request or direction of any of the holders of any Notes then outstanding under the Indenture, unless the holders offer to the trustee reasonable indemnity. The holders of a majority in
aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes will have the right to direct the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the trustee for such series, or exercising any trust or power conferred on such
trustee. USB must furnish to the trustee, annually, a statement regarding its performance on some of its obligations under the Indenture
and any default in its performance. Modification and Waiver 
 Except as otherwise specifically provided in the Indenture, modifications and amendments of the Indenture generally will be permitted only with
the consent of the holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes affected by the modification or amendment. However, none of the following modifications are effective against any holder without the consent of
the holders of each outstanding Note affected by the modification or amendment: 

changing the stated maturity of the principal of or any installment of principal or interest on any debt
security; 
 63 

reducing the principal amount of, or premium or interest on any debt security; 

changing any of USB s obligations to pay additional amounts; 

reducing the amount of principal of an original issue discount debt security that would be due and payable at
declaration of acceleration of its maturity; 

changing the place for payment where, or coin or currency in which, any principal of, or premium or interest on,
any debt security is payable; 

impairing the right to take legal action to enforce any payment of or related to any debt security;

reducing the percentage in principal amount of outstanding debt securities of any series required to modify,
amend, or waive compliance with some provisions of the Indenture or to waive some defaults; or 

modifying any of the above provisions. 
 The holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes can waive, as far as that series is concerned,
USB s compliance with some restrictive provisions of the Indenture. The holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount
of the outstanding Notes may waive any past default under the Indenture, except: 

a default in the payment of principal of, or premium, or interest on any senior debt security; or

a default in a covenant or provision of the Indenture that cannot be modified or amended without the consent of
the holder of each outstanding debt security of the series affected. The Indenture provides that, in determining
whether holders of the requisite principal amount of the outstanding Notes have given any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent or waiver, or whether a quorum is present at a meeting of holders of Notes: 

the principal amount of an original issue discount note considered to be outstanding will be the amount of the
principal of that original issue discount debt security that would be due and payable as of the date that the principal is determined at declaration of acceleration of the maturity of that original issue discount note; and 
 64 

the principal amount of a note denominated in a foreign currency or currency unit that is deemed to be
outstanding will be the U.S. dollar equivalent, determined on the date of original issuance for that note, of the principal amount (or, in the case of an original issue discount note, the U.S. dollar equivalent, determined on the date of original
issuance for that debt security, of the amount determined as provided in the bullet point above). Consolidation, Merger and Sale of
Assets Without the consent of the holders of the outstanding Notes, USB cannot consolidate with or merge into another corporation,
partnership or trust, or convey, transfer or lease substantially all of its properties and its assets, to a corporation, partnership or trust organized or validly existing under the laws of any domestic jurisdiction unless: 

the successor entity assumes USB s obligations on the Notes and under the Indenture; 

immediately after the transaction, USB would not be in default under the Indenture and no event which, after
notice or the lapse of time, would become an event of default under the Indenture, shall have occurred and be continuing; and 

other conditions are met. 
 Trustee, Paying Agent and Exchange Rate Agent 
 The Trustee for the Notes is Citibank, N.A. USB has designated Elavon Financial Services DAC as its paying agent and U.S. Bank Trust National
Association as its exchange rate agent for the Notes. Governing Law 
 The Indenture is, and the Notes are, governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York. 
 Book-Entry Delivery and Settlement The
Notes were issued in the form of one or more global notes in fully registered form, without coupons, and were deposited with, or on behalf of, a common depositary for, and in respect of interests held through, Euroclear and Clearstream. Except as
described herein, certificates will not be issued in exchange for beneficial interests in the global notes. Exchange of Global Notes for
Certificated Notes Subject to certain conditions, the Notes represented by the global notes are exchangeable for notes in
definitive form of like tenor in minimum denominations of 100,000 principal amount and multiples of 1,000 in excess thereof if: 

Clearstream, Euroclear or any successor thereto notifies USB that it is unwilling to act as a clearing system for
the Notes; 

USB, at its option, notifies the trustee in writing that it elects to cause the issuance of certificated notes;
or 
 65 

there has occurred and is continuing an event of default with respect to the Notes. 
 In all cases, definitive notes delivered in exchange for any global note or beneficial interest therein will be registered in the names, and
issued in any approved denominations, requested by or on behalf of the common depositary (in accordance with its customary procedures). 
 66 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-13>
 3
 d410791dex13.htm
 EX-13

EX-13 

Table of Contents 
 
 Exhibit 13 

 The following pages discuss in detail the financial results we achieved in 2022 results that reflect how we are creating the future now. 

 The following information appears in accordance with the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995: 

This report contains forward-looking statements about U.S. Bancorp. Statements that are not historical or current facts, including statements about beliefs and expectations, are forward-looking statements and are based on the information available to, and assumptions and estimates made by, management as of the date hereof. These forward-looking statements cover, among other things, future economic conditions and the anticipated future revenue, expenses, financial condition, asset quality, capital and liquidity levels, plans, prospects and operations of U.S. Bancorp. Forward-looking statements often use words such as anticipates, targets, expects, hopes, estimates, projects, forecasts, intends, plans, goals, believes, continue and other similar expressions or future or conditional verbs such as will, may, might, should, would and could. 
 Forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in forward-looking statements, including the following risks and uncertainties: 

Deterioration in general business and economic conditions or turbulence in domestic or global financial markets, which could adversely affect U.S. Bancorp s revenues and the values of its assets and liabilities, reduce the availability of funding to certain financial institutions, lead to a tightening of credit, and increase stock price volatility; 

Changes to statutes, regulations, or regulatory policies or practices, including capital and liquidity requirements, and the enforcement and interpretation of such laws and regulations, and U.S. Bancorp s ability to address or satisfy those requirements and other requirements or conditions imposed by regulatory entities; 

Changes in interest rates; 

Increases in unemployment rates; 

Deterioration in the credit quality of its loan portfolios or in the value of the collateral securing those loans; 

Risks related to originating and selling mortgages, including repurchase and indemnity demands, and related to U.S. Bancorp s role as a loan servicer; 

Impacts of current, pending or future litigation and governmental proceedings; 

Increased competition from both banks and non-banks;

Effects of climate change and related physical and transition risks; 

Changes in customer behavior and preferences and the ability to implement technological changes to respond to customer needs and meet competitive demands; 

Breaches in data security; 

Failures or disruptions in or breaches of U.S. Bancorp s operational or security systems or infrastructure, or those of third parties; 

Failures to safeguard personal information; 

Impacts of pandemics, including the COVID-19
 pandemic, natural disasters, terrorist activities, civil unrest, international hostilities and geopolitical events; 

Impacts of supply chain disruptions, rising inflation, slower growth or a recession; 

Failure to execute on strategic or operational plans; 

Effects of mergers and acquisitions and related integration; 

Effects of critical accounting policies and judgments; 

Effects of changes in or interpretations of tax laws and regulations; 

Management s ability to effectively manage credit risk, market risk, operational risk, compliance risk, strategic risk, interest rate risk, liquidity risk and reputation risk; and 

The risks and uncertainties more fully discussed in the section entitled Risk Factors of this report. 
 In addition, U.S. Bancorp s acquisition of MUFG Union Bank presents risks and uncertainties, including, among others: the risk that the cost savings, any revenue synergies and other anticipated benefits of the acquisition may not be realized or may take longer than anticipated to be realized; and the possibility that the combination of MUFG Union Bank with U.S. Bancorp, including the integration of MUFG Union Bank, may be more costly or difficult to complete than anticipated or have unanticipated adverse results. 
 In addition, factors other than these risks also could adversely affect U.S. Bancorp s results, and the reader should not consider these risks to be a complete set of all potential risks or uncertainties. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date hereof, and U.S. Bancorp undertakes no obligation to update them in light of new information or future events. 

22

Management s Discussion and Analysis 

22

Overview 

24

Statement of Income Analysis 

28

Balance Sheet Analysis 

35

Corporate Risk Profile 

35

Overview 

36

Credit Risk Management 

48

Residual Value Risk Management 

48

Operational Risk Management 

49

Compliance Risk Management 

49

Interest Rate Risk Management 

51

Market Risk Management 

52

Liquidity Risk Management 

55

Capital Management 

56

Line of Business Financial Review 

59

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 

62

Accounting Changes 

62

Critical Accounting Policies 

64

Controls and Procedures 

65

Reports of Management and Independent Accountants 

70

Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes 

138

Consolidated Daily Average Balance Sheet and Related Yields and Rates 

139

Supplemental Financial Data 

140

Company Information 

156

Managing Committee 

158

Directors 

21 

Table of Contents 

 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

Overview 

In 2022, U.S. Bancorp and its subsidiaries (the Company continued to demonstrate financial strength and a diversified business model by maintaining sound credit quality and a strong capital and liquidity position, while continuing to invest in key business initiatives to drive growth in the future. 

 MUFG Union Bank Acquisition

On December 1, 2022, the Company acquired MUFG Union Bank N.A. s core regional banking franchise MUB from Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group, Inc. Pursuant to the terms of a previously announced Share Purchase Agreement, the Company acquired all of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of MUB for a purchase price consisting of 5.5 billion in cash and approximately 44 million shares of the Company s common stock. The Company also received additional MUB capital of 3.5 billion upon completion of the acquisition. The additional capital received is held at the MUB subsidiary and required to be repaid to Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group, Inc. on or prior to the fifth anniversary date of the completion of the purchase, in accordance with the terms of the Share Purchase Agreement. As such, it is recognized as debt at the parent company. The transaction excludes the purchase of substantially all of MUB s Global Corporate Investment Bank (other than certain deposits), certain middle and back-office functions, and other assets. MUB operates approximately 300 branches in California, Washington and Oregon. The Company s 2022 results reflect MUB s operations for the month of December 2022, and the Company s balance sheet as of December 31, 2022 includes MUB s balances acquired or assumed in the transaction, including 81.4 billion in total assets, 53.1 billion of loans and 82.0 billion of deposits. As of the date of acquisition, MUB is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company and an affiliate of U.S. Bank National Association USBNA ), the Company s primary banking subsidiary. The Company expects to merge MUB into USBNA in connection with the conversion of MUB customers and systems to the USBNA platform over Memorial Day weekend in 2023. 
 Financial Performance

The Company earned 5.8 billion in 2022, or 3.69 per diluted common share, compared with 8.0 billion, or 5.10 per diluted common share in 2021. Financial performance for 2022, compared with 2021, included the following: 

Net interest income increased 2.2 billion (17.8 percent) due to the impact of rising rates on earnings assets and growth in average loan and investment securities balances, partially offset by deposit pricing and changes in funding mix; 

Noninterest income decreased 771 million (7.5 percent) primarily due to lower mortgage banking revenue, and lower other noninterest income driven by the impact of interest rate economic hedges related to the MUB acquisition, partially offset by higher trust and investment management fees and payment services revenue; 

Noninterest expense increased 1.2 billion (8.6 percent), reflecting operating expenses and merger and integration charges related to the MUB acquisition, along with increases in compensation and employee benefits expense, marketing and business development expense and other noninterest expense; 

The provision for credit losses increased 3.2 billion, driven by the impact of loan growth and increasing economic uncertainty, as well as the initial provision for credit losses related to the MUB acquisition and the provision impact of balance sheet repositioning and capital management actions taken in 2022 in connection with the acquisition; 

Average loans increased 36.6 billion (12.3 percent) primarily due to higher average commercial loans and residential mortgages, including the impact of the MUB acquisition; and 

Average deposits increased 28.1 billion (6.5 percent), driven by increases in average total savings deposits and time deposits including the impact of the MUB acquisition, partially offset by a decrease in average noninterest bearing deposits. 
 
 Credit Quality

The Company continues to maintain strong credit quality as it prudently manages credit underwriting. 

The allowance for credit losses was 7.4 billion at December 31, 2022, an increase of 1.2 billion compared with December 31, 2021. The increase included the impacts of the MUB acquisition, along with loan growth and increased economic uncertainty. 

Nonperforming assets were 1.0 billion at December 31, 2022, an increase of 138 million compared with December 31, 2021. The increase was driven by acquired balances related to the MUB acquisition, partially offset by decreases in nonperforming loans in the legacy portfolio. 

Net charge-offs were 1.1 billion in 2022, an increase of 381 million compared with 2021. The increase reflected approximately 179 million related to the purchase accounting treatment for acquired MUB loans, as well as the impact related to balance sheet repositioning and capital management actions taken during 2022 in connection with the acquisition. 
 
 Capital Management

At December 31, 2022, all of the Company s regulatory capital ratios exceeded regulatory well-capitalized requirements. 

The Company s common equity tier 1 capital ratio was 8.4 percent at December 31, 2022. 

During 2022, the Company announced a 4.3 percent increase in the quarterly dividend rate per common share. 
 
 The Company s financial strength, diversified business model and strong credit quality position it well for 2023. Economic uncertainty in both the domestic and global economies currently exists. The Company s business model is resilient due to disciplined credit underwriting standards and robust risk management infrastructure. The Company remains focused on prudent balance sheet growth and the prudent allocation of capital to lines of business and products best served to deliver on its strategic vision. The Company s growth strategy is focused on creating value for its customers, communities and shareholders, which will allow it to continue to generate industry-leading performance. 

22

Table of Contents 

TABLE 1

Selected Financial Data 

Year Ended December 31

 (Dollars and Shares in Millions, Except Per Share Data)

2022 

2021 

2020 

Condensed Income Statement

Net interest income

14,728 

12,494 

12,825 

Taxable-equivalent adjustment (a)

118 

106 

99 

Net interest income (taxable-equivalent basis) (b)

14,846 

12,600 

12,924 

Noninterest income

9,456 

10,227 

10,401 

Total net revenue

24,302 

22,827 

23,325 

Noninterest expense

14,906 

13,728 

13,369 

Provision for credit losses

1,977 

(1,173) 

3,806 

Income before taxes

7,419 

10,272 

6,150 

Income taxes and taxable-equivalent adjustment

1,581 

2,287 

1,165 

Net income

5,838 

7,985 

4,985 

Net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests

(13) 

(22) 

(26) 

Net income attributable to U.S. Bancorp

5,825 

7,963 

4,959 

Net income applicable to U.S. Bancorp common shareholders

5,501 

7,605 

4,621 

Per Common Share

Earnings per share

3.69 

5.11 

3.06 

Diluted earnings per share

3.69 

5.10 

3.06 

Dividends declared per share

1.88 

1.76 

1.68 

Book value per share (c)

28.71 

32.71 

31.26 

Market value per share

43.61 

56.17 

46.59 

Average common shares outstanding

1,489 

1,489 

1,509 

Average diluted common shares outstanding

1,490 

1,490 

1,510 

Financial Ratios

Return on average assets

.98 

1.43 

.93 

Return on average common equity

12.6 

16.0 

10.0 

Net interest margin (taxable-equivalent basis) (a)

2.72 

2.49 

2.68 

Efficiency ratio (b)

61.4 

60.4 

57.8 

Net charge-offs as a percent of average loans outstanding

.32 

.23 

.58 

Average Balances

Loans

333,573 

296,965 

307,269 

Loans held for sale

3,829 

8,024 

6,985 

Investment securities (d)

169,442 

154,702 

125,954 

Earning assets

545,343 

506,141 

481,402 

Assets

592,149 

556,532 

531,207 

Noninterest-bearing deposits

120,394 

127,204 

98,539 

Deposits

462,384 

434,281 

398,615 

Short-term borrowings

25,740 

14,774 

19,182 

Long-term debt

33,114 

36,682 

44,040 

Total U.S. Bancorp shareholders equity

50,416 

53,810 

52,246 

Period End Balances

Loans

388,213 

312,028 

297,707 

Investment securities

161,650 

174,821 

136,840 

Assets

674,805 

573,284 

553,905 

Deposits

524,976 

456,083 

429,770 

Long-term debt

39,829 

32,125 

41,297 

Total U.S. Bancorp shareholders equity

50,766 

54,918 

53,095 

Asset Quality

Nonperforming assets

1,016 

878 

1,298 

Allowance for credit losses

7,404 

6,155 

8,010 

Allowance for credit losses as a percentage of period-end 
loans

1.91 

1.97 

2.69 

Capital Ratios

Common equity tier 1 capital

8.4 

10.0 

9.7 

Tier 1 capital

9.8 

11.6 

11.3 

Total risk-based capital

11.9 

13.4 

13.4 

Leverage

7.9 

8.6 

8.3 

Total leverage exposure

6.4 

6.9 

7.3 

Tangible common equity to tangible assets (b)

4.5 

6.8 

6.9 

Tangible common equity to risk-weighted assets (b)

6.0 

9.2 

9.5 

Common equity tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets, reflecting the full implementation of the current expected credit losses methodology (b)

8.1 

9.6 

9.3 

(a)

Based on a federal income tax rate of 21 percent for those assets and liabilities whose income or expense is not included for federal income tax purposes. 

(b)

See Non-GAAP 
Financial Measures beginning on page 59. 

(c)

Calculated as U.S. Bancorp common shareholders equity divided by common shares outstanding at end of the period. 

(d)
 
 Excludes unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale

 investment securities and any premiums or discounts recorded related to the transfer of investment securities at fair value from available-for-sale

 to held-to-maturity.

23

Table of Contents 

 Earnings Summary 

The Company reported net income attributable to U.S. Bancorp of 5.8 billion in 2022, or 3.69 per diluted common share, compared with 8.0 billion, or 5.10 per diluted common share, in 2021. Return on average assets and return on average common equity were 0.98 percent and 12.6 percent, respectively, in 2022, compared with 1.43 percent and 16.0 percent, respectively, in 2021. The results for 2022 included the impact of the 2022 acquisition of MUB. The transaction closed on December 1, 2022 and results reflect one month of operating results of MUB including 255 million of net interest income, 47 million of fee income and 221 million of noninterest expense. In addition, the results for 2022 included the impact of certain actions directly related to the acquisition, including 399 million of losses primarily related to interest rate economic hedges, entered into after regulatory approval for the acquisition was obtained, to manage the impact of interest rate volatility on capital prior to closing the transaction, 329 million of merger and integration charges, and 791 million of provision for credit losses related to acquired loans and balance sheet repositioning and capital management actions taken in the fourth quarter of 2022 in connection with the acquisition. Combined, these items decreased 2022 diluted earnings per common share by 0.76. 
 Total net revenue for 2022 was 1.5 billion (6.5 percent) higher than 2021, reflecting a 17.9 percent increase in net interest income (17.8 percent on a taxable-equivalent basis) and a 7.5 percent decrease in noninterest income. The increase in net interest income from the prior year was due to the impact of rising rates on earning assets and strong growth in average loan and investment securities balances, partially offset by deposit pricing and changes in funding mix. The reduction in noninterest income reflected lower mortgage banking revenue due to a decline in refinancing activities, and lower other noninterest income driven by the impact of interest rate economic hedges related to the MUB acquisition, partially offset by higher trust and investment management fees and payment services revenue. 

 Noninterest expense in 2022 was 1.2 billion (8.6 percent) higher than 2021, reflecting operating expenses and merger and integration charges related to the MUB acquisition, as well as increases in legacy compensation and employee benefits expense, marketing and business development expense and other noninterest expense. 

 Results for 2021 Compared With 2020 

For discussion related to changes in financial condition and results of operations for 2021 compared with 2020, refer to Management s Discussion 

 and Analysis in the Company s Annual Report for the year ended December 31, 2021, included as Exhibit 13 to the Company s Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 22, 2022. 

 Statement of Income Analysis 

Net Interest Income 

Net interest income, on a taxable-equivalent basis, was 14.8 billion in 2022, compared with 12.6 billion in 2021. The 2.2 billion (17.8 percent) increase in net interest income, on a taxable-equivalent basis, in 2022 compared with 2021, was primarily due to the impact of rising interest rates on earning assets, strong growth in loan and investment securities balances and the impact of loans and investment securities acquired related to MUB partially offset by deposit pricing and changes in funding mix. Average earning assets were 39.2 billion (7.7 percent) higher in 2022, compared with 2021, reflecting increases in loans and investment securities, partially offset by a decrease in interest-bearing deposits with banks. The net interest margin, on a taxable-equivalent basis, in 2022 was 2.72 percent, compared with 2.49 percent in 2021. The increase in the net interest margin in 2022, compared with 2021, was due to the impact of higher rates on earning assets, partially offset by deposit pricing and short-term borrowing costs given the rise in short-term interest rates. Refer to the Interest Rate Risk Management section for further information on the sensitivity of the Company s net interest income to changes in interest rates. 
 Average total loans were 333.6 billion in 2022, compared with 297.0 billion in 2021. The 36.6 billion (12.3 percent) increase was due to growth in all loan classes, including a 4.6 billion impact related to the MUB acquisition. Average commercial loans increased 20.9 billion (20.4 percent), primarily due to higher utilization driven by working capital needs of corporate customers, slower payoffs given higher volatility in the capital markets, as well as core growth. Average residential mortgages increased 10.1 billion (13.6 percent) driven by slower refinance activity, along with the impact related to the MUB acquisition. Average commercial real estate loans increased 2.3 billion (6.0 percent), primarily the result of reduced payoff activity and MUB balances. Average credit card loans increased 1.8 billion (8.5 percent) primarily due to increased consumer spending, account growth and lower payment rates. Average other retail loans increased 1.4 billion (2.4 percent), driven by higher auto and recreational vehicle loans, partially offset by lower retail leasing balances. 

24

Table of Contents 

TABLE 2

Analysis of Net Interest Income (a)

Year Ended December 31 (Dollars in Millions) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

2022

 v 2021

2021

 v 2020

Components of Net Interest Income

Income on earning assets (taxable-equivalent basis)

18,066 

13,593 

14,942 

4,473 

(1,349) 
 
 Expense on interest-bearing liabilities (taxable-equivalent basis)

3,220 

993 

2,018 

2,227 

(1,025) 
 
 Net interest income (taxable-equivalent basis) (b)

14,846 

12,600 

12,924 

2,246 

(324) 
 
 Net interest income, as reported

14,728 

12,494 

12,825 

2,234 

(331) 
 
 Average Yields and Rates Paid

Earning assets yield (taxable-equivalent basis)

3.31 

2.69 

3.10 

.62 

(.41) 
 
 Rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities (taxable-equivalent basis)

.80 

.28 

.56 

.52 

(.28) 
 
 Gross interest margin (taxable-equivalent basis)

2.51 

2.41 

2.54 

.10 

(.13) 
 
 Net interest margin (taxable-equivalent basis)

2.72 

2.49 

2.68 

.23 

(.19) 
 
 Average Balances

Investment securities (c)

169,442 

154,702 

125,954 

14,740 

28,748 

Loans

333,573 

296,965 

307,269 

36,608 

(10,304) 
 
 Earning assets

545,343 

506,141 

481,402 

39,202 

24,739 

Noninterest-bearing deposits

120,394 

127,204 

98,539 

(6,810) 

28,665 

Interest-bearing deposits

341,990 

307,077 

300,076 

34,913 

7,001 

Total deposits

462,384 

434,281 

398,615 

28,103 

35,666 

Interest-bearing liabilities

400,844 

358,533 

363,298 

42,311 

(4,765) 

(a)

Interest and rates are presented on a fully taxable-equivalent basis based on a federal income tax rate of 21 percent. 

(b)

See Non-GAAP 
Financial Measures beginning on page 59. 

(c)

Excludes unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale 

investment securities and any premiums or discounts recorded related to the transfer of investment securities at fair value from available-for-sale 

to held-to-maturity.

Average investment securities in 2022 were 14.7 billion (9.5 percent) higher than in 2021, primarily due to purchases of mortgage-backed and U.S. Treasury securities, net of prepayments, sales and maturities in the legacy portfolio, along with the 1.2 billion impact of the MUB acquisition. 

 Average total deposits for 2022 were 28.1 billion (6.5 percent) higher than 2021, including the 7.2 billion impact of the MUB acquisition. Average total savings deposits were 28.8 billion (10.2 percent) higher in 2022, compared with 2021, driven by increases in Corporate and Commercial Banking, and Consumer and Business Banking balances, partially offset by 

decreases in Wealth Management and Investment Services balances. Average time deposits for 2022 were 6.1 billion (24.8 percent) higher than 2021, primarily driven by increases in Corporate and Commercial Banking balances, partially offset by decreases in Consumer and Business Banking balances. Changes in time deposits are primarily related to those deposits managed as an alternative to other funding sources, based largely on relative pricing and liquidity characteristics. Average noninterest-bearing deposits were 6.8 billion (5.4 percent) lower in 2022, compared with 2021, driven by decreases in Corporate and Commercial Banking, and Payment Services balances. 

25

Table of Contents 

TABLE 3

Net Interest Income Changes Due to Rate and Volume (a)

2022 v 2021 

2021 v 2020 

Year Ended December 31 (Dollars in Millions) 
 
 Volume 

Yield/Rate 

Total 

Volume 

Yield/Rate 

Total 

Increase (decrease) in

Interest Income

Investment securities

231 

792 

1,023 

569 

(623) 

(54) 
 
 Loans held for sale

(121) 

90 

(31) 

32 

(16) 

16 

Loans

Commercial

547 

1,109 

1,656 

(311) 

(197) 

(508) 
 
 Commercial real estate

73 

363 

436 

(63) 

(175) 

(238) 
 
 Residential mortgages

336 

(38) 

298 

35 

(224) 

(189) 
 
 Credit card

193 

112 

305 

(74) 

(40) 

(114) 
 
 Other retail

50 

116 

166 

95 

(321) 

(226) 
 
 Total loans

1,199 

1,662 

2,861 

(318) 

(957) 

(1,275) 
 
 Interest-bearing deposits with banks

(8) 

525 

517 

9 

(27) 

(18) 
 
 Other earning assets

8 

95 

103 

(3) 

(15) 

(18) 
 
 Total earning assets

1,309 

3,164 

4,473 

289 

(1,638) 

(1,349) 

Interest Expense

Interest-bearing deposits

Interest checking

3 

250 

253 

15 

(56) 

(41) 
 
 Money market savings

16 

1,005 

1,021 

(37) 

(292) 

(329) 
 
 Savings accounts

1 

2 

3 

9 

(48) 

(39) 
 
 Time deposits

23 

252 

275 

(110) 

(111) 

(221) 
 
 Total interest-bearing deposits

43 

1,509 

1,552 

(123) 

(507) 

(630) 
 
 Short-term borrowings

52 

446 

498 

(33) 

(41) 

(74) 
 
 Long-term debt

(59) 

236 

177 

(155) 

(166) 

(321) 
 
 Total interest-bearing liabilities

36 

2,191 

2,227 

(311) 

(714) 

(1,025) 
 
 Increase (decrease) in net interest income

1,273 

973 

2,246 

600 

(924) 

(324) 

(a)

This table shows the components of the change in net interest income by volume and rate on a taxable-equivalent basis based on a federal income tax rate of 21 percent. This table does not take into account the level of noninterest-bearing funding, nor does it fully reflect changes in the mix of assets and liabilities. The change in interest not solely due to changes in volume or rates has been allocated on a pro-rata
 basis to volume and yield/rate. 

Provision for Credit Losses

 The provision for credit losses reflects changes in economic conditions and the size and credit quality of the entire portfolio of loans. The Company maintains an allowance for credit losses considered appropriate by management for expected losses, based on factors discussed in the Analysis and Determination of Allowance for Credit Losses section. 
 The provision for credit losses was 2.0 billion in 2022, compared with a benefit of 1.2 billion in 2021. The change was driven by the Company recognizing a provision for credit losses of 662 million during 2022 related to the acquisition of MUB and a 129 million provision impact of balance sheet repositioning and capital management actions taken in the fourth quarter of 2022, along with the impact of strong loan growth in the legacy portfolio and increasing economic uncertainty. The benefit recognized in 2021 reflected the enactment of government 

stimulus programs and economic recovery from the pandemic in the United States, which resulted in decreases in the allowance for credit losses. Net charge-offs increased 381 billion (55.9 percent) in 2022, compared with 2021, reflecting 179 million of uncollectible MUB acquired loans, of which the majority of this balance related to loans that were previously charged-off by MUB, along with 189 million of net charge-offs related to balance sheet repositioning and capital management actions taken in the fourth quarter of 2022 in connection with the acquisition. 

 Refer to Corporate Risk Profile for further information on the provision for credit losses, net charge-offs, nonperforming assets and other factors considered by the Company in assessing the credit quality of the loan portfolio and establishing the allowance for credit losses. 

26

Table of Contents 

TABLE 4

Noninterest Income 

Year Ended December 31 (Dollars in Millions) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

2022 v 2021 

2021 v 2020 

Card revenue

1,512 

1,507 

1,338 

.3 

12.6 

Corporate payment products revenue

698 

575 

497 

21.4 

15.7 

Merchant processing services

1,579 

1,449 

1,261 

9.0 

14.9 

Trust and investment management fees

2,209 

1,832 

1,736 

20.6 

5.5 

Service charges

1,298 

1,338 

1,245 

(3.0) 

7.5 

Commercial products revenue

1,105 

1,102 

1,143 

.3 

(3.6) 
 
 Mortgage banking revenue

527 

1,361 

2,064 

(61.3) 

(34.1) 
 
 Investment products fees

235 

239 

192 

(1.7) 

24.5 

Securities gains (losses), net

20 

103 

177 

(80.6) 

(41.8) 
 
 Other

273 

721 

748 

(62.1) 

(3.6) 
 
 Total noninterest income

9,456 
 (a)

10,227 

10,401 

(7.5) 

(1.7) 

(a)

Includes 399 million of losses primarily related to interest rate economic hedges, entered into after regulatory approval for the MUB acquisition was obtained, to manage the impact of interest rate volatility on capital prior to closing the transaction. 

Noninterest Income

 Noninterest income in 2022 was 9.5 billion, compared with 10.2 billion in 2021. The 771 million (7.5 percent) decrease in 2022 from 2021 reflected lower mortgage banking revenue, lower other noninterest income, lower service charges and lower gains on the sale of securities, partially offset by higher trust and investment management fees and payment services revenue. Mortgage banking revenue decreased 61.3 percent in 2022, compared with 2021, reflecting lower application volume, given declining refinancing activities experienced in the mortgage industry, lower related gain on sale margins and lower performing loan sales, partially offset by increases in mortgage servicing rights MSRs valuations, net of hedging activities. Other noninterest income decreased 62.1 percent in 2022, compared with 2021, primarily due to the impact of interest rate economic hedges, entered into after regulatory approval of the MUB acquisition was obtained, to manage the impact of interest rate volatility on capital prior to closing the transaction in December, as well as lower retail leasing end-of-term

 residual gains. Service charges 

 decreased 3.0 percent primarily due to the impact of the elimination of certain consumer overdraft fees in 2022. Trust and investment management fees increased 20.6 percent primarily due to lower money market fee waivers, activity related to the fourth quarter of 2021 acquisition of PFM Asset Management LLC PFM and core business growth, partially offset by unfavorable market conditions. Payment services revenue increased in 2022, compared with 2021, driven by a 21.4 percent increase in corporate payment products revenue and a 9.0 percent increase in merchant processing services revenue. Corporate payment products revenue increased due to improving business spending across all product groups, while merchant processing services revenue increased driven by higher sales volume and merchant fees. The increase in merchant processing services revenue was partially offset by the impact of foreign currency rate changes, as the U.S. dollar has strengthened considerably compared to European currencies given recent uncertainties in Europe. 

TABLE 5

Noninterest Expense 

Year Ended December 31 (Dollars in Millions) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

2022 v 2021 

2021 v 2020 

Compensation and employee benefits

9,157 

8,728 

7,938 

4.9 

10.0 

Net occupancy and equipment

1,096 

1,048 

1,092 

4.6 

(4.0) 
 
 Professional services

529 

492 

430 

7.5 

14.4 

Marketing and business development

456 

366 

318 

24.6 

15.1 

Technology and communications

1,726 

1,728 

1,582 

(.1) 

9.2 

Other intangibles

215 

159 

176 

35.2 

(9.7) 
 
 Other

1,398 

1,207 

1,833 

15.8 

(34.2) 
 
 Total before merger and integration charges

14,577 

13,728 

13,369 

6.2 

2.7 

Merger and integration charges

329 

Total noninterest expense

14,906 

13,728 

13,369 

8.6 

2.7 

Efficiency ratio (a)

61.4 

60.4 

57.8 

Not meaningful 

(a)

See Non-GAAP
 Financial Measures beginning on page 59. 

27

Table of Contents 
 Noninterest Expense

 Noninterest expense in 2022 was 14.9 billion, compared with 13.7 billion in 2021. The Company s efficiency ratio was 61.4 percent in 2022, compared with 60.4 percent in 2021. The 1.2 billion (8.6 percent) increase in noninterest expense in 2022 over 2021 was driven by higher compensation and employee benefits expense, marketing and business development expense, net occupancy and equipment expense and other noninterest expense. The increase in noninterest expense included the impact of the MUB acquisition, including 329 million of merger and integration-related charges and 42 million of intangible amortization primarily related to core deposit intangibles. Compensation and employee benefits expense increased 4.9 percent in 2022 over 2021, primarily due to MUB expense as well as merit increases and hiring to support business growth and higher post-pandemic medical expenses, partially offset by lower performance-based incentives and variable compensation. Marketing and business development expense increased 24.6 percent due to the timing of marketing campaigns as well as increased travel and entertainment. Net occupancy and equipment expense increased 4.6 percent to support business growth. Other noninterest expense increased 15.8 percent due to accruals related to future delivery exposures for merchant and airline processing as processing volumes recover, higher Federal Deposit Insurance Company FDIC insurance expense driven by an increase in the assessment base and rate, and higher other accruals, partially offset by lower costs related to tax-advantaged
 projects and lower other expenses related to the decline in mortgage production. 
 Income Tax Expense

 The provision for income taxes was 1.5 billion (an effective rate of 20.0 percent) in 2022, compared with 2.2 billion (an effective rate of 21.5 percent) in 2021. 

 For further information on income taxes, refer to Note 19 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 Balance Sheet Analysis 

Average earning assets were 545.3 billion in 2022, compared with 506.1 billion in 2021. The increase in average earning assets of 39.2 billion (7.7 percent), including the 6.5 billion (1.3 percent) impact of the MUB acquisition, was primarily due to increases in loans of 36.6 billion (12.3 percent) and investment securities of 14.7 billion (9.5 percent), partially offset by a decrease in interest-bearing deposits with banks of 8.5 billion (21.3 percent). 

 For average balance information, refer to Consolidated Daily Average Balance Sheet and Related Yields and Rates on page 138. 

 Loans

 The Company s loan portfolio was 388.2 billion at December 31, 2022, compared with 312.0 billion at December 31, 2021, an increase of 76.2 billion (24.4 percent), which includes 53.1 billion of loans acquired from MUB. The increase was driven by increases in residential mortgages of 39.4 billion (51.4 percent), commercial loans of 23.7 billion (21.1 percent), commercial real estate loans of 16.4 billion (42.1 percent), credit card loans of 3.8 billion (16.9 percent), partially offset by a decrease in other retail loans of 7.1 billion (11.4 percent). Table 6 provides a summary of the loan distribution by product type, while Table 7 provides a summary of the selected loan maturity distribution by loan category. Average total loans increased 36.6 billion (12.3 percent) in 2022, compared with 2021. The increase was primarily driven by higher commercial loans and residential mortgages. 

28

Table of Contents 

TABLE 6

Loan Portfolio Distribution 

2022

2021

At December 31 (Dollars in Millions) 
 
 Amount 

Percent of Total 

Amount 

Percent of Total 

Commercial

Commercial

131,128 

33.8 

106,912 

34.3 

Lease financing

4,562 

1.2 

5,111 

1.6 

Total commercial

135,690 

35.0 

112,023 

35.9 

Commercial Real Estate

Commercial mortgages

43,765 

11.3 

28,757 

9.2 

Construction and development

11,722 

3.0 

10,296 

3.3 

Total commercial real estate

55,487 

14.3 

39,053 

12.5 

Residential Mortgages

Residential mortgages

107,858 

27.8 

67,546 

21.6 

Home equity loans, first liens

7,987 

2.0 

8,947 

2.9 

Total residential mortgages

115,845 

29.8 

76,493 

24.5 

Credit Card

26,295 

6.8 

22,500 

7.2 

Other Retail

Retail leasing

5,519 

1.4 

7,256 

2.3 

Home equity and second mortgages

12,863 

3.3 

10,446 

3.4 

Revolving credit

3,983 

1.0 

2,750 

.9 

Installment

14,592 

3.8 

16,641 

5.3 

Automobile

17,939 

4.6 

24,866 

8.0 

Total other retail

54,896 

14.1 

61,959 

19.9 

Total loans

388,213 

100.0 

312,028 

100.0 

TABLE 7

Selected Loan Maturity Distribution 

At December 31, 2022 (Dollars in Millions) 
 
 One Year or Less 

Over One Through Five Years 

Over Five Through Fifteen Years 

Over Fifteen Years 

Total 

Commercial

29,430 

96,841 

9,158 

261 

135,690 

Commercial real estate

12,181 

27,081 

8,136 

8,089 
 (a)

55,487 

Residential mortgages

3,303 

5,042 

21,350 

86,150 

115,845 

Credit card

26,295 

26,295 

Other retail

3,428 

17,759 

18,643 

15,066 

54,896 

Total loans

74,637 

146,723 

57,287 

109,566 

388,213 

Total of loans due after one year with:

Predetermined Interest Rates

Floating Interest Rates

Commercial

14,892 

91,368 

Commercial real estate

14,761 

28,545 

Residential mortgages

64,306 

48,236 

Credit card

Other retail

38,959 

12,509 

Total

132,918 

180,658 

(a)

Primarily represents construction loans for single-family residences or loans guaranteed by the Small Business Administration. 

29

Table of Contents 

TABLE 8

Commercial Loans by Industry Group and Geography 

2022 

2021 

At December 31 (Dollars in Millions) 
 
 Loans 

Percent 

Loans 

Percent 

Industry Group

Real-estate related

19,539 

14.4 

16,646 

14.9 

Financial institutions

17,381 

12.8 

14,002 

12.5 

Personal, professional and commercial services

10,106 

7.5 

7,095 

6.3 

Healthcare

8,536 

6.3 

6,923 

6.2 

Automotive

7,154 

5.3 

7,590 

6.8 

Media and entertainment

5,867 

4.3 

4,623 

4.1 

Food and beverage

5,574 

4.1 

4,097 

3.6 

Technology

5,425 

4.0 

5,119 

4.6 

Capital goods

5,332 

3.9 

4,099 

3.6 

Retail

5,128 

3.8 

4,717 

4.2 

Transportation

4,988 

3.7 

3,895 

3.5 

Power

4,945 

3.6 

3,028 

2.7 

Energy

3,811 

2.8 

2,299 

2.1 

Metals and mining

3,700 

2.7 

3,342 

3.0 

Education and non-profit

3,609 

2.7 

3,721 

3.3 

Building materials

3,293 

2.4 

2,687 

2.4 

State and municipal government

3,240 

2.4 

3,166 

2.8 

Agriculture

1,909 

1.4 

1,796 

1.6 

Other

16,153 

11.9 

13,178 

11.8 

Total

135,690 

100.0 

112,023 

100.0 

Geography

California

23,736 

17.5 

15,439 

13.8 

Texas

10,244 

7.6 

6,748 

6.0 

New York

8,989 

6.6 

7,483 

6.7 

Illinois

7,626 

5.6 

6,572 

5.9 

Minnesota

6,707 

5.0 

6,730 

6.0 

Ohio

4,497 

3.3 

4,310 

3.8 

Wisconsin

4,112 

3.0 

3,894 

3.5 

Florida

3,777 

2.8 

3,790 

3.4 

Washington

3,721 

2.7 

2,936 

2.6 

Colorado

3,613 

2.7 

3,791 

3.4 

All other states

58,668 

43.2 

50,330 

44.9 

Total

135,690 

100.0 

112,023 

100.0 
 
 Commercial

Commercial loans, including lease financing, increased 23.7 billion (21.1 percent) at December 31, 2022, compared with December 31, 2021, due to higher utilization driven by working capital needs of corporate customers, slower payoffs given higher volatility in the capital markets, core growth and the impact of the MUB acquisition. Average commercial 

 loans increased 20.9 billion (20.4 percent) in 2022, compared with 2021. Table 8 provides a summary of commercial loans by industry and geographical location. 

30

Table of Contents 

TABLE 9

Commercial Real Estate Loans by Property Type and Geography 

2022 

2021 

At December 31 (Dollars in Millions) 
 
 Loans 

Percent 

Loans 

Percent 

Property Type

Multi-family

16,722 

30.1 

9,293 

23.8 

Business owner occupied

11,487 

20.7 

8,238 

21.1 

Office

7,239 

13.1 

5,814 

14.9 

Industrial

5,258 

9.5 

3,672 

9.4 

Residential land and development

4,454 

8.0 

2,788 

7.1 

Retail

4,011 

7.2 

3,382 

8.7 

Lodging

1,932 

3.5 

2,422 

6.2 

Other

4,384 

7.9 

3,444 

8.8 

Total

55,487 

100.0 

39,053 

100.0 

Geography

California

22,250 

40.1 

9,683 

24.8 

Washington

4,235 

7.6 

3,680 

9.4 

New York

2,547 

4.6 

859 

2.2 

Texas

2,337 

4.2 

1,662 

4.3 

Illinois

1,830 

3.3 

1,409 

3.6 

Colorado

1,648 

3.0 

1,684 

4.3 

Oregon

1,622 

2.9 

1,526 

3.9 

Minnesota

1,470 

2.7 

1,717 

4.4 

Florida

1,276 

2.3 

1,520 

3.9 

Ohio

1,247 

2.2 

1,215 

3.1 

All other states

15,025 

27.1 

14,098 

36.1 

Total

55,487 

100.0 

39,053 

100.0 

Commercial Real Estate

The Company s portfolio of commercial real estate loans, which includes commercial mortgages and construction and development loans, increased 16.4 billion (42.1 percent) at December 31, 2022, compared with December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily due to the impact of the MUB acquisition. Average commercial real estate loans increased 2.3 billion (6.0 percent) in 2022, compared with 2021. Table 9 provides a summary of commercial real estate loans by property type and geographical location. 
 The Company s commercial mortgage and construction and development loans had unfunded commitments of 13.8 billion and 11.8 billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The Company also finances the operations of real estate developers and other entities with operations related to real estate. These loans are not secured directly by real estate but have similar characteristics to commercial real estate loans. These loans were included in the commercial loan category and totaled 19.5 billion and 16.6 billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

31

Table of Contents 

TABLE 10

Residential Mortgages by Geography 

2022 

2021 

At December 31 (Dollars in Millions) 
 
 Loans 

Percent 

Loans 

Percent 

California

53,967 

46.7 

23,568 

30.8 

Washington

6,343 

5.5 

4,002 

5.2 

Colorado

4,192 

3.6 

3,612 

4.7 

Florida

3,946 

3.4 

3,340 

4.4 

Minnesota

3,692 

3.2 

3,767 

4.9 

Illinois

3,592 

3.1 

3,392 

4.4 

Arizona

3,178 

2.7 

2,684 

3.5 

Texas

2,801 

2.4 

2,209 

2.9 

Oregon

2,701 

2.3 

2,332 

3.1 

Massachusetts

2,536 

2.2 

1,995 

2.6 

All other states

28,897 

24.9 

25,592 

33.5 

Total

115,845 

100.0 

76,493 

100.0 

Residential Mortgages

Residential mortgages held in the loan portfolio at December 31, 2022, increased 39.4 billion (51.4 percent) compared to December 31, 2021, due to 26.4 billion of acquired MUB residential mortgages, as well as stronger on-balance
 sheet loan activities and slower refinance activity. Average residential mortgages increased 10.1 billion (13.6 percent) in 2022, compared with 2021. Residential mortgages originated and placed in the Company s loan portfolio include well-secured jumbo mortgages and branch-originated first lien home equity loans to borrowers with high credit quality. 
 Credit Card

Total credit card loans increased 3.8 billion (16.9 percent) at December 31, 2022, compared with December 31, 2021, primarily driven by higher spend volumes, account growth and lower payment rates. Average credit card balances increased 1.8 billion (8.5 percent) in 2022, compared with 2021. 

 Other Retail

Total other retail loans, which include retail leasing, home equity and second mortgages and other retail loans, decreased 7.1 billion (11.4 percent) at December 31, 2022, compared with December 31, 2021, reflecting decreases in auto loans, installment loans and retail leasing balances, partially offset by increases in home equity loans and revolving credit balances. The decrease in auto loans was primarily driven by the sale of approximately 4 billion of indirect auto loans as part of balance sheet repositioning and capital management actions taken in the fourth quarter of 2022 in connection with the acquisition of MUB. Average other retail loans increased 1.4 billion (2.4 percent) in 2022, compared with 2021. Tables 10, 11 and 12 provide a geographic summary of residential mortgages, credit card loans and other retail loans outstanding, respectively, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

TABLE 11

Credit Card Loans by Geography 

2022 

2021 

At December 31 (Dollars in Millions) 
 
 Loans 

Percent 

Loans 

Percent 

California

2,609 

9.9 

2,134 

9.5 

Texas

1,584 

6.0 

1,343 

6.0 

Illinois

1,330 

5.1 

1,108 

4.9 

Ohio

1,320 

5.0 

1,113 

4.9 

Minnesota

1,257 

4.8 

1,109 

4.9 

Florida

1,252 

4.8 

1,046 

4.6 

Wisconsin

1,029 

3.9 

895 

4.0 

Michigan

925 

3.5 

822 

3.7 

Colorado

862 

3.3 

761 

3.4 

Missouri

850 

3.2 

704 

3.1 

All other states

13,277 

50.5 

11,465 

51.0 

Total

26,295 

100.0 

22,500 

100.0 

32

Table of Contents 

TABLE 12

Other Retail Loans by Geography 

2022 

2021 

At December 31 (Dollars in Millions) 
 
 Loans 

Percent 

Loans 

Percent 

California

11,098 

20.2 

9,605 

15.5 

Texas

5,149 

9.4 

7,570 

12.2 

Florida

3,449 

6.3 

3,850 

6.2 

Minnesota

2,527 

4.6 

2,947 

4.8 

Illinois

2,180 

4.0 

2,692 

4.3 

Ohio

2,083 

3.8 

2,634 

4.2 

Washington

1,999 

3.6 

1,913 

3.1 

New York

1,878 

3.4 

2,014 

3.3 

Colorado

1,673 

3.0 

1,859 

3.0 

Oregon

1,414 

2.6 

1,451 

2.3 

All other states

21,446 

39.1 

25,424 

41.1 

Total

54,896 

100.0 

61,959 

100.0 

The Company generally retains portfolio loans through maturity; however, the Company s intent may change over time based upon various factors such as ongoing asset/liability management activities, assessment of product profitability, credit risk, liquidity needs, and capital implications. If the Company s intent or ability to hold an existing portfolio loan changes, it is transferred to loans held for sale. 

 Loans Held for Sale

 Loans held for sale, consisting primarily of residential mortgages to be sold in the secondary market, were 

 2.2 billion at December 31, 2022, compared with 7.8 billion at December 31, 2021. The decrease in loans held for sale was principally due to a lower level of mortgage loan closings in late 2022, compared with the same period of 2021. Almost all of the residential mortgage loans the Company originates or purchases for sale follow guidelines that allow the loans to be sold into existing, highly liquid secondary markets, in particular in government agency transactions and to government sponsored enterprises GSEs ). 

TABLE 13

Investment Securities 

2022 

2021 

At December 31 (Dollars in Millions) 
 
 Amortized Cost 

Fair Value 

Weighted- Average Maturity in Years 

Weighted- Average Yield (d)

Amortized Cost 

Fair Value 

Weighted- Average Maturity in Years 

Weighted- Average Yield (d)

Held-to-maturity

U.S. Treasury and agencies

1,344 

1,293 

3.3 

2.85 

Mortgage-backed securities (a)

87,396 

76,581 

9.3 

2.17 

41,858 

41,812 

7.4 

1.45 

Total held-to-maturity

88,740 

77,874 

9.2 

2.18 

41,858 

41,812 

7.4 

1.45 

Available-for-sale

U.S. Treasury and agencies

24,801 

22,033 

7.1 

2.43 

36,648 

36,609 

6.7 

1.54 

Mortgage-backed securities (a)

40,803 

36,423 

6.6 

2.83 

85,394 

85,564 

4.9 

1.58 

Asset-backed securities (a)

4,356 

4,323 

1.3 

4.59 

62 

66 

5.2 

1.53 

Obligations of state and political subdivisions (b)(c)

11,484 

10,125 

13.6 

3.76 

10,130 

10,717 

6.6 

3.67 

Other

6 

6 

.1 

1.99 

7 

7 

3.4 

2.07 

Total available-for-sale

81,450 

72,910 

7.4 

2.94 

132,241 

132,963 

5.5 

1.73 

(a)

Information related to asset and mortgage-backed securities included above is presented based upon weighted-average maturities that take into account anticipated future prepayments. 

(b)

Information related to obligations of state and political subdivisions is presented based upon yield to first optional call date if the security is purchased at a premium, and yield to maturity if the security is purchased at par or a discount. 

(c)

Maturity calculations for obligations of state and political subdivisions are based on the first optional call date for securities with a fair value above par and the contractual maturity date for securities with a fair value equal to or below par. 

(d)

Weighted-average yields for obligations of state and political subdivisions are presented on a fully-taxable equivalent basis based on a federal income tax rate of 21 percent. Yields on investment securities are computed based on amortized cost balances, excluding any premiums or discounts recorded related to the transfer of investment securities at fair value from available-for-sale

 to held-to-maturity.

33

Table of Contents 
 Investment Securities

 The Company uses its investment securities portfolio to manage interest rate risk, provide liquidity (including the ability to meet regulatory requirements), generate interest and dividend income, and as collateral for public deposits and wholesale funding sources. While the Company intends to hold its investment securities indefinitely, it may sell available-for-sale

 investment securities in response to structural changes in the balance sheet and related interest rate risk and to meet liquidity requirements, among other factors. 
 Investment securities totaled 161.7 billion at December 31, 2022, compared with 174.8 billion at December 31, 2021. The 13.2 billion (7.5 percent) decrease was primarily due to 25.4 billion of net investment sales, including the sale of certain investment securities acquired as part of the MUB acquisition, and a 13.3 billion unfavorable change in net unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale

 investment securities, partially offset by 22.7 billion of acquired investment securities and 3.4 billion of senior notes the Company received as part of the sale of approximately 4 billion of indirect auto loans to third-party securitization vehicles during 2022. During 2022, the Company transferred 45.1 billion amortized cost 40.7 billion fair value) of available-for-sale

 investment securities to the held-to-maturity

 category to reflect its new intent for these securities. Average investment securities were 169.4 billion in 2022, compared with 154.7 billion in 2021. Investment securities by type are shown in Table 13. 
 The Company s available-for-sale

 investment securities are carried at fair value with changes in fair value reflected in other comprehensive income (loss) unless a portion of a security s unrealized loss is related to credit and an allowance for credit losses is necessary. At December 31, 2022, the Company s net unrealized losses on available-for-sale

 investment securities were 8.5 billion, compared with net unrealized gains of 722 million at December 31, 2021. The unfavorable change in net unrealized gains (losses) was primarily due to decreases in the fair value of mortgage-backed, U.S. Treasury and state and political securities as a result of changes in interest rates, partially offset by the impact of the transfer of available-for-sale

 investment securities to the held-to-maturity

 category. Gross unrealized losses on available-for-sale

 investment securities totaled 8.6 billion at December 31, 2022, compared with 812 million at December 31, 2021. When evaluating credit losses, the Company considers various factors such as the nature of the investment security, the credit ratings or financial condition of the issuer, the extent of the unrealized loss, expected cash flows of the underlying collateral, the existence of any government or agency guarantees, and market conditions. At December 31, 2022, the Company had no plans to sell securities with unrealized losses, and believes it is more likely than not that it would not be required to sell such securities before recovery of their amortized cost. 

 Refer to Notes 5 and 22 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information on investment securities. 

 Deposits

 Total deposits were 525.0 billion at December 31, 2022, including 82.0 billion of deposits related to the MUB acquisition, compared with 456.1 billion at December 31, 2021. The 68.9 billion (15.1 percent) increase in total deposits reflected increases in total savings deposits, time deposits and noninterest-bearing deposits. Average total deposits in 2022 increased 28.1 billion (6.5 percent) over 2021. 
 Interest-bearing savings deposits increased 55.8 billion (18.7 percent) at December 31, 2022, compared with December 31, 2021. The increase was related to higher money market, interest checking and savings account deposit balances, including those balances related to the MUB acquisition. Money market deposit balances increased 30.4 billion (25.8 percent), primarily due to higher Wealth Management and Investment Services, Corporate and Commercial Banking, and Consumer and Business Banking balances. Interest checking balances increased 19.4 billion (16.8 percent) primarily due to higher Corporate and Commercial Banking, and Consumer and Business Banking balances. Savings account balances increased 6.0 billion (9.1 percent), driven by higher Consumer and Business Banking balances, partially offset by lower Wealth Management and Investment Services balances. Average interest-bearing savings deposits increased 28.8 billion (10.2 percent) in 2022, compared with 2021, reflecting higher Corporate and Commercial Banking, and Consumer and Business Banking balances, partially offset by lower Wealth Management and Investment Services balances. 

 Interest-bearing time deposits at December 31, 2022, increased 10.3 billion (45.4 percent), compared with December 31, 2021. Average time deposits increased 6.1 billion (24.8 percent) in 2022, compared with 2021. Changes in time deposits are primarily related to those deposits managed as an alternative to other funding sources, based largely on relative pricing and liquidity characteristics. 

 Noninterest-bearing deposits at December 31, 2022, increased 2.8 billion (2.1 percent) from December 31, 2021. The increase was driven by higher Consumer and Business Banking balances, primarily related to the MUB acquisition, partially offset by lower Wealth Management and Investment Services, and Corporate and Commercial Banking balances. Average noninterest-bearing deposits decreased 6.8 billion (5.4 percent) in 2022, compared with 2021. 

34

Table of Contents 

TABLE 14

Deposits 
 The composition of deposits was as follows: 

2022 

2021 

At December 31 (Dollars in Millions) 
 
 Amount 

Percent of Total 

Amount 

Percent of Total 

Noninterest-bearing deposits

137,743 

26.2 

134,901 

29.6 

Interest-bearing deposits

Interest checking

134,491 

25.6 

115,108 

25.2 

Money market savings

148,014 

28.2 

117,619 

25.8 

Savings accounts

71,782 

13.7 

65,790 

14.4 

Total savings deposits

354,287 

67.5 

298,517 

65.4 

Domestic time deposits less than 250,000

16,329 

3.1 

11,303 

2.5 

Domestic time deposits greater than 250,000

11,999 

2.3 

2,743 

.6 

Foreign time deposits

4,618 

.9 

8,619 

1.9 

Total interest-bearing deposits

387,233 

73.8 

321,182 

70.4 

Total deposits (a)

524,976 

100.0 

456,083 

100.0 

(a)

Includes 289.3 billion and 238.0 billion of deposits at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, that are not subject to any federal, state or foreign deposit insurance program. 

The maturity of domestic time deposits in excess of the insurance limit and those time deposits not subject to any federal, state or foreign deposit insurance program at December 31, 2022 was as follows: 

(Dollars in Millions) 
 
 Domestic Time Deposits Greater Than 250,000 

Foreign Time Deposits 

Total 

Three months or less

5,805 

4,618 

10,423 

Three months through six months

2,448 

2,448 

Six months through one year

1,967 

1,967 

Thereafter

1,779 

1,779 

Total

11,999 

4,618 

16,617 

Borrowings

 The Company utilizes both short-term and long-term borrowings as part of its asset/liability management and funding strategies. Short-term borrowings, which include federal funds purchased, commercial paper, repurchase agreements, borrowings secured by high-grade assets and other short-term borrowings, were 31.2 billion at December 31, 2022, compared with 11.8 billion at December 31, 2021. The 19.4 billion increase in short-term borrowings at December 31, 2022, compared with December 31, 2021, reflected higher short-term Federal Home Loan Bank FHLB advances and commercial paper balances, including assumed short-term borrowing balances as a result of the MUB acquisition. 
 Long-term debt was 39.8 billion at December 31, 2022, compared with 32.1 billion at December 31, 2021. The 7.7 billion (24.0 percent) increase was primarily due to 6.9 billion of medium-term note and 1.3 billion of subordinated note issuances, along with a 1.6 billion increase in FHLB advances including those balances assumed as a result of the MUB acquisition. In addition, long-term debt increased as a result of the 3.5 billion obligation to repay Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group, Inc., which was incurred as part of the acquisition. These increases were partially offset by 3.2 billion of bank note repayments and maturities, 1.3 billion of subordinated note repayments and 1.0 billion of medium-term note repayments. 

 Refer to Notes 13 and 14 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding short-term borrowings and long-term debt, and the Liquidity Risk Management section for discussion of liquidity management of the Company. 

Corporate Risk Profile 

Overview

 Managing risks is an essential part of successfully operating a financial services company. The Company s Board of Directors has approved a risk management framework which establishes governance and risk management requirements for all risk-taking activities. This framework includes Company and business line risk appetite statements which set boundaries for the types and amount of risk that may be undertaken in pursuing business objectives and initiatives. The Board of Directors, primarily through its Risk Management Committee, oversees performance relative to the risk management framework, risk appetite statements, and other policy requirements. 
 The Executive Risk Committee ERC ), which is chaired by the Chief Risk Officer and includes the Chief Executive Officer and other members of the executive management team, oversees execution against the risk management framework and risk appetite statements. The ERC focuses on current and emerging risks, including strategic and reputation risks, by directing timely and comprehensive actions. Senior operating committees have also been established, each responsible for overseeing a specified category of risk. 

 Upon closing of the MUB acquisition, the Company s risk management framework applies to the legal entities acquired from Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group, Inc., including MUB. Prior to closing, the Company evaluated the frameworks, policies and procedures of the acquired entities as necessary. Updates were made to align the acquired entities with the Company s risk 

35

Table of Contents 
 appetite and connect the elements of their respective risk governance and reporting into the Company s existing risk management framework. Connecting the existing MUB risk governance and reporting framework into the Company s existing risk management framework allows separate risk profiles, governance, and reporting for the Company and the acquired entities, during the period from acquisition through bank merger, while also providing the ability to consolidate reporting for the Company. Upon completing the merger of MUB into USBNA, which is expected to occur in connection with the conversion of MUB customers and systems to the USBNA platform over Memorial Day weekend in 2023, the MUB risk governance and reporting framework will no longer be applicable. 

 The Company s most prominent risk exposures are credit, interest rate, market, liquidity, operational, compliance, strategic, and reputation. Credit risk is the risk of loss associated with a change in the credit profile or the failure of a borrower or counterparty to meet its contractual obligations. Interest rate risk is the current or prospective risk to earnings and capital, or market valuations, arising from the impact of changes in interest rates. Market risk arises from fluctuations in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, and security prices that may result in changes in the values of financial instruments, such as trading and available-for-sale

 securities, mortgage loans held for sale MLHFS ), MSRs and derivatives that are accounted for on a fair value basis. Liquidity risk is the risk that financial condition or overall safety and soundness is adversely affected by the Company s inability, or perceived inability, to meet its cash flow obligations in a timely and complete manner in either normal or stressed conditions. Operational risk is the risk to current or projected financial condition and resilience arising from inadequate or failed internal processes or systems, people (including human errors or misconduct), or adverse external events, including the risk of loss resulting from breaches in data security. Operational risk can also include the risk of loss due to failures by third parties with which the Company does business. Compliance risk is the risk that the Company may suffer legal or regulatory sanctions, financial losses, and reputational damage if it fails to adhere to compliance requirements and the Company s compliance policies. Strategic risk is the risk to current or projected financial condition and resilience arising from adverse business decisions, poor implementation of business decisions, or lack of responsiveness to changes in the banking industry and operating environment. Reputation risk is the risk to current or anticipated earnings, capital, or franchise or enterprise value arising from negative public opinion. This risk may impair the Company s competitiveness by affecting its ability to establish new relationships or services, or continue serving existing relationships. In addition to the risks identified above, other risk factors exist that may impact the Company. Refer to Risk Factors beginning on page 140, for a detailed discussion of these factors. 
 The Company s Board and management-level governance committees are supported by a three lines of defense model for establishing effective checks and balances. The first line of 

defense, the business lines, manages risks in conformity with established limits and policy requirements. In turn, business line leaders and their risk officers establish programs to ensure conformity with these limits and policy requirements. The second line of defense, which includes the Chief Risk Officer s organization as well as policy and oversight activities of corporate support functions, translates risk appetite and strategy into actionable risk limits and policies. The second line of defense monitors first line of defense conformity with limits and policies, and provides reporting and escalation of emerging risks and other concerns to senior management and the Risk Management Committee of the Board of Directors. The third line of defense, internal audit, is responsible for providing the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors and senior management with independent assessment and assurance regarding the effectiveness of the Company s governance, risk management and control processes. 

 Management regularly provides reports to the Risk Management Committee of the Board of Directors. The Risk Management Committee discusses with management the Company s risk management performance, and provides a summary of key risks to the entire Board of Directors, covering the status of existing matters, areas of potential future concern and specific information on certain types of loss events. The Risk Management Committee considers quarterly reports by management assessing the Company s performance relative to the risk appetite statements and the associated risk limits, including: 

Macroeconomic environment and other qualitative considerations, such as regulatory and compliance changes, litigation developments, geopolitical events, and technology and cybersecurity; 

Credit measures, including adversely rated and nonperforming loans, leveraged transactions, credit concentrations and lending limits; 

Interest rate and market risk, including market value and net income simulation, and trading-related Value at Risk VaR 

Liquidity risk, including funding projections under various stressed scenarios; 

Operational and compliance risk, including losses stemming from events such as fraud, processing errors, control breaches, breaches in data security or adverse business decisions, as well as reporting on technology performance, and various legal and regulatory compliance measures; 

Capital ratios and projections, including regulatory measures and stressed scenarios; and 

Strategic and reputation risk considerations, impacts and responses. 
 Credit Risk Management

 The Company s strategy for credit risk management includes well-defined, centralized credit policies, uniform underwriting criteria, and ongoing risk monitoring and review processes for all commercial and consumer credit exposures. The strategy also emphasizes diversification on a 

36

Table of Contents 
 geographic, industry and customer level, regular credit examinations and management reviews of loans exhibiting deterioration of credit quality. The Risk Management Committee oversees the Company s credit risk management process. 

 In addition, credit quality ratings, as defined by the Company, are an important part of the Company s overall credit risk management and evaluation of its allowance for credit losses. Loans with a pass rating represent those loans not classified on the Company s rating scale for problem credits, as minimal credit risk has been identified. Loans with a special mention or classified rating, including consumer lending and small business loans that are 90 days or more past due and still accruing, nonaccrual loans, those loans considered troubled debt restructurings TDRs ), and loans in a junior lien position that are current but are behind a first lien position on nonaccrual, encompass all loans held by the Company that it considers to have a potential or well-defined weakness that may put full collection of contractual cash flows at risk. The Company s internal credit quality ratings for consumer loans are primarily based on delinquency and nonperforming status, except for a limited population of larger loans within those portfolios that are individually evaluated. For this limited population, the determination of the internal credit quality rating may also consider collateral value and customer cash flows. Refer to Notes 1 and 6 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion of the Company s loan portfolios including internal credit quality ratings. 

 The Company categorizes its loan portfolio into two segments, which is the level at which it develops and documents a systematic methodology to determine the allowance for credit losses. The Company s two loan portfolio segments are commercial lending and consumer lending. 

 The commercial lending segment includes loans and leases made to small business, middle market, large corporate, commercial real estate, financial institution, non-profit
 and public sector customers. Key risk characteristics relevant to commercial lending segment loans include the industry and geography of the borrower s business, purpose of the loan, repayment source, borrower s debt capacity and financial flexibility, loan covenants, and nature of pledged collateral, if any, as well as macroeconomic factors such as unemployment rates, gross domestic product levels, corporate bond spreads and long-term interest rates. These risk characteristics, among others, are considered in determining estimates about the likelihood of default by the borrowers and the severity of loss in the event of default. The Company considers these risk characteristics in assigning internal risk ratings to, or forecasting losses on, these loans, which are the significant factors in determining the allowance for credit losses for loans in the commercial lending segment. 
 The consumer lending segment represents loans and leases made to consumer customers, including residential mortgages, credit card loans, and other retail loans such as revolving consumer lines, auto loans and leases, home equity loans and lines, and student loans, a run-off
 portfolio. Home equity or 

 second mortgage loans are junior lien closed-end
 accounts fully disbursed at origination. These loans typically are fixed rate loans, secured by residential real estate, with a 10-
 or 15-year
 fixed payment amortization schedule. Home equity lines are revolving accounts giving the borrower the ability to draw and repay balances repeatedly, up to a maximum commitment, and are secured by residential real estate. These include accounts in either a first or junior lien position. Typical terms on home equity lines in the portfolio are variable rates benchmarked to the prime rate, with a 10-
 or 15-year
 draw period during which a minimum payment is equivalent to the monthly interest, followed by a 20-
 or 10-year
 amortization period, respectively. At December 31, 2022, substantially all of the Company s home equity lines were in the draw period. Key risk characteristics relevant to consumer lending segment loans primarily relate to the borrowers capacity and willingness to repay and include unemployment rates, consumer bankruptcy filings and other macroeconomic factors, customer payment history and credit scores, and in some cases, updated loan-to-value

 LTV information reflecting current market conditions on real estate-based loans. These and other risk characteristics are reflected in forecasts of delinquency levels, bankruptcies and losses which are the primary factors in determining the allowance for credit losses for the consumer lending segment. 
 The Company further disaggregates its loan portfolio segments into various classes based on their underlying risk characteristics. The two classes within the commercial lending segment are commercial loans and commercial real estate loans. The three classes within the consumer lending segment are residential mortgages, credit card loans and other retail loans. 

 Because business processes and credit risks associated with unfunded credit commitments are essentially the same as for loans, the Company utilizes similar processes to estimate its liability for unfunded credit commitments. The Company also engages in non-lending
 activities that may give rise to credit risk, including derivative transactions for balance sheet hedging purposes, foreign exchange transactions, deposit overdrafts and interest rate contracts for customers, investments in securities and other financial assets, and settlement risk, including Automated Clearing House transactions and the processing of credit card transactions for merchants. These activities are subject to credit review, analysis and approval processes. 
 Economic and Other Factors

In evaluating its credit risk, the Company considers changes, if any, in underwriting activities, the loan portfolio composition (including product mix and geographic, industry or customer-specific concentrations), collateral values, trends in loan performance and macroeconomic factors, such as changes in unemployment rates, gross domestic product levels, inflation, interest rates and consumer bankruptcy filings. 
 During 2021, factors affecting economic conditions, including the further enactment of government stimulus programs and declining impacts from the pandemic in the United States, contributed to economic improvement. During 2022, economic 

37

Table of Contents 
 uncertainty and recession risk increased due to ongoing supply chain challenges, rising interest rates and inflationary concerns, market volatility, rising energy prices resulting from the Russia-Ukraine conflict and related pressure on corporate earnings. In addition to these broad economic factors, expected loss estimates consider various factors including customer specific information impacting changes in risk ratings, projected delinquencies, potential effects of inflationary pressures and the impact of rising interest rates on selected borrowers liquidity and ability to repay.

 Credit Diversification

The Company manages its credit risk, in part, through diversification of its loan portfolio which is achieved through limit setting by product type criteria, such as industry, and identification of credit concentrations. As part of its normal business activities, the Company offers a broad array of traditional commercial lending products and specialized products such as asset-based lending, commercial lease financing, agricultural credit, warehouse mortgage lending, small business lending, commercial real estate lending, health care lending and correspondent banking financing. The Company also offers an array of consumer lending products, including residential mortgages, credit card loans, auto loans, retail leases, home equity loans and lines, revolving credit arrangements and other consumer loans. These consumer lending products are primarily offered through the branch office network, home mortgage and loan production offices, mobile and on-line
 banking, and indirect distribution channels, such as auto and recreational vehicle dealers. The Company monitors and manages the portfolio diversification by industry, customer and geography. Table 6 provides information with respect to the overall product diversification and changes in the mix during 2022. 
 The commercial loan class is diversified among various industries with higher concentrations in real estate and financial institutions. Additionally, the commercial loan class is diversified across the Company s geographical markets, with a higher concentration in California. Table 8 provides a summary of significant industry groups and geographical locations of commercial loans outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

 The commercial real estate loan class reflects the Company s focus on serving business owners within its local network, as well as regional and national investment-based real estate owners and developers. Within the commercial real estate loan class, different property types have varying degrees of credit risk. Table 9 provides a summary of the significant property types and geographical locations of commercial real estate loans outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021. Commercial real estate loans are diversified among various property types with higher concentrations in business owner-occupied, multi-family and office properties. 

 The Company s consumer lending segment utilizes several distinct business processes and channels to originate consumer credit, including traditional branch lending, mobile and on-line
 banking, indirect lending, alliance partnerships and correspondent banks. Each distinct underwriting and origination 

 activity manages unique credit risk characteristics and prices its loan production commensurate with the differing risk profiles. 

 Residential mortgage originations are generally limited to prime borrowers and are performed through the Company s branches, loan production offices, mobile and on-line
 services, and a wholesale network of originators. The Company may retain residential mortgage loans it originates on its balance sheet or sell the loans into the secondary market while retaining the servicing rights and customer relationships. Utilizing the secondary markets enables the Company to effectively reduce its credit and other asset/liability risks. For residential mortgages that are retained in the Company s portfolio and for home equity and second mortgages, credit risk is managed by adherence to LTV and borrower credit criteria during the underwriting process. 
 The Company estimates updated LTV information on its outstanding residential mortgages quarterly, based on a method that combines automated valuation model updates and relevant home price indices. LTV is the ratio of the loan s outstanding principal balance to the current estimate of property value. For home equity and second mortgages, combined loan-to-value

 CLTV is the combination of the first mortgage original principal balance and the second lien outstanding principal balance, relative to the current estimate of property value. Certain loans do not have an LTV or CLTV, primarily due to lack of availability of relevant automated valuation model and/or home price indices values, or lack of necessary valuation data on acquired loans. 
 The following tables provide summary information of residential mortgages and home equity and second mortgages by LTV at December 31, 2022: 

Residential Mortgages

 (Dollars in Millions)

Interest Only 

Amortizing 

Total 

Percent of Total 

Loan-to-Value

Less than or equal to 80 

15,474 

82,114 

97,588 

84.2 

Over 80 through 90 

557 

8,440 

8,997 

7.8 

Over 90 through 100 

44 

1,514 

1,558 

1.4 

Over 100 

6 

368 

374 

.3 

No LTV available

11 

11 

Loans purchased from GNMA mortgage pools (a)

7,317 

7,317 

6.3 

Total

16,081 

99,764 

115,845 

100.0 

(a)

Represents loans purchased and loans that could be purchased from Government National Mortgage Association GNMA mortgage pools under delinquent loan repurchase options whose payments are primarily insured by the Federal Housing Administration or guaranteed by the United States Department of Veterans Affairs. 

Home Equity and Second Mortgages (Dollars in Millions) 
 
 Lines 

Loans 

Total 

Percent of Total 

Loan-to-Value

 / Combined Loan-to-Value

Less than or equal to 80 

10,657 

1,331 

11,988 

93.2 

Over 80 through 90 

574 

130 

704 

5.5 

Over 90 through 100 

61 

12 

73 

.6 

Over 100 

37 

9 

46 

.3 

No LTV/CLTV available

50 

2 

52 

.4 

Total

11,379 

1,484 

12,863 

100.0 

38

Table of Contents 
 Home equity and second mortgages were 12.9 billion at December 31, 2022, compared with 10.4 billion at December 31, 2021, and included 2.9 billion of home equity lines in a first lien position and 10.0 billion of home equity and second mortgage loans and lines in a junior lien position. Loans and lines in a junior lien position at December 31, 2022, included approximately 3.3 billion of loans and lines for which the Company also serviced the related first lien loan, and approximately 6.7 billion where the Company did not service the related first lien loan. The Company was able to determine the status of the related first liens using information the Company has as the servicer of the first lien or information reported on customer credit bureau files. The Company also evaluates other indicators of credit risk for these junior lien loans and lines, including delinquency, estimated average CLTV ratios and updated weighted-average credit scores in making its assessment of credit risk, related loss estimates and determining the allowance for credit losses. 

 The following table provides a summary of delinquency statistics and other credit quality indicators for the Company s junior lien positions at December 31, 2022: 

Junior Liens Behind 

(Dollars in Millions) 
 
 Company Owned or Serviced First Lien 

Third Party First Lien 

Total 

Total

3,311 

6,693 

10,004 

Percent 30 - 89 days past due

.50 

.42 

.45 

Percent 90 days or more past due

.03 

.04 

.03 

Weighted-average CLTV

70 

68 

69 

Weighted-average credit score

782 

783 

783 

See the Analysis and Determination of the Allowance for Credit Losses section for additional information on how the Company determines the allowance for credit losses for loans in a junior lien position. 

 Credit card and other retail loans are diversified across customer segments and geographies. Diversification in the credit card portfolio is achieved with broad customer relationship distribution through the Company s and financial institution partners branches, retail and affinity partners, and digital channels. 

 Tables 10, 11 and 12 provide a geographical summary of the residential mortgage, credit card and other retail loan portfolios, respectively. 

 The following table provides a summary of the Company s credit card loan balances disaggregated based upon updated credit score at December 31, 2022: 

Percent of Total (a)

Credit score > 660

87 

Credit score Table of Contents 

TABLE 15

Delinquent Loan Ratios as a Percent of Ending Loan Balances 

At December 31

 90 days or more past due

2022 

2021 

Commercial

Commercial

.07 

.05 

Lease financing

Total commercial

.07 

.04 

Commercial Real Estate

Commercial mortgages

Construction and development

.03 

.10 

Total commercial real estate

.01 

.03 

Residential Mortgages (a)

.08 

.24 

Credit Card

.88 

.73 

Other Retail

Retail leasing

.04 

.04 

Home equity and second mortgages

.28 

.35 

Other

.08 

.06 

Total other retail

.12 

.11 

Total loans

.13 

.15 

At December 31

 90 days or more past due and nonperforming loans

2022 

2021 

Commercial

.19 

.20 

Commercial real estate

.62 

.76 

Residential mortgages (a)

.36 

.53 

Credit card

.88 

.73 

Other retail

.37 

.35 

Total loans

.38 

.42 

(a)

Delinquent loan ratios exclude 2.2 billion and 1.5 billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, of loans purchased and loans that could be purchased from GNMA mortgage pools under delinquent loan repurchase options whose repayments are primarily insured by the Federal Housing Administration or guaranteed by the United States Department of Veterans Affairs. Including these loans, the ratio of residential mortgages 90 days or more past due and nonperforming to total residential mortgages was 2.28 percent and 2.43 percent at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Loan Delinquencies

Trends in delinquency ratios are an indicator, among other considerations, of credit risk within the Company s loan portfolios. The entire balance of a loan account is considered delinquent if the minimum payment contractually required to be made is not received by the date specified on the billing statement. Delinquent loans purchased and loans that could be purchased from GNMA mortgage pools under delinquent loan repurchase options whose repayments are primarily insured by the Federal Housing Administration or guaranteed by the United States Department of Veterans Affairs, are excluded from delinquency statistics. In addition, in certain situations, a consumer lending customer s account may be re-aged
 to remove it from delinquent status. Generally, the purpose of re-aging
 accounts is to assist customers who have recently overcome temporary financial difficulties and have demonstrated both the ability and willingness to resume regular payments. In addition, the Company may re-age
 the consumer lending account of a customer who has experienced longer-term 

 financial difficulties and apply modified, concessionary terms and conditions to the account. Commercial lending loans are generally not subject to re-aging
 policies. 
 Accruing loans 90 days or more past due totaled 491 million at December 31, 2022, and included 22 million of accruing loans 90 days or more past due acquired as part of the MUB acquisition, compared with 472 million at December 31, 2021. Accruing loans 90 days or more past due are not included in nonperforming assets and continue to accrue interest because they are adequately secured by collateral, are in the process of collection and are reasonably expected to result in repayment or restoration to current status, or are managed in homogeneous portfolios with specified charge-off
 timeframes adhering to regulatory guidelines. The ratio of accruing loans 90 days or more past due to total loans was 0.13 percent at December 31, 2022, compared with 0.15 percent at December 31, 2021. 

40

Table of Contents 
 The following table provides summary delinquency information for residential mortgages, credit card and other retail loans included in the consumer lending segment: 

At December 31

 (Dollars in Millions)

Amount 

As a Percent of Ending Loan Balances 

2022 

2021 

2022 

2021 

Residential Mortgages (a)

30-89
 days

201 

124 

.17 

.15 

90 days or more

95 

181 

.08 

.24 

Nonperforming

325 

226 

.28 

.30 

Total

621 

531 

.54 

.69 

Credit Card

30-89
 days

283 

193 

1.08 

.86 

90 days or more

231 

165 

.88 

.73 

Nonperforming

1 

Total

515 

358 

1.96 

1.59 

Other Retail

Retail Leasing

30-89
 days

27 

29 

.49 

.40 

90 days or more

2 

3 

.04 

.04 

Nonperforming

8 

10 

.14 

.14 

Total

37 

42 

.67 

.58 

Home Equity and Second Mortgages

30-89
 days

65 

55 

.51 

.53 

90 days or more

36 

37 

.28 

.35 

Nonperforming

110 

116 

.86 

1.11 

Total

211 

208 

1.64 

1.99 

Other (b)

30-89
 days

217 

191 

.59 

.43 

90 days or more

28 

26 

.08 

.06 

Nonperforming

21 

24 

.06 

.05 

Total

266 

241 

.73 

.54 

(a)

Excludes 647 million of loans 30-89
 days past due and 2.2 billion of loans 90 days or more past due at December 31, 2022, purchased and that could be purchased from GNMA mortgage pools under delinquent loan repurchase options that continue to accrue interest, compared with 791 million and 1.5 billion at December 31, 2021. 

(b)

Includes revolving credit, installment and automobile loans. 

Restructured Loans

In certain circumstances, the Company may modify the terms of a loan to maximize the collection of amounts due when a borrower is experiencing financial difficulties or is expected to experience difficulties in the near-term. In most cases the modification is either a concessionary reduction in interest rate, extension of the maturity date or reduction in the principal balance that would otherwise not be considered. 
 Troubled Debt Restructurings

Concessionary modifications are classified as TDRs unless the modification results in only an insignificant delay in the payments to be received. TDRs accrue 

 interest if the borrower complies with the revised terms and conditions and has demonstrated repayment performance at a level commensurate with the modified terms over several payment cycles, which is generally six months or greater. At December 31, 2022, performing TDRs were 3.3 billion, compared with 3.1 billion at December 31, 2021. 

 The Company continues to work with customers to modify loans for borrowers who are experiencing financial difficulties. Many of the Company s TDRs are determined on a case-by-case

 basis in connection with ongoing loan collection processes. The modifications vary within each of the Company s loan classes. Commercial lending segment TDRs generally include extensions of the maturity date and may be accompanied by an increase or decrease to the interest rate. The Company may also work with the borrower to make other changes to the loan to mitigate losses, such as obtaining additional collateral and/or guarantees to support the loan. 
 The Company has also implemented certain residential mortgage loan restructuring programs that may result in TDRs. The Company modifies residential mortgage loans under Federal Housing Administration, United States Department of Veterans Affairs, and its own internal programs. Under these programs, the Company offers qualifying homeowners the opportunity to permanently modify their loan and achieve more affordable monthly payments by providing loan concessions. These concessions may include adjustments to interest rates, conversion of adjustable rates to fixed rates, extensions of maturity dates or deferrals of payments, capitalization of accrued interest and/or outstanding advances, or in limited situations, partial forgiveness of loan principal. In most instances, participation in residential mortgage loan restructuring programs requires the customer to complete a short-term trial period. A permanent loan modification is contingent on the customer successfully completing the trial period arrangement, and the loan documents are not modified until that time. The Company reports loans in a trial period arrangement as TDRs and continues to report them as TDRs after the trial period. 

 Credit card and other retail loan TDRs are generally part of distinct restructuring programs providing customers modification solutions over a specified time period, generally up to 60 months. 

 In accordance with regulatory guidance, the Company considers secured consumer loans that have had debt discharged through bankruptcy where the borrower has not reaffirmed the debt to be TDRs. If the loan amount exceeds the collateral value, the loan is charged down to collateral value and the remaining amount is reported as nonperforming. 

41

Table of Contents 
 The following table provides a summary of TDRs by loan class, including the delinquency status for TDRs that continue to accrue interest and TDRs included in nonperforming assets: 

As a Percent of Performing TDRs 

At December 31, 2022 (Dollars in Millions) 
 
 Performing TDRs 

30-89 Days
 Past Due 

90 Days or More Past Due 

Nonperforming TDRs 

Total TDRs 

Commercial

141 

6.0 

2.9 

44 
 (a)

185 

Commercial real estate

102 

.3 

101 
 (b)

203 

Residential mortgages

1,600 

2.5 

2.9 

122 

1,722 
 (d)

Credit card

296 

15.8 

7.7 

296 

Other retail

179 

11.2 

4.5 

31 
 (c)

210 
 (e)

TDRs, excluding loans purchased from GNMA mortgage pools

2,318 

5.0 

3.5 

298 

2,616 

Loans purchased from GNMA mortgage pools (g)

1,018 

1,018 
 (f)

Total

3,336 

3.5 

2.4 

298 

3,634 

(a)

Primarily represents loans less than six months from the modification date that have not met the performance period required to return to accrual status (generally six months) and small business credit cards with a modified rate equal to 0 percent. 

(b)

Primarily represents loans less than six months from the modification date that have not met the performance period required to return to accrual status (generally six months). 

(c)

Primarily represents loans with a modified rate equal to 0 percent. 

(d)

Includes 205 million of residential mortgage loans to borrowers that have had debt discharged through bankruptcy and 18 million in trial period arrangements or previously placed in trial period arrangements but not successfully completed. 

(e)

Includes 52 million of other retail loans to borrowers that have had debt discharged through bankruptcy and 13 million in trial period arrangements or previously placed in trial period arrangements but not successfully completed. 

(f)

Includes 155 million of Federal Housing Administration and United States Department of Veterans Affairs residential mortgage loans to borrowers that have had debt discharged through bankruptcy and 105 million in trial period arrangements or previously placed in trial period arrangements but not successfully completed. 

(g)

Approximately 6.8 percent and 32.4 percent of the total TDR loans purchased from GNMA mortgage pools are 30-89
 days past due and 90 days or more past due, respectively, but are not classified as delinquent as their repayments are insured by the Federal Housing Administration or guaranteed by the United States Department of Veterans Affairs. 

Short-term and Other Loan Modifications

The Company makes short-term and other modifications that it does not consider to be TDRs, in limited circumstances, to assist borrowers experiencing temporary hardships, including previously offering payment relief to borrowers that experienced financial hardship resulting directly from the effects of the COVID-19
 pandemic. Short-term consumer lending modification programs include payment reductions, deferrals of up to three past due payments, and the ability to return to current status if the borrower makes required payments. The Company may also make short-term modifications to commercial lending loans, with the most common modification being an extension of the maturity date of three months or less. Such extensions generally are used when the maturity date is imminent and the borrower is experiencing some level of financial stress, but the Company believes the borrower will pay all contractual amounts owed. 
 Nonperforming Assets

The level of nonperforming assets represents another indicator of the potential for future credit losses. Nonperforming assets include nonaccrual loans, restructured loans not performing in accordance with modified terms and not accruing interest, restructured loans that have not met the performance period required to return to accrual status, other real estate owned OREO and other nonperforming 

 assets owned by the Company. Interest payments collected from assets on nonaccrual status are generally applied against the principal balance and not recorded as income. However, interest income may be recognized for interest payments if the remaining carrying amount of the loan is believed to be collectible. 

 At December 31, 2022, total nonperforming assets were 1.0 billion, and included 329 million of nonperforming loans related to the MUB acquisition, compared with 878 million at December 31, 2021. The 138 million (15.7 percent) increase in nonperforming assets, from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022, was driven by acquired balances partially offset by decreases in legacy portfolio nonperforming loans across all loan classes. The ratio of total nonperforming assets to total loans and other real estate was 0.26 percent at December 31, 2022, compared with 0.28 percent at December 31, 2021. 

 OREO was 23 million at December 31, 2022, compared with 22 million at December 31, 2021, and was related to foreclosed properties that previously secured loan balances. These balances exclude foreclosed GNMA loans whose repayments are primarily insured by the Federal Housing Administration or guaranteed by the United States Department of Veterans Affairs. 

42

Table of Contents 

TABLE 16

Nonperforming Assets (a)

At December 31 (Dollars in Millions) 

2022 

2021 

Commercial

Commercial

139 

139 

Lease financing

30 

35 

Total commercial

169 

174 

Commercial Real Estate

Commercial mortgages

251 

213 

Construction and development

87 

71 

Total commercial real estate

338 

284 

Residential Mortgages (b)

325 

226 

Credit Card

1 

Other Retail

Retail leasing

8 

10 

Home equity and second mortgages

110 

116 

Other

21 

24 

Total other retail

139 

150 

Total nonperforming loans (1)

972 

834 

Other Real Estate (c)

23 

22 

Other Assets

21 

22 

Total nonperforming assets

1,016 

878 

Accruing loans 90 days or more past due (b)

491 

472 

Period-end
 loans (2)

388,213 

312,028 

Nonperforming loans to total loans (1)/(2)

.25 

.27 

Nonperforming assets to total loans plus other real estate (c)

.26 

.28 
 
 Changes in Nonperforming Assets 

(Dollars in Millions) 
 
 Commercial and Commercial Real Estate 

Residential Mortgages, Credit Card and Other Retail 

Total 

Balance December 31, 2021

461 

417 

878 

Additions to nonperforming assets

New nonaccrual loans and foreclosed properties

327 

191 

518 

Advances on loans

7 

2 

9 

Acquired nonperforming assets

182 

148 

330 

Total additions

516 

341 

857 

Reductions in nonperforming assets

Paydowns, payoffs

(282) 

(78) 

(360) 
 
 Net sales

(8) 

(23) 

(31) 
 
 Return to performing status

(65) 

(143) 

(208) 
 
 Charge-offs (d)

(113) 

(7) 

(120) 
 
 Total reductions

(468) 

(251) 

(719) 
 
 Net additions to (reductions in) nonperforming assets

48 

90 

138 

Balance December 31, 2022

509 

507 

1,016 

(a)

Throughout this document, nonperforming assets and related ratios do not include accruing loans 90 days or more past due. 

(b)

Excludes 2.2 billion and 1.5 billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, of loans purchased and loans that could be purchased from GNMA mortgage pools under delinquent loan repurchase options that are 90 days or more past due that continue to accrue interest, as their repayments are primarily insured by the Federal Housing Administration or guaranteed by the United States Department of Veterans Affairs. 

(c)

Foreclosed GNMA loans of 53 million and 22 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, continue to accrue interest and are recorded as other assets and excluded from nonperforming assets because they are insured by the Federal Housing Administration or guaranteed by the United States Department of Veterans Affairs. 

(d)

Charge-offs exclude actions for certain card products and loan sales that were not classified as nonperforming at the time the charge-off
 occurred. 

43

Table of Contents 

TABLE 17

Net Charge-offs as a Percent of Average Loans Outstanding 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Year Ended December 31 (Dollars in Millions) 
 
 Average Loan Balance 

Net Charge-offs

Percent 

Average Loan Balance 

Net Charge-offs

Percent 

Average Loan Balance 

Net Charge-offs

Percent 

Commercial

Commercial

118,967 

211 

.18 

97,649 

97 

.10 

108,367 

483 

.45 

Lease financing

4,830 

16 

.33 

5,206 

6 

.12 

5,600 

30 

.54 

Total commercial

123,797 

227 

.18 

102,855 

103 

.10 

113,967 

513 

.45 

Commercial real estate

Commercial mortgages

30,890 

17 

.06 

27,997 

(14) 

(.05) 

29,641 

185 

.62 

Construction

10,208 

20 

.20 

10,784 

16 

.15 

10,907 

2 

.02 

Total commercial real estate

41,098 

37 

.09 

38,781 

2 

.01 

40,548 

187 

.46 

Residential mortgages

84,749 

(23) 

(.03) 

74,629 

(32) 

(.04) 

73,667 

(12) 

(.02) 
 
 Credit card

23,478 

524 

2.23 

21,645 

512 

2.37 

22,332 

829 

3.71 

Other retail

Retail leasing

6,459 

3 

.05 

7,710 

2 

.03 

8,405 

81 

.96 

Home equity and second mortgages

11,051 

(7) 

(.06) 

11,228 

(10) 

(.09) 

13,894 

(4) 

(.03) 
 
 Other

42,941 

302 

.70 

40,117 

105 

.26 

34,456 

192 

.56 

Total other retail

60,451 

298 

.49 

59,055 

97 

.16 

56,755 

269 

.47 

Total loans

333,573 

1,063 

.32 

296,965 

682 

.23 

307,269 

1,786 

.58 

Analysis of Loan Net Charge-offs

Total loan net charge-offs were 1.1 billion in 2022, compared with 682 million in 2021. The 381 million (55.9 percent) increase in total net charge-offs in 2022, compared with 2021, reflected 179 million of uncollectible MUB acquired loans, of which the majority of this balance related to loans that were previously charged-off by MUB, as well as 189 million of net charge-offs related to balance sheet repositioning and capital management actions taken during the fourth quarter of 2022 in connection with the acquisition. These increases in net charge-offs were partially offset by lower credit card net charge-offs in the legacy portfolio. The ratio of total loan net charge-offs to average loans outstanding, including the impacts of the acquisition, was 0.32 percent in 2022, compared with 0.23 percent in 2021. 
 Commercial and commercial real estate loan net charge-offs for 2022 were 264 million (0.16 percent of average loans outstanding), compared with 105 million (0.07 percent of average loans outstanding) in 2021. The increase in net charge-offs in 2022, compared with 2021, were driven primarily by MUB purchase accounting related net charge-offs of 143 million. 

 Residential mortgage loan net charge-offs for 2022 reflected a net recovery of 23 million (0.03 percent of average loans outstanding), compared with a net recovery of 32 million (0.04 percent of average loans outstanding) in 2021. Credit card loan net charge-offs in 2022 were 524 million (2.23 percent of average loans outstanding), compared with 512 million (2.37 percent of average loans outstanding) in 2021. Other retail loan net charge-offs for 2022 were 298 million (0.49 percent of average loans outstanding), compared with 97 million (0.16 percent of average loans outstanding) in 2021. The increase in total residential mortgage, credit card and other retail loan net charge-offs in 2022, compared with 2021, was driven by charge-offs related to the balance sheet repositioning and capital management actions taken in the fourth quarter of 2022, along 

with MUB purchase accounting related net charge-offs, partially offset by lower net charge-offs in the legacy portfolio. 

 Analysis and Determination of the Allowance for Credit Losses

The allowance for credit losses is established for current expected credit losses on the Company s loan and lease portfolio, including unfunded credit commitments. The allowance considers expected losses for the remaining lives of the applicable assets, inclusive of expected recoveries. The allowance for credit losses is increased through provisions charged to earnings and reduced by net charge-offs. 
 Management evaluates the appropriateness of the allowance for credit losses on a quarterly basis. Multiple economic scenarios are considered over a three-year reasonable and supportable forecast period, which includes increasing consideration of historical loss experience over years two and three. These economic scenarios are constructed with interrelated projections of multiple economic variables, and loss estimates are produced that consider the historical correlation of those economic variables with credit losses. After the forecast period, the Company fully reverts to long-term historical loss experience, adjusted for prepayments and characteristics of the current loan and lease portfolio, to estimate losses over the remaining life of the portfolio. The economic scenarios are updated at least quarterly and are designed to provide a range of reasonable estimates from better to worse than current expectations. Scenarios are weighted based on the Company s expectation of economic conditions for the foreseeable future and reflect significant judgment and consideration of economic forecast uncertainty. Final loss estimates also consider factors affecting credit losses not reflected in the scenarios, due to the unique aspects of current conditions and expectations. These factors may include, but are not limited to, loan servicing practices, regulatory guidance, and/or fiscal and monetary policy actions.

44

Table of Contents 
 Because business processes and credit risks associated with unfunded credit commitments are essentially the same as for loans, the Company utilizes similar processes to estimate its liability for unfunded credit commitments, which is included in other liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. Both the allowance for loan losses and the liability for unfunded credit commitments are included in the Company s analysis of credit losses and reported reserve ratios. 

 The allowance recorded for credit losses utilizes forward-looking expected loss models to consider a variety of factors affecting lifetime credit losses. These factors include, but are not limited to, macroeconomic variables such as unemployment rates, real estate prices, gross domestic product levels, inflation, interest rates, and corporate bond spreads, as well as loan and borrower characteristics, such as internal risk ratings on commercial loans and consumer credit scores, delinquency status, collateral type and available valuation information, consideration of end-of-term

 losses on lease residuals, and the remaining term of the loan, adjusted for expected prepayments. For each loan portfolio, model estimates are adjusted as necessary to consider any relevant changes in portfolio composition, lending policies, underwriting standards, risk management practices, economic conditions or other factors that may affect the accuracy of the model. Expected credit loss estimates also include consideration of expected cash recoveries on loans previously charged-off
 or expected recoveries on collateral-dependent loans where recovery is expected through sale of the collateral. Where loans do not exhibit similar risk characteristics, an individual analysis is performed to consider expected credit losses. 
 The allowance recorded for individually evaluated loans greater than 5 million in the commercial lending segment is based on an analysis utilizing expected cash flows discounted using the original effective interest rate, the observable market price of the loan, or the fair value of the collateral, less selling costs, for collateral-dependent loans as appropriate. For commercial TDRs individually evaluated for impairment, attributes of the borrower are the primary factors in determining the allowance for credit losses. For smaller commercial loans collectively evaluated for impairment, historical loss experience is also incorporated into the allowance methodology applied to this category of loans. 

 The allowance recorded for TDR loans in the consumer lending segment is determined on a homogenous pool basis utilizing expected cash flows discounted using the original effective interest rate of the pool. The expected cash flows on TDR loans consider subsequent payment defaults since modification, the borrower s ability to pay under the restructured terms, and the timing and amount of payments. The allowance for collateral-dependent loans in the consumer lending segment is determined based on the current fair value of the collateral less costs to sell. 

 When evaluating the appropriateness of the allowance for credit losses for any loans and lines in a junior lien position, the Company considers the delinquency and modification status of 

the first lien. At December 31, 2022, the Company serviced the first lien on 33 percent of the home equity loans and lines in a junior lien position. The Company also considers the status of first lien mortgage accounts reported on customer credit bureau files when the first lien is not serviced by the Company. Regardless of whether the Company services the first lien, an assessment is made of economic conditions, problem loans, recent loss experience and other factors in determining the allowance for credit losses. Based on the available information, the Company estimated 195 million or 1.5 percent of its total home equity portfolio at December 31, 2022, represented non-delinquent
 junior liens where the first lien was delinquent or modified. 
 When a loan portfolio is purchased, the acquired loans are divided into those considered purchased with more than insignificant credit deterioration PCD and those not considered PCD. An allowance is established for each population and considers product mix, risk characteristics of the portfolio and delinquency status and refreshed LTV ratios when possible. PCD loans also consider whether the loan has experienced a charge-off,
 bankruptcy or significant deterioration since origination. The allowance established for purchased loans not considered PCD is recognized through provision expense upon acquisition, whereas the allowance established for loans considered PCD at acquisition is offset by an increase in the basis of the acquired loans. Any subsequent increases and decreases in the allowance related to purchased loans, regardless of PCD status, are recognized through provision expense, with charge-offs charged to the allowance. The Company had a total unpaid principal balance of 5.1 billion of PCD loans, primarily related to the MUB acquisition, included in its loan portfolio at December 31, 2022. 
 The Company s methodology for determining the appropriate allowance for credit losses also considers the imprecision inherent in the methodologies used and allocated to the various loan portfolios. As a result, amounts determined under the methodologies described above are adjusted by management to consider the potential impact of other qualitative factors not captured in quantitative model adjustments which include, but are not limited to, the following: model imprecision, imprecision in economic scenario assumptions, and emerging risks related to either changes in the economic environment that are affecting specific portfolios, or changes in portfolio concentrations over time that may affect model performance. The consideration of these items results in adjustments to allowance amounts included in the Company s allowance for credit losses for each loan portfolio. 

 The results of the analysis are evaluated quarterly to confirm the estimates are appropriate for each loan portfolio. Table 19 shows the amount of the allowance for credit losses by loan class and underlying portfolio category. 

 Although the Company determined the amount of each element of the allowance separately and considers this process to be an important credit management tool, the entire allowance for credit losses is available for the entire loan portfolio. The actual amount of losses can vary significantly from the estimated amounts. 

45

Table of Contents 
 At December 31, 2022, the allowance for credit losses was 7.4 billion, compared with an allowance of 6.2 billion at December 31, 2021. The increase in the allowance for credit losses of 1.2 billion (20.3 percent) at December 31, 2022, compared with December 31, 2021, included 336 million of initial allowance recorded through purchase accounting as well as the provision for credit losses of 662 million related to acquired loans from MUB, along with loan growth in the legacy portfolio and increased economic uncertainty. 

 The ratio of the allowance for credit losses to period-end
 loans was 1.91 percent at December 31, 2022, compared with 1.97 percent at December 31, 2021. The ratio of the allowance for credit losses to nonperforming loans was 762 percent at December 31, 2022, compared with 738 percent at 

 December 31, 2021. The ratio of the allowance for credit losses to annual loan net charge-offs at December 31, 2022, was 697 percent, compared with 902 percent at December 31, 2021. Management determined the allowance for credit losses was appropriate on December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

 Economic conditions considered in estimating the allowance for credit losses at December 31, 2022 included changes in projected gross domestic product and unemployment levels. These factors are evaluated through a combination of quantitative calculations using multiple economic scenarios and additional qualitative assessments that consider the high degree of economic uncertainty in the current environment. The projected unemployment rates for 2023 considered in the estimate range from 3.5 percent to 8.4 percent. 

The following table summarizes the baseline forecast for key economic variables the Company used in its estimate of the allowance for credit losses at December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

United States unemployment rate for the three months ending (a)

December 31, 2022

3.7 

3.5 

June 30, 2023

4.0 

3.5 

December 31, 2023

4.2 

3.5 

United States real gross domestic product for the three months ending (b)

December 31, 2022

.4 

3.4 

June 30, 2023

1.1 

2.9 

December 31, 2023

1.0 

2.9 

(a)

Reflects quarterly average of forecasted reported United States unemployment rate. 

(b)

Reflects year-over-year growth rates. 

The allowance for credit losses related to commercial lending segment loans increased 516 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, reflecting the impact of the MUB acquisition, along with the impacts of loan growth and increasing economic uncertainty. 

 The allowance for credit losses related to consumer lending segment loans increased 733 million during the year ended 

December 31, 2022, due to the impacts of the MUB acquisition, loan growth and economic uncertainty, along with the effects of higher interest rates on the life of the residential mortgage portfolios and normalizing credit trends in the unsecured portfolios. 

46

Table of Contents 

TABLE 18

Summary of Allowance for Credit Losses 

(Dollars in Millions) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Balance at beginning of year

6,155 

8,010 

4,491 

Allowance for acquired credit losses (a)

336 

Change in accounting principle (b)

1,499 

Charge-Offs

Commercial

Commercial

294 

206 

536 

Lease financing

25 

16 

39 

Total commercial

319 

222 

575 

Commercial real estate

Commercial mortgages

28 

9 

202 

Construction and development

26 

20 

8 

Total commercial real estate

54 

29 

210 

Residential mortgages

13 

18 

19 

Credit card

696 

686 

975 

Other retail

Retail leasing

18 

26 

101 

Home equity and second mortgages

9 

12 

16 

Other

391 

215 

284 

Total other retail

418 

253 

401 

Total charge-offs

1,500 

1,208 

2,180 

Recoveries

Commercial

Commercial

83 

109 

53 

Lease financing

9 

10 

9 

Total commercial

92 

119 

62 

Commercial real estate

Commercial mortgages

11 

23 

17 

Construction and development

6 

4 

6 

Total commercial real estate

17 

27 

23 

Residential mortgages

36 

50 

31 

Credit card

172 

174 

146 

Other retail

Retail leasing

15 

24 

20 

Home equity and second mortgages

16 

22 

20 

Other

89 

110 

92 

Total other retail

120 

156 

132 

Total recoveries

437 

526 

394 

Net Charge-Offs

Commercial

Commercial

211 

97 

483 

Lease financing

16 

6 

30 

Total commercial

227 

103 

513 

Commercial real estate

Commercial mortgages

17 

(14) 

185 

Construction and development

20 

16 

2 

Total commercial real estate

37 

2 

187 

Residential mortgages

(23) 

(32) 

(12) 
 
 Credit card

524 

512 

829 

Other retail

Retail leasing

3 

2 

81 

Home equity and second mortgages

(7) 

(10) 

(4) 
 
 Other

302 

105 

192 

Total other retail

298 

97 

269 

Total net charge-offs

1,063 
 (c)

682 

1,786 

Provision for credit losses

1,977 
 (d)

(1,173) 

3,806 

Other changes

(1) 

Balance at end of year

7,404 

6,155 

8,010 

Components

Allowance for loan losses

6,936 

5,724 

7,314 

Liability for unfunded credit commitments

468 

431 

696 

Total allowance for credit losses (1)

7,404 

6,155 

8,010 

Period-end
 loans (2)

388,213 

312,028 

297,707 

Nonperforming loans (3)

972 

834 

1,224 

Allowance for Credit Losses as a Percentage of

Period-end
 loans (1)/(2)

1.91 

1.97 

2.69 

Nonperforming loans (1)/(3)

762 

738 

654 

Nonperforming and accruing loans 90 days or more past due

506 

471 

471 

Nonperforming assets

729 

701 

617 

Net charge-offs

697 

902 

448 

(a)

Allowance for purchased credit deteriorated and charged-off
 loans acquired from MUB. 

(b)

Effective January 1, 2020, the Company adopted accounting guidance which changed impairment recognition of financial instruments to a model that is based on expected losses rather than incurred losses. 

(c)

Includes 179 million of net charge-offs related to uncollectible MUB acquired loans, of which the majority of this balance related to loans that were previously charged-off by MUB, as well as 189 million of net charge-offs related to balance sheet repositioning and capital management actions taken during the fourth quarter of 2022 in connection with the acquisition. 

(d)

Includes provision for credit losses of 662 million related to the acquisition of MUB and a 129 million provision impact of balance sheet repositioning and capital management actions taken in the fourth quarter of 2022 related to the acquisition. 

47

Table of Contents 

TABLE 19

Allocation of the Allowance for Credit Losses 

Allowance Amount 

Allowance as a Percent of Loans 

At December 31 (Dollars in Millions) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2022 

2021 

Commercial

Commercial

2,087 

1,779 

1.59 

1.66 

Lease financing

76 

70 

1.67 

1.37 

Total commercial

2,163 

1,849 

1.59 

1.65 

Commercial Real Estate

Commercial mortgages

878 

699 

2.01 

2.43 

Construction and development

447 

424 

3.81 

4.12 

Total commercial real estate

1,325 

1,123 

2.39 

2.88 

Residential Mortgages

926 

565 

.80 

.74 

Credit Card

2,020 

1,673 

7.68 

7.44 

Other Retail

Retail leasing

127 

136 

2.30 

1.87 

Home equity and second mortgages

298 

231 

2.32 

2.21 

Other

545 

578 

1.49 

1.31 

Total other retail

970 

945 

1.77 

1.53 

Total allowance

7,404 

6,155 

1.91 

1.97 

Residual Value Risk Management

 The Company manages its risk to changes in the residual value of leased vehicles, office and business equipment, and other assets through disciplined residual valuation at the inception of a lease, diversification of its leased assets, regular residual asset valuation reviews and monitoring of residual value gains or losses upon the disposition of assets. Lease originations are subject to the same well-defined underwriting standards referred to in the Credit Risk Management section, which includes an evaluation of the residual value risk. Retail lease residual value risk is mitigated further by effective end-of-term

 marketing of off-lease
 vehicles. 
 Included in the retail leasing portfolio was approximately 4.4 billion of retail leasing residuals at December 31, 2022, compared with 5.6 billion at December 31, 2021. The Company monitors concentrations of leases by manufacturer and vehicle type. As of December 31, 2022, vehicle lease residuals related to sport utility vehicles were 49.9 percent of the portfolio, while truck and crossover utility vehicle classes represented approximately 29.2 percent and 14.7 percent of the portfolio, respectively. At year-end
 2022, the individual vehicle model with the largest residual value outstanding represented 19.8 percent of the aggregate residual value of all vehicles in the portfolio. At December 31, 2022, the weighted-average origination term of the portfolio was 42 months, compared with 41 months at December 31, 2021. At December 31, 2022, the commercial leasing portfolio had 500 million of residuals, compared with 515 million at December 31, 2021. At year-end
 2022, lease residuals related to trucks and other transportation equipment represented 36.1 percent of the total residual portfolio, while business and office equipment represented 29.3 percent. 
 Operational Risk Management

. The Company operates in many different businesses in diverse markets and relies on the ability of its employees and systems to process a high number of transactions. Operational risk is inherent in all business activities, 

 and the management of this risk is important to the achievement of the Company s objectives. Business lines have direct and primary responsibility and accountability for identifying, controlling, and monitoring operational risks embedded in their business activities, including those additional or increased risks created by economic and financial disruptions. The Company maintains a system of controls with the objective of providing proper transaction authorization and execution, proper system operations, proper oversight of third parties with whom it does business, safeguarding of assets from misuse or theft, and ensuring the reliability and security of financial and other data. 

 Business continuation and disaster recovery planning is also critical to effectively managing operational risks. Each business unit of the Company is required to develop, maintain and test these plans at least annually to ensure that recovery activities, if needed, can support mission critical functions, including technology, networks and data centers supporting customer applications and business operations. 

 While the Company believes it has designed effective processes to minimize operational risks, there is no absolute assurance that business disruption or operational losses would not occur from an external event or internal control breakdown. On an ongoing basis, management makes process changes and investments to enhance its systems of internal controls and business continuity and disaster recovery plans. 

 In the past, the Company has experienced attack attempts on its computer systems, including various denial-of-service

 attacks on customer-facing websites. The Company has not experienced any material losses relating to these attempts, as a result of its controls, processes and systems to protect its networks, computers, software and data from attack, damage or unauthorized access but future attacks could be more disruptive or damaging. Attack attempts on the Company s computer systems are evolving and increasing, and the Company continues 

48

Table of Contents 
 to develop and enhance its controls and processes to protect against these attempts. 

 Compliance Risk Management

 The Company may suffer legal or regulatory sanctions, material financial loss, or damage to its reputation through failure to comply with laws, regulations, rules, standards of good practice, and codes of conduct, including those related to compliance with Bank Secrecy Act/anti-money laundering requirements, sanctions compliance requirements as administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control, consumer protection and other requirements. The Company has controls and processes in place for the assessment, identification, monitoring, management and reporting of compliance risks and issues, including those created or increased by economic and financial disruptions. Refer to Supervision and Regulation in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K
 for the year ended December 31, 2022, for further discussion of the regulatory framework applicable to bank holding companies and their subsidiaries. 
 Interest Rate Risk Management

 In the banking industry, changes in interest rates are a significant risk that can impact earnings and the safety and soundness of an entity. The Company manages its exposure to changes in interest rates through asset and liability management activities within guidelines established by its Asset Liability Management Committee ALCO and approved by the Board of Directors. The ALCO has the responsibility for approving and overseeing compliance with the ALCO management policies, including interest rate risk exposure. One way the Company measures and analyzes its interest rate risk is through net interest income simulation analysis. 
 Simulation analysis incorporates substantially all of the Company s assets and liabilities and off-balance
 sheet instruments, together with forecasted changes in the balance sheet and assumptions that reflect the current interest rate environment. Through this simulation, management estimates the impact on net interest income of various interest rate changes that differ in the direction, amount and speed of change over time, as well as the shape of the yield curve. This simulation includes assumptions about how the balance sheet is likely to be affected by changes in loan and deposit growth. Assumptions are made to project interest rates for new loans and deposits based on historical analysis, management s outlook and re-pricing
 strategies. These assumptions are reviewed and validated on a periodic basis with sensitivity analysis being provided for key variables of the simulation. The results are reviewed monthly by the ALCO and are used to guide asset/liability management strategies. 

 The Company manages its interest rate risk position by holding assets with desired interest rate risk characteristics on its balance sheet, implementing certain pricing strategies for loans and deposits and selecting derivatives and various funding and investment portfolio strategies. 

 Table 20 summarizes the projected impact to net interest income over the next 12 months of various potential interest rate changes. The sensitivity of the projected impact to net interest income over the next 12 months is dependent on balance sheet growth, product mix, deposit behavior, pricing and funding decisions. While the Company utilizes models and assumptions based on historical information and expected behaviors, actual outcomes could vary significantly. Net interest income sensitivities reflect the impact of current market expectations for interest rates, driving an increase in baseline projected net interest income. As market expectations are reflected in projected results, incremental interest rate sensitivity declines on a percentage basis. 

 Use of Derivatives to Manage Interest Rate and Other Risks

To manage the sensitivity of earnings and capital to interest rate, prepayment, credit, price and foreign currency fluctuations (asset and liability management positions), the Company enters into derivative transactions. The Company uses derivatives for asset and liability management purposes primarily in the following ways: 

To convert fixed-rate debt and available-for-sale

 investment securities from fixed-rate payments to floating-rate payments; 

To convert floating-rate loans and debt from floating-rate payments to fixed-rate payments; 

To mitigate changes in value of the Company s unfunded mortgage loan commitments, funded MLHFS and MSRs; 

To mitigate remeasurement volatility of foreign currency denominated balances; and 

To mitigate the volatility of the Company s net investment in foreign operations driven by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. 
 In addition, the Company enters into interest rate and foreign exchange derivative contracts to support the business requirements of its customers (customer-related positions). The Company minimizes the market and liquidity risks of customer-related positions by either entering into similar offsetting positions with broker-dealers, or on a portfolio basis by entering into other derivative or non-derivative
 financial instruments that partially or fully offset the exposure from these customer-related positions. The Company may enter into derivative contracts that are either exchange-traded, centrally cleared through clearinghouses or over-the-counter.

 The Company does not utilize derivatives for speculative purposes. 

TABLE 20

Sensitivity of Net Interest Income 

December 31, 2022 (a)

December 31, 2021 

Down 50 bps Immediate 

Up 50 bps Immediate 

Down 200 bps Gradual 

Up 200 bps Gradual 

Down 50 bps Immediate 

Up 50 bps Immediate 

Down 200 bps Gradual 

Up 200 bps Gradual 

Net interest income

(.58) 

.95 

(2.02) 

1.44 

(3.77) 

3.09 

5.39 

Given the level of interest rates, downward rate scenario is not computed. 

(a)

December 31, 2022 amounts include MUB. 

49

Table of Contents 
 The Company does not designate all of the derivatives that it enters into for risk management purposes as accounting hedges because of the inefficiency of applying the accounting requirements and may instead elect fair value accounting for the related hedged items. In particular, the Company enters into interest rate swaps, swaptions, forward commitments to buy to-be-announced

 securities TBAs ), U.S. Treasury and Eurodollar futures and options on U.S. Treasury futures to mitigate fluctuations in the value of its MSRs, but does not designate those derivatives as accounting hedges. Refer to Note 10 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding MSRs, including management of the changes in fair value. 
 Additionally, the Company uses forward commitments to sell TBAs and other commitments to sell residential mortgage loans at specified prices to economically hedge the interest rate risk in its residential mortgage loan production activities. The forward commitments to sell and the unfunded mortgage loan commitments on loans intended to be sold are considered derivatives under the accounting guidance related to accounting for derivative instruments and hedging activities. The Company has elected the fair value option for the MLHFS. 

 Derivatives are subject to credit risk associated with counterparties to the contracts. Credit risk associated with derivatives is measured by the Company based on the probability of counterparty default. The Company manages the credit risk of its derivative positions by diversifying its positions among various counterparties, by entering into master netting arrangements, and, where possible, by requiring collateral arrangements. The Company may also transfer counterparty credit risk related to interest rate swaps to third parties through the use of risk participation agreements. In addition, certain interest rate swaps, interest rate forwards and credit contracts are required to be centrally cleared through clearinghouses to further mitigate counterparty credit risk. The Company may mitigate credit risk on loans or lending portfolios through the use of credit contracts. 

 For additional information on derivatives and hedging activities, refer to Notes 20 and 21 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 LIBOR Transition

In July 2017, the United Kingdom s Financial Conduct Authority (the FCA announced that it would no longer require banks to submit rates for the London InterBank Offered Rate LIBOR after 2021. In March 2021, the FCA and the administrator of LIBOR announced that, with respect to the most commonly used tenors of United States Dollar LIBOR, LIBOR will no longer be published on a representative basis after June 30, 2023. The publication of all other tenors of United States Dollar LIBOR, as well as all non-United
 States Dollar LIBOR tenors, ceased to be provided or ceased to be representative after December 31, 2021. The Company holds financial instruments impacted by the discontinuance of LIBOR, including certain loans, investment securities, derivatives, borrowings and other financial instruments that use LIBOR as the benchmark rate. The Company also provides various services to 

 customers in its capacities as trustee, servicer, and asset manager, which involve financial instruments that will be similarly impacted by the discontinuance of LIBOR. 

 In order to facilitate the transition process, the Company has instituted a LIBOR Transition Office and commenced an enterprise-wide project to (1) identify, assess, monitor and mitigate risks associated with the expected discontinuance or unavailability of LIBOR, (2) actively engage with industry working groups and regulators, (3) develop and implement training and education materials with respect to LIBOR and its discontinuance for the Company and for customers, (4) achieve operational readiness for the use of alternative reference rates ARRs in new financial instruments and transition existing LIBOR financial instruments to ARRs, (5) develop and implement customer notification programs across the Company and engage impacted customers to remediate and transition impacted instruments, and (6) develop reporting on remediation of LIBOR instruments across the Company for both internal and external stakeholders. The Company has also invested in updating its systems, models, procedures and internal infrastructure as part of the transition program. 

 The Company transitioned its financial instruments associated to LIBOR currencies and tenors that ceased or became nonrepresentative on December 31, 2021, to ARRs, with limited exceptions. Additionally, in alignment with guidance from United States banking agencies and the FCA, the Company has ceased the use of LIBOR as a reference rate in new contracts, with limited exceptions, and continues to increase the usage of ARRs such as the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ). The Company also anticipates that additional financial instruments associated with the remaining United States Dollar LIBOR tenors will require transition to a new reference rate by June 30, 2023. The Company has been undergoing an enterprise-wide effort to proactively reprice LIBOR loans and derivatives that mature after June 30, 2023, with customers to an ARR. The Company has also adopted industry best practice guidelines for fallback language for new transactions, converted its cleared interest rate swaps discounting to SOFR discounting, and distributed communications related to the transition to certain impacted parties, both inside and outside the Company. 

 The Company s MUB acquisition impacts the execution of the Company s LIBOR transition strategies and execution plans. The Company is currently assessing MUB s LIBOR transition program, remediation strategies, and preparedness to execute on remediation strategies. In certain instances, the Company and MUB have different remediation strategies. As a result, the Company is updating its LIBOR transition plans to ensure that the Company can execute remediation plans across all products and business units, including with respect to MUB. 

 The Company is currently assessing the applicability and scope of the Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act (the LIBOR Act ), which was enacted on March 15, 2022, and the Regulations Implementing the Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act (Regulation ZZ) (the Final Rules ), which were implemented 

50

Table of Contents 
 on December 16, 2022. The LIBOR Act and Final Rules establish a process for replacing LIBOR in existing LIBOR contracts that do not provide for the use of a clearly defined or practicable replacement benchmark rate by providing that a benchmark replacement identified by the Federal Reserve Board that is based on SOFR will replace LIBOR as the benchmark for those contracts as a matter of law, without the need to be amended by the parties. The Company is currently assessing its outstanding LIBOR portfolio to determine the eligibility of certain financial instruments for the LIBOR Act and will incorporate the LIBOR Act as a remediation strategy where prudent. Refer to Risk Factors beginning on page 140, for further discussion on potential risks that could adversely affect the Company s financial results as a result of the LIBOR transition. 

 Market Risk Management

 In addition to interest rate risk, the Company is exposed to other forms of market risk, principally related to trading activities which support customers strategies to manage their own foreign currency, interest rate risk and funding activities. For purposes of its internal capital adequacy assessment process, the Company considers risk arising from its trading activities, as well as the remeasurement volatility of foreign currency denominated balances included on its Consolidated Balance Sheet (collectively, Covered Positions ), employing methodologies consistent with the requirements of regulatory rules for market risk. The Company s Market Risk Committee MRC ), within the framework of the ALCO, oversees market risk management. The MRC monitors and reviews the Company s Covered Positions and establishes policies for market risk management, including exposure limits for each portfolio. The Company uses a VaR approach to measure general market risk. Theoretically, VaR represents the statistical risk of loss the Company has to adverse market movements over a one-day
 time horizon. The Company uses the Historical Simulation method to calculate VaR for its Covered Positions measured at the ninety-ninth percentile using a one-year
 look-back period for distributions derived from past market data. The market factors used in the calculations include those pertinent to market risks inherent in the underlying trading portfolios, principally those that affect the Company s corporate bond trading business, foreign currency transaction business, client derivatives business, loan trading business and municipal securities business, as well as those inherent in the Company s foreign denominated balances and the derivatives used to mitigate the related measurement volatility. On average, the Company expects the one-day
 VaR to be exceeded by actual losses two to three times per year related to these positions. The Company monitors the accuracy of internal VaR models and modeling processes by back-testing model performance, regularly updating the historical data used by the VaR models and regular model validations to assess the accuracy of the models input, processing, and reporting components. All models are required to be independently reviewed and approved prior to being placed in use. If the Company were to experience market losses in excess of the estimated VaR more often than expected, the VaR models and associated assumptions would be analyzed and adjusted. VaR 

 amounts reflect MUB beginning December 1, 2022, the day the acquisition transaction closed. 

 The average, high, low and period-end
 one-day
 VaR amounts for the Company s Covered Positions were as follows: 

Year Ended December 31

 (Dollars in Millions)

2022 

2021 

Average

2 

2 

High

7 

4 

Low

1 

1 

Period-end

5 

2 
 
 The Company did not experience any actual losses for its combined Covered Positions that exceeded VaR during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company stress tests its market risk measurements to provide management with perspectives on market events that may not be captured by its VaR models, including worst case historical market movement combinations that have not necessarily occurred on the same date. 

 The Company calculates Stressed VaR using the same underlying methodology and model as VaR, except that a historical continuous one-year
 look-back period is utilized that reflects a period of significant financial stress appropriate to the Company s Covered Positions. The period selected by the Company includes the significant market volatility of the last four months of 2008. 
 The average, high, low and period-end
 one-day
 Stressed VaR amounts for the Company s Covered Positions were as follows: 

Year Ended December 31

 (Dollars in Millions)

2022 

2021 

Average

10 

7 

High

19 

9 

Low

6 

5 

Period-end

13 

7 
 
 Valuations of positions in client derivatives and foreign currency activities are based on discounted cash flow or other valuation techniques using market-based assumptions. These valuations are compared to third-party quotes or other market prices to determine if there are significant variances. Significant variances are approved by senior management in the Company s corporate functions. Valuation of positions in the corporate bond trading, loan trading and municipal securities businesses are based on trader marks. These trader marks are evaluated against third-party prices, with significant variances approved by senior management in the Company s corporate functions. 

 The Company also measures the market risk of its hedging activities related to residential MLHFS and MSRs using the Historical Simulation method. The VaRs are measured at the ninety-ninth percentile and employ factors pertinent to the market risks inherent in the valuation of the assets and hedges. A one-year
 look-back period is used to obtain past market data for the models. 

51

Table of Contents 
 The average, high and low VaR amounts for the residential MLHFS and related hedges and the MSRs and related hedges were as follows: 

Year Ended December 31

 (Dollars in Millions)

2022 

2021 

Residential Mortgage Loans Held For Sale and Related Hedges

Average

2 

9 

High

5 

19 

Low

4 

Mortgage Servicing Rights and Related Hedges

Average

8 

4 

High

20 

11 

Low

3 

1 
 
 Liquidity Risk Management

 The Company s liquidity risk management process is designed to identify, measure, and manage the Company s funding and liquidity risk to meet its daily funding needs and to address expected and unexpected changes in its funding requirements. The Company engages in various activities to manage its liquidity risk. These activities include diversifying its funding sources, stress testing, and holding readily-marketable assets which can be used as a source of liquidity if needed. In addition, the Company s profitable operations, sound credit quality and strong capital position have enabled it to develop a large and reliable base of core deposit funding within its market areas and in domestic and global capital markets. 
 The Company s Board of Directors approves the Company s liquidity policy. The Risk Management Committee of the Company s Board of Directors oversees the Company s liquidity risk management process and approves a contingency funding plan. The ALCO reviews the Company s liquidity policy and limits, and regularly assesses the Company s ability to meet funding requirements arising from adverse company-specific or market events. 

 The Company s liquidity policy requires it to maintain diversified wholesale funding sources to avoid maturity, entity and market concentrations. The Company operates a Cayman Islands branch for issuing Eurodollar time deposits. In addition, the Company has relationships with dealers to issue national market retail and institutional savings certificates and short-term and medium-term notes. The Company also maintains a significant correspondent banking network and relationships. Accordingly, the Company has access to national federal funds, funding through repurchase agreements and sources of stable certificates of deposit and commercial paper. 

The Company regularly projects its funding needs under various stress scenarios and maintains a contingency funding plan consistent with the Company s access to diversified sources of contingent funding. The Company maintains a substantial level of total available liquidity in the form of on-balance
 sheet and off-balance
 sheet funding sources. These liquidity sources include cash at the Federal Reserve Bank and certain European central banks, unencumbered liquid assets, and capacity to borrow from the FHLB and at the Federal Reserve Bank s Discount Window. Unencumbered liquid assets in the Company s investment securities portfolio provides asset liquidity through the Company s ability to sell the securities or pledge and borrow against them. At December 31, 2022, the fair value of unencumbered investment securities totaled 135.5 billion, compared with 144.0 billion at December 31, 2021. Refer to Note 5 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements and Balance Sheet Analysis for further information on investment securities maturities and trends. Asset liquidity is further enhanced by the Company s practice of pledging loans to access secured borrowing facilities through the FHLB and Federal Reserve Bank. At December 31, 2022, the Company could have borrowed a total of an additional 114.8 billion from the FHLB and Federal Reserve Bank based on collateral available for additional borrowings. 
 The Company s diversified deposit base provides a sizeable source of relatively stable and low-cost
 funding, while reducing the Company s reliance on the wholesale markets. Total deposits were 525.0 billion at December 31, 2022, compared with 456.1 billion at December 31, 2021. Refer to Note 12 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements and Balance Sheet Analysis for further information on the maturities, terms and trends of the Company s deposits. 
 Additional funding is provided by long-term debt and short-term borrowings. Long-term debt was 39.8 billion at December 31, 2022, and is an important funding source because of its multi-year borrowing structure. Refer to Note 14 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for information on the terms and maturities of the Company s long-term debt issuances and Balance Sheet Analysis for discussion on long-term debt trends. Short-term borrowings were 31.2 billion at December 31, 2022, and supplement the Company s other funding sources. Refer to Note 13 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements and Balance Sheet Analysis for further information on the terms and trends of the Company s short-term borrowings. 

 The Company s ability to raise negotiated funding at competitive prices is influenced by rating agencies views of the Company s credit quality, liquidity, capital and earnings. Table 21 details the rating agencies most recent assessments. 

52

Table of Contents 

TABLE 21

Credit Ratings 

Moody s 

S P Global Ratings 

Fitch Ratings 

DBRS Morningstar 

U.S. Bancorp

Long-term issuer rating

A2 

A+ 

AA- 

AA 

Short-term issuer rating

A-1

F1+ 

R-1 (middle)

Senior unsecured debt

A2 

A+ 

A+ 

AA 

Subordinated debt

A2 

A 

A 

AA (low) 

Junior subordinated debt

A3 

Preferred stock

Baa1 

BBB+ 

BBB+ 

A 

Commercial paper

P-1

F1+ 

U.S. Bank National Association

Long-term issuer rating

A1 

AA- 

AA- 

AA (high) 

Short-term issuer rating

P-1

A-1+

F1+ 

R-1
 (high) 

Long-term deposits

Aa2 

AA 

AA (high) 

Short-term deposits

P-1

F1+ 

Senior unsecured debt

A1 

AA- 

AA- 

AA (high) 

Subordinated debt

A1 

A+ 

AA 

Commercial paper

P-1

A-1+

F1+ 

Counterparty risk assessment

Aa3(cr)/P-1(cr)

Counterparty risk rating

A1/P-1

Baseline credit assessment

a1 

In addition to assessing liquidity risk on a consolidated basis, the Company monitors the parent company s liquidity. The parent company s routine funding requirements consist primarily of operating expenses, dividends paid to shareholders, debt service, repurchases of common stock and funds used for acquisitions. During 2022, the Company used approximately 5.5 billion of parent company cash to acquire MUB. The parent company obtains funding to meet its obligations from dividends collected from its subsidiaries and the issuance of debt and capital securities. The Company establishes limits for the minimal number of months into the future where the parent company can meet existing and forecasted obligations with cash and securities held that can be readily monetized. The Company measures and manages this limit in both normal and adverse conditions. The Company maintains sufficient funding to meet expected capital and debt service obligations for 24 months without the support of dividends from subsidiaries and assuming access to the wholesale markets is maintained. The Company maintains sufficient liquidity to meet its capital and debt service obligations for 12 months under adverse conditions without the support of dividends from subsidiaries or access to the wholesale markets. The parent company is currently in excess of required liquidity minimums. 

 Under United States Securities and Exchange Commission rules, the parent company is classified as a well-known seasoned issuer, which allows it to file a registration statement that does not have a limit on issuance capacity. Well-known seasoned issuers generally include those companies with outstanding common securities with a market value of at least 700 million held by non-affiliated
 parties or those companies that have issued at least 1 billion in aggregate principal amount of non-convertible
 securities, other than common equity, in the last three years. However, the parent company s ability to issue 

 debt and other securities under a registration statement filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission under these rules is limited by the debt issuance authority granted by the Company s Board of Directors and/or the ALCO policy. 

 At December 31, 2022, parent company long-term debt outstanding was 27.0 billion, compared with 18.9 billion at December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily due to 6.9 billion of medium-term note and 1.3 billion of subordinated note issuances, along with an increase related to the 3.5 billion of additional capital received as part of the MUB acquisition. These increases were partially offset by 1.3 billion of subordinated note and 1.0 billion of medium-term note repayments. As of December 31, 2022, there was no parent company debt scheduled to mature in 2023. Future debt maturities may be met through medium-term note and capital security issuances and dividends from subsidiaries, as well as from parent company cash and cash equivalents. 

 Dividend payments to the Company by its subsidiary banks are subject to regulatory review and statutory limitations and, in some instances, regulatory approval. In general, dividends to the parent company from its banking subsidiaries are limited by rules which compare dividends to net income for regulatorily-defined periods. For further information, see Note 25 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 The Company is subject to a regulatory Liquidity Coverage Ratio LCR requirement which requires banks to maintain an adequate level of unencumbered high quality liquid assets to meet estimated liquidity needs over a 30-day
 stressed period. At December 31, 2022, the Company was compliant with this requirement. 
 The Company is also subject to a regulatory Net Stable Funding Ratio NSFR requirement which requires banks to maintain a minimum level of stable funding based on the liquidity 

53

Table of Contents 
 characteristics of their assets, commitments, and derivative exposures over a one-year
 time horizon. At December 31, 2022, the Company was compliant with this requirement. 
 European Exposures

The Company provides merchant processing and corporate trust services in Europe either directly or through banking affiliations in Europe. Revenue generated from sources in Europe represented approximately 2 percent of the Company s total net revenue for 2022. Operating cash for these businesses is deposited on a short-term basis typically with certain European central banks. For deposits placed at other European banks, exposure is mitigated by the Company placing deposits at multiple banks and managing the amounts on deposit at any bank based on institution-specific deposit limits. At December 31, 2022, the Company had an aggregate amount on deposit with European banks of approximately 7.7 billion, predominately with the Central Bank of Ireland and Bank of England. 
 In addition, the Company provides financing to domestic multinational corporations that generate revenue from customers in European countries, transacts with various European banks as counterparties to certain derivative-related activities, and through a subsidiary, manages money market funds that hold certain investments in European sovereign debt. Any deterioration in economic conditions in Europe, including the impacts resulting from the Russia-Ukraine conflict, is not expected to have a significant effect on the Company related to these activities. 

 Commitments, Contingent Liabilities and Other Contractual Obligations

The Company participates in many different contractual arrangements which may or may not be recorded on its balance sheet, with unrelated or consolidated entities, under which the Company has an obligation to pay certain amounts, provide credit or liquidity enhancements or provide market risk support. These arrangements also include any obligation related to a variable interest held in an unconsolidated entity that provides financing, liquidity, credit enhancement or market risk support. 
 In the ordinary course of business, the Company enters into contractual obligations that may require future cash payments, including funding for customer loan requests, customer deposit maturities and withdrawals, debt service, leases for premises and equipment, and other cash commitments. Refer to Notes 7, 12, 14, 17 and 23 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for information on the Company s operating lease obligations, deposits, long-term debt, benefit obligations and guarantees and other commitments, respectively. 

 Commitments to extend credit are legally binding and generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses. Many of the Company s commitments to extend credit expire without being drawn and, therefore, total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future liquidity requirements or the Company s exposure to credit loss. Commitments to extend credit also include consumer credit lines that are cancelable upon notification to the consumer. Total contractual amounts of commitments to extend credit at December 31, 2022 were 

387.4 billion. The Company also issues and confirms various types of letters of credit, including standby and commercial. Total contractual amounts of letters of credit at December 31, 2022 were 11.4 billion. For more information on the Company s commitments to extend credit and letters of credit, refer to Note 23 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 The Company s off-balance
 sheet arrangements with unconsolidated entities primarily consist of private investment funds or partnerships that make equity investments, provide debt financing or support community-based investments in tax-advantaged
 projects. In addition to providing investment returns, these arrangements in many cases assist the Company in complying with requirements of the Community Reinvestment Act. The investments in these entities generate a return primarily through the realization of federal and state income tax credits and other tax benefits, such as tax deductions from operating losses of the investments, over specified time periods. The entities in which the Company invests are generally considered variable interest entities VIEs ). The Company s recorded investment in these entities, net of contractual equity investment commitments of 2.4 billion, was 3.0 billion at December 31, 2022. 
 The Company also has non-controlling
 financial investments in private funds and partnerships considered VIEs. The Company s recorded investment in these entities was approximately 177 million at December 31, 2022, and the Company had unfunded commitments to invest an additional 133 million. For more information on the Company s interests in unconsolidated VIEs, refer to Note 8 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Guarantees are contingent commitments issued by the Company to customers or other third parties requiring the Company to perform if certain conditions exist or upon the occurrence or nonoccurrence of a specified event, such as a scheduled payment to be made under contract. The Company s primary guarantees include commitments from securities lending activities in which indemnifications are provided to customers; indemnification or buy-back
 provisions related to sales of loans and tax credit investments; and merchant charge-back guarantees through the Company s involvement in providing merchant processing services. For certain guarantees, the Company may have access to collateral to support the guarantee, or through the exercise of other recourse provisions, be able to offset some or all of any payments made under these guarantees. 
 The Company and certain of its subsidiaries, along with other Visa U.S.A. Inc. member banks, have a contingent guarantee obligation to indemnify Visa Inc. for potential losses arising from antitrust lawsuits challenging the practices of Visa U.S.A. Inc. and MasterCard International. The indemnification by the Company and other Visa U.S.A. Inc. member banks has no maximum amount. Refer to Note 23 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further details regarding guarantees, other commitments, and contingent liabilities, including maximum potential future payments and current carrying amounts. 

54

Table of Contents 
 Capital Management

 The Company is committed to managing capital to maintain strong protection for depositors and creditors and for maximum shareholder benefit. The Company also manages its capital to exceed regulatory capital requirements for banking organizations. To achieve its capital goals, the Company employs a variety of capital management tools, including dividends, common share repurchases, and the issuance of subordinated debt, non-cumulative
 perpetual preferred stock, common stock and other capital instruments. 
 The Company announced on December 22, 2020 that its Board of Directors had approved an authorization to repurchase 3.0 billion of its common stock beginning January 1, 2021, and repurchased 1.5 billion of its common stock during the first six months of 2021 under this program. The Company suspended all common stock repurchases at the beginning of the third quarter of 2021, except for those done exclusively in connection with its stock-based compensation programs, due to its acquisition of MUB. The Company does not expect to commence repurchasing its common stock until after its common equity tier 1 capital ratio approximates 9.0 percent at which time the Company will assess its capital position relative to existing and proposed regulatory capital requirements. 

 The Company announced on September 13, 2022 that its Board of Directors had approved a regular quarterly dividend of 0.48 per common share. This represented a 4.3 percent increase over the previous dividend rate per common share of 0.46 per quarter. 

 The Company will continue to monitor its capital position and may adjust its capital distributions based on economic conditions, existing and proposed regulatory capital requirements and its financial performance. Capital distributions, including dividends and stock repurchases, are subject to the approval of the Company s Board of Directors and compliance with regulatory requirements. For a more complete analysis of activities impacting shareholders equity and capital management programs, refer to Note 15 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 Total U.S. Bancorp shareholders equity was 50.8 billion at December 31, 2022, compared with 54.9 billion at December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily the result of changes in unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale

 investment securities included in other comprehensive income (loss) and dividends paid, partially offset by corporate earnings, the issuance of additional common shares related to the acquisition of MUB and the issuance of preferred stock. 
 The regulatory capital requirements effective for the Company follow Basel III, with the Company being subject to calculating its 

capital adequacy as a percentage of risk-weighted assets under the standardized approach. Under Basel III, banking regulators define minimum capital requirements for banks and financial services holding companies. These requirements are expressed in the form of a minimum common equity tier 1 capital ratio, tier 1 capital ratio, total risk-based capital ratio, tier 1 leverage ratio and a tier 1 total leverage exposure, or supplementary leverage, ratio. The Company s minimum required level for these ratios at December 31, 2022, which include a stress capital buffer of 2.5 percent for the common equity tier 1 capital, tier 1 capital and total capital ratios, was 7.0 percent, 8.5 percent, 10.5 percent, 4.0 percent, and 3.0 percent, respectively. The Company targets its regulatory capital levels, at both the bank and bank holding company level, to exceed the well-capitalized threshold for these ratios under the FDIC Improvement Act prompt corrective action provisions that are applicable to all banks. At December 31, 2022, the minimum well-capitalized thresholds under the prompt corrective action framework for the common equity tier 1 capital ratio, tier 1 capital ratio, total risk-based capital ratio, tier 1 leverage ratio, and tier 1 total leverage exposure ratio was 6.5 percent, 8.0 percent, 10.0 percent, 5.0 percent, and 3.0 percent, respectively. Beginning in 2022, the Company began to phase into its regulatory capital requirements the cumulative deferred impact of its 2020 adoption of the accounting guidance related to the impairment of financial instruments based on the current expected credit losses CECL methodology plus 25 percent of its quarterly credit reserve increases over the past two years. This cumulative deferred impact will be phased into the Company s regulatory capital over the next three years, culminating with a fully phased in regulatory capital calculation beginning in 2025. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s bank subsidiaries met all regulatory capital ratios to be considered well-capitalized . There are no conditions or events since December 31, 2022 that management believes have changed the risk-based category of its covered subsidiary banks. 

 As an approved mortgage seller and servicer, the Company s banking subsidiaries, through their mortgage banking divisions, are required to maintain various levels of shareholder s equity, as specified by various agencies, including the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development, Government National Mortgage Association, Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation and the Federal National Mortgage Association. At December 31, 2022, the Company s banking subsidiaries met these requirements. 

55

Table of Contents 

TABLE 22

Regulatory Capital Ratios 

At December 31 (Dollars in Millions) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Basel III standardized approach:

Common shareholders equity

43,958 

48,547 

Less intangible assets

Goodwill (net of deferred tax liability)

(11,395) 

(9,323) 
 
 Other disallowed intangible assets (net of deferred tax liability)

(2,792) 

(785) 
 
 Other (a)

11,789 

3,262 

Common equity tier 1 capital

41,560 

41,701 

Qualifying preferred stock

6,808 

6,371 

Noncontrolling interests eligible for tier 1 capital

450 

450 

Other (b)

(5) 

(6) 
 
 Tier 1 capital

48,813 

48,516 

Eligible portion of allowance for credit losses

5,682 

4,081 

Subordinated debt and noncontrolling interests eligible for tier 2 capital

4,520 

3,653 

Tier 2 capital

10,202 

7,734 

Total risk-based capital

59,015 

56,250 

Risk-weighted assets

496,500 

418,571 

Common equity tier 1 capital as a percent of risk-weighted assets

8.4 

10.0 

Tier 1 capital as a percent of risk-weighted assets

9.8 

11.6 

Total risk-based capital as a percent of risk-weighted assets

11.9 

13.4 

Tier 1 capital as a percent of adjusted quarterly average assets (leverage ratio)

7.9 

8.6 

Tier 1 capital as a percent of total on-
 and off-balance
 sheet leverage exposure (total leverage exposure ratio)

6.4 

6.9 

(a)

Includes the impact of items included in other comprehensive income (loss), such as unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale

 securities, accumulated net gains on cash flow hedges, pension liability adjustments, etc., and the portion of deferred tax assets related to net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards not eligible for common equity tier 1 capital. 

(b)

Includes the remaining portion of deferred tax assets not eligible for total tier 1 capital. 

Table 22 provides a summary of statutory regulatory capital ratios in effect for the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021. All regulatory ratios exceeded regulatory well-capitalized requirements. 

 The Company believes certain other capital ratios are useful in evaluating its capital adequacy. The Company s tangible common equity, as a percent of tangible assets and as a percent of risk-weighted assets determined in accordance with transitional regulatory capital requirements related to the CECL methodology under the standardized approach, was 4.5 percent and 6.0 percent, respectively, at December 31, 2022, compared with 6.8 percent and 9.2 percent at December 31, 2021, respectively. In addition, the Company s common equity tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets ratio, reflecting the full implementation of the CECL methodology was 8.1 percent at December 31, 2022, compared with 9.6 percent at December 31, 2021. Refer to Non-GAAP
 Financial Measures beginning on page 59 for further information on these other capital ratios. 
 Line of Business Financial Review 

The Company s major lines of business are Corporate and Commercial Banking, Consumer and Business Banking, Wealth Management and Investment Services, Payment Services, and Treasury and Corporate Support. These operating segments are components of the Company about which financial information is prepared and is evaluated regularly by management in deciding how to allocate resources and assess performance. 

Basis for Financial Presentation

 Business line results are derived from the Company s business unit profitability reporting systems by specifically attributing managed balance sheet assets, deposits and other liabilities and their related income or expense. Refer to Note 24 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information on the business lines basis for financial presentation. 
 Designations, assignments and allocations change from time to time as management systems are enhanced, methods of evaluating performance or product lines change or business segments are realigned to better respond to the Company s diverse customer base. During 2022, certain organization and methodology changes were made and, accordingly, 2021 results were restated and presented on a comparable basis. Effective with the close of the MUB acquisition, MUB related business activities were integrated into the applicable line of business results. 

 Corporate and Commercial Banking

 Corporate and Commercial Banking offers lending, equipment finance and small-ticket leasing, depository services, treasury management, capital markets services, international trade services and other financial services to middle market, large corporate, commercial real estate, financial institution, non-profit
 and public sector clients. Corporate and Commercial Banking contributed 1.8 billion of the Company s net income in 2022, or an increase of 277 million (17.7 percent), compared with 2021. 
 Net revenue increased 584 million (15.0 percent) in 2022, compared with 2021. Net interest income, on a taxable-

56

Table of Contents 
 equivalent basis, increased 615 million (21.6 percent) in 2022, compared with 2021, primarily due to higher loan and interest-bearing deposit balances, including those balances related to MUB, and the impact of higher rates on the margin benefit from deposits, partially offset by lower spreads on loans and lower noninterest-bearing deposits. Noninterest income decreased 31 million (3.0 percent) in 2022, compared with 2021, primarily due to lower commercial products revenue due to lower capital markets revenue, partially offset by higher trading revenue. 

 Noninterest expense increased 131 million (7.5 percent) in 2022, compared with 2021, primarily due to higher FDIC insurance expense, higher net shared services expense driven by investment in support of business growth and the impacts of the MUB acquisition, as well as higher compensation and employee benefits expense primarily due to merit increases and hiring to support business growth, partially offset by lower performance-based incentives related to capital markets activity. The provision for credit losses increased 84 million in 2022, compared with 2021, primarily due to loan loss provisions supporting growth in loan balances. 

 Consumer and Business Banking

 Consumer and Business Banking comprises consumer banking, small business banking and consumer lending. Products and services are delivered through banking offices, telephone servicing and sales, on-line
 services, direct mail, ATM processing, mobile devices, distributed mortgage loan officers, and intermediary relationships including auto dealerships, mortgage banks, and strategic business partners. Consumer and Business Banking contributed 1.8 billion of the Company s net income in 2022, or a decrease of 551 million (23.4 percent), compared with 2021. 
 Net revenue decreased 121 million (1.4 percent) in 2022, compared with 2021. Noninterest income decreased 940 million (37.7 percent) in 2022, compared with 2021, primarily due to lower mortgage banking revenue reflecting lower application volume, lower related gain on sale margins and lower performing loan sales, partially offset by an increase in the fair value of MSRs, net of hedging activities. Net interest income, on a taxable-equivalent basis, increased 819 million (13.5 percent) in 2022, compared with 2021, reflecting the favorable impact of higher rates on the margin benefit of deposits, partially offset by lower spreads on loans and lower loan fees. 

 Noninterest expense increased 249 million (4.5 percent) in 2022, compared with 2021, primarily due to increases in net shared services expense due to investments in digital capabilities and the impact of the MUB acquisition, as well as lower capitalized loan costs driven by lower mortgage production, partially offset by lower compensation and employee benefits expense and related loan expenses due to lower mortgage production. The provision for credit losses increased 364 million in 2022, compared with 2021, due to the impacts of balance sheet repositioning and capital management actions taken in the fourth quarter of 2022 in connection with the acquisition, along with loan balance growth and more favorable credit trends in 2021. 

 Wealth Management and Investment Services

 Wealth Management and Investment Services provides private banking, 

 financial advisory services, investment management, retail brokerage services, insurance, trust, custody and fund servicing through four businesses: Wealth Management, Global Corporate Trust Custody, U.S. Bancorp Asset Management and Fund Services. Wealth Management and Investment Services contributed 1.3 billion of the Company s net income in 2022, or an increase of 471 million (55.9 percent), compared with 2021. 

 Net revenue increased 953 million (29.6 percent) in 2022, compared with 2021. Net interest income, on a taxable-equivalent basis, increased 622 million (62.1 percent) in 2022, compared with 2021, primarily due to the favorable impact of higher rates on the margin benefit from deposits. Noninterest income increased 331 million (14.9 percent) in 2022, compared with 2021, primarily driven by higher trust and investment management fees reflecting lower money market fund fee waivers, the impact of the PFM acquisition and core business growth, partially offset by the impact of unfavorable market conditions. 

 Noninterest expense increased 323 million (15.4 percent) in 2022, compared with 2021, reflecting higher compensation and employee benefits expense as a result of merit increases, the PFM acquisition, core business growth and performance-based incentives, as well as higher net shared services expense driven by investment in support of business growth and the impact of the MUB acquisition. 

 Payment Services

 Payment Services includes consumer and business credit cards, stored-value cards, debit cards, corporate, government and purchasing card services and merchant processing. Payment Services contributed 1.3 billion of the Company s net income in 2022, or a decrease of 380 million (22.3 percent), compared with 2021. 
 Net revenue increased 290 million (4.8 percent) in 2022, compared with 2021. Net interest income, on a taxable-equivalent basis, increased 41 million (1.7 percent) in 2022, compared with 2021, primarily due to higher loan balances, higher loan fees and higher loan yields driven by higher interest rates, partially offset by higher funding costs. Noninterest income increased 249 million (7.0 percent) in 2022, compared with 2021, mainly due to continued strengthening of consumer and business spending across most sectors. As a result, there was strong growth in corporate payment products revenue driven by improving business spending across all product groups. In addition, merchant processing services revenue increased due to higher sales volume and higher merchant fees, partially offset by the impact of foreign currency rate changes in Europe. 

 Noninterest expense increased 165 million (4.9 percent) in 2022, compared with 2021, reflecting higher net shared services expense driven by investment in infrastructure and technology development, in addition to higher compensation and employee benefits expense as a result of merit increases and core business growth. The provision for credit losses increased 631 million in 2022, compared with 2021, primarily due to the impacts of increasing delinquency rates, along with stronger growth in loan balances. 

57

Table of Contents 

TABLE 23

Line of Business Financial Performance 

Corporate and

 Commercial Banking

Consumer and

 Business Banking

Wealth Management and

 Investment Services

Year Ended December 31

 (Dollars in Millions)

2022 

2021 

Percent Change 

2022 

2021 

Percent Change 

2022 

2021 

Percent Change 

Condensed Income Statement

Net interest income (taxable-equivalent basis)

3,468 

2,853 

21.6 

6,904 

6,085 

13.5 

1,624 

1,002 

62.1 

Noninterest income

1,008 

1,039 

(3.0) 

1,556 

2,496 

(37.7) 

2,553 

2,222 

14.9 

Total net revenue

4,476 

3,892 

15.0 

8,460 

8,581 

(1.4) 

4,177 

3,224 

29.6 

Noninterest expense

1,872 

1,741 

7.5 

5,824 

5,575 

4.5 

2,417 

2,094 

15.4 

Income (loss) before provision and income taxes

2,604 

2,151 

21.1 

2,636 

3,006 

(12.3) 

1,760 

1,130 

55.8 

Provision for credit losses

149 

65 

228 

(136) 

9 

7 

28.6 

Income (loss) before income taxes

2,455 

2,086 

17.7 

2,408 

3,142 

(23.4) 

1,751 

1,123 

55.9 

Income taxes and taxable-equivalent adjustment

614 

522 

17.6 

602 

785 

(23.3) 

438 

281 

55.9 

Net income (loss)

1,841 

1,564 

17.7 

1,806 

2,357 

(23.4) 

1,313 

842 

55.9 

Net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests

Net income (loss) attributable to U.S. Bancorp

1,841 

1,564 

17.7 

1,806 

2,357 

(23.4) 

1,313 

842 

55.9 

Average Balance Sheet

Loans

127,916 

103,404 

23.7 

145,079 

140,890 

3.0 

22,410 

18,095 

23.8 

Goodwill

1,915 

1,715 

11.7 

3,249 

3,429 

(5.2) 

1,720 

1,628 

5.7 

Other intangible assets

57 

5 

3,785 

2,761 

37.1 

308 

84 

Assets

143,370 

115,423 

24.2 

160,713 

161,385 

(.4) 

26,036 

21,303 

22.2 

Noninterest-bearing deposits

57,451 

61,991 

(7.3) 

32,256 

33,063 

(2.4) 

24,721 

24,663 

.2 

Interest-bearing deposits

97,169 

71,711 

35.5 

167,938 

157,592 

6.6 

73,461 

76,000 

(3.3) 

Total deposits

154,620 

133,702 

15.6 

200,194 

190,655 

5.0 

98,182 

100,663 

(2.5) 

Total U.S. Bancorp shareholders equity

14,403 

13,906 

3.6 

12,550 

12,319 

1.9 

3,675 

3,154 

16.5 

Payment

 Services

Treasury and

 Corporate Support

Consolidated

 Company

Year Ended December 31

 (Dollars in Millions)

2022 

2021 

Percent Change 

2022 

2021 

Percent Change 

2022 

2021 

Percent Change 

Condensed Income Statement

Net interest income (taxable-equivalent basis)

2,498 

2,457 

1.7 

352 

203 

73.4 

14,846 

12,600 

17.8 

Noninterest income

3,799 

3,550 

7.0 

540 

920 

(41.3) 

9,456 

10,227 

(7.5) 

Total net revenue

6,297 

6,007 

4.8 

892 

1,123 

(20.6) 

24,302 

22,827 

6.5 

Noninterest expense

3,551 

3,386 

4.9 

1,242 

932 

33.3 

14,906 

13,728 

8.6 

Income (loss) before provision and income taxes

2,746 

2,621 

4.8 

(350) 

191 

9,396 

9,099 

3.3 

Provision for credit losses

980 

349 

611 

(1,458) 

1,977 

(1,173) 

Income (loss) before income taxes

1,766 

2,272 

(22.3) 

(961) 

1,649 

7,419 

10,272 

(27.8) 

Income taxes and taxable-equivalent adjustment

442 

568 

(22.2) 

(515) 

131 

1,581 

2,287 

(30.9) 

Net income (loss)

1,324 

1,704 

(22.3) 

(446) 

1,518 

5,838 

7,985 

(26.9) 

Net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests

(13) 

(22) 

40.9 

(13) 

(22) 

40.9 

Net income (loss) attributable to U.S. Bancorp

1,324 

1,704 

(22.3) 

(459) 

1,496 

5,825 

7,963 

(26.8) 

Average Balance Sheet

Loans

34,627 

30,856 

12.2 

3,541 

3,720 

(4.8) 

333,573 

296,965 

12.3 

Goodwill

3,305 

3,184 

3.8 

10,189 

9,956 

2.3 

Other intangible assets

423 

507 

(16.6) 

4 

4,577 

3,357 

36.3 

Assets

41,109 

36,549 

12.5 

220,921 

221,872 

(.4) 

592,149 

556,532 

6.4 

Noninterest-bearing deposits

3,410 

4,861 

(29.8) 

2,556 

2,626 

(2.7) 

120,394 

127,204 

(5.4) 

Interest-bearing deposits

162 

145 

11.7 

3,260 

1,629 

341,990 

307,077 

11.4 

Total deposits

3,572 

5,006 

(28.6) 

5,816 

4,255 

36.7 

462,384 

434,281 

6.5 

Total U.S. Bancorp shareholders equity

8,235 

7,642 

7.8 

11,553 

16,789 

(31.2) 

50,416 

53,810 

(6.3) 

Not meaningful 

58

Table of Contents 
 Treasury and Corporate Support

 Treasury and Corporate Support includes the Company s investment portfolios, funding, capital management, interest rate risk management, income taxes not allocated to the business lines, including most investments in tax-advantaged
 projects, and the residual aggregate of those expenses associated with corporate activities that are managed on a consolidated basis. Treasury and Corporate Support recorded a net loss of 459 million in 2022, compared with net income of 1.5 billion in 2021. 
 Net revenue decreased 231 million (20.6 percent) in 2022, compared with 2021. Noninterest income decreased 380 million (41.3 percent) in 2022, compared with 2021, primarily due to the impacts of balance sheet repositioning and capital management actions taken in the fourth quarter of 2022 associated with the acquisition of MUB, partially offset by higher tax-advantaged
 investment syndication revenue. Net interest income, on a taxable-equivalent basis, increased 149 million (73.4 percent) in 2022, compared with 2021, primarily due to higher yields on the investment securities portfolio and interest-bearing deposits with banks, mostly offset by higher funding costs. 
 Noninterest expense increased 310 million (33.3 percent) in 2022, compared with 2021, primarily due to merger and integration charges associated with the acquisition of MUB, other accruals and higher compensation and employee benefits expense reflecting merit increases and hiring to support business growth, partially offset by lower net shared services expense. The provision for credit losses was 2.1 billion higher in 2022, compared with 2021, primarily due to the initial provision for credit losses recorded in the fourth quarter of 2022 related to the MUB acquisition and additional impacts to the allowance for credit losses related to increasing economic uncertainty in the current year, compared to improving economic conditions in the prior year. 

 Income taxes are assessed to each line of business at a managerial tax rate of 25.0 percent with the residual tax expense or benefit to arrive at the consolidated effective tax rate included in Treasury and Corporate Support. 

Non-GAAP
 Financial Measures 

 In addition to capital ratios defined by banking regulators, the Company considers various other measures when evaluating capital utilization and adequacy, including: 

Tangible common equity to tangible assets, 

Tangible common equity to risk-weighted assets, and 

Common equity tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets, reflecting the full implementation of the CECL methodology. 
 These capital measures are viewed by management as useful additional methods of evaluating the Company s utilization of its capital held and the level of capital available to withstand unexpected negative market or economic conditions. Additionally, presentation of these measures allows investors, analysts and banking regulators to assess the Company s capital position relative to other financial services companies. These capital measures are not defined in generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ), or are not currently effective or defined in banking regulations. In addition, certain of these measures differ from currently effective capital ratios defined by banking regulations principally in that the currently effective ratios, which are subject to certain transitional provisions, temporarily exclude the impact of the 2020 adoption of accounting guidance related to impairment of financial instruments based on the CECL methodology. As a result, these capital measures disclosed by the Company may be considered non-GAAP
 financial measures. Management believes this information helps investors assess trends in the Company s capital adequacy. 
 The Company also discloses net interest income and related ratios and analysis on a taxable-equivalent basis, which may also be considered non-GAAP
 financial measures. The Company believes this presentation to be the preferred industry measurement of net interest income as it provides a relevant comparison of net interest income arising from taxable and tax-exempt
 sources. In addition, certain performance measures, including the efficiency ratio and net interest margin utilize net interest income on a taxable-equivalent basis. 
 There may be limits in the usefulness of these measures to investors. As a result, the Company encourages readers to consider the consolidated financial statements and other financial information contained in this report in their entirety, and not to rely on any single financial measure. 

59

Table of Contents 
 The following tables show the Company s calculation of these non-GAAP
 financial measures: 

At December 31 (Dollars in Millions) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Total equity

51,232 

55,387 

Preferred stock

(6,808) 

(6,371) 
 
 Noncontrolling interests

(466) 

(469) 
 
 Goodwill (net of deferred tax liability) (1)

(11,395) 

(9,323) 
 
 Intangible assets (net of deferred tax liability), other than mortgage servicing rights

(2,792) 

(785) 

Tangible common equity (a)

29,771 

38,439 

Common equity tier 1 capital, determined in accordance with transitional regulatory capital requirements related to the CECL methodology implementation

41,560 

41,701 

Adjustments (2)

(1,299) 

(1,733) 

Common equity tier 1 capital, reflecting the full implementation of the CECL methodology (b)

40,261 

39,968 

Total assets

674,805 

573,284 

Goodwill (net of deferred tax liability) (1)

(11,395) 

(9,323) 
 
 Intangible assets (net of deferred tax liability), other than mortgage servicing rights

(2,792) 

(785) 

Tangible assets (c)

660,618 

563,176 

Risk-weighted assets, determined in accordance with prescribed regulatory capital requirements effective for the Company (d)

496,500 

418,571 

Adjustments (3)

(620) 

(357) 

Risk-weighted assets, reflecting the full implementation of the CECL methodology (e)

495,880 

418,214 

Ratios

Tangible common equity to tangible assets (a)/(c)

4.5 

6.8 

Tangible common equity to risk-weighted assets (a)/(d)

6.0 

9.2 

Common equity tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets, reflecting the full implementation of the CECL methodology (b)/(e)

8.1 

9.6 

Year Ended December 31 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Net interest income

14,728 

12,494 

12,825 

Taxable-equivalent adjustment (4)

118 

106 

99 

Net interest income, on a taxable-equivalent basis

14,846 

12,600 

12,924 

Net interest income, on a taxable-equivalent basis (as calculated above)

14,846 

12,600 

12,924 

Noninterest income

9,456 

10,227 

10,401 

Less: Securities gains (losses), net

20 

103 

177 

Total net revenue, excluding net securities gains (losses) (f)

24,282 

22,724 

23,148 

Noninterest expense (g)

14,906 

13,728 

13,369 

Efficiency ratio (g)/(f)

61.4 

60.4 

57.8 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Net Revenue 

Net Revenue as a Percent of the Consolidated Company 

Net Revenue as a Percent of the Consolidated Company Excluding Treasury and Corporate Support 

Corporate and Commercial Banking

4,476 

18 

19 

Consumer and Business Banking

8,460 

35 

36 

Wealth Management and Investment Services

4,177 

17 

18 

Payment Services

6,297 

26 

27 

Treasury and Corporate Support

892 

4 

Consolidated Company

24,302 

100 

Less: Treasury and Corporate Support

892 

Consolidated Company excluding Treasury and Corporate Support

23,410 

100 

(1)

Includes goodwill related to certain investments in unconsolidated financial institutions per prescribed regulatory requirements. 

(2)

Includes the estimated increase in the allowance for credit losses related to the adoption of the CECL methodology net of deferred taxes. 

(3)

Includes the impact of the estimated increase in the allowance for credit losses related to the adoption of the CECL methodology. 

(4)

Based on federal income tax rate of 21 percent for those assets and liabilities whose income or expense is not included for federal income tax purposes. 

60

Table of Contents 

Year Ended December 31 

Percent Change

(Dollars in Millions) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Net interest income

14,728 

12,494 

Taxable-equivalent adjustment (1)

118 

106 

Net interest income, on a taxable-equivalent basis

14,846 

12,600 

Net interest income, on a taxable-equivalent basis (as calculated above)

14,846 

12,600 

Noninterest income

9,456 

10,227 

Total net revenue

24,302 

22,827 

6.5 
 (a) 

Less: MUB net revenue

302 

Less: Notable items (2)

(399) 

Total net revenue, excluding MUB and notable items

24,399 

22,827 

6.9 
 (b) 

Noninterest expense

14,906 

13,728 

8.6 
 (c) 

Less: MUB noninterest expense

221 

Less: Notable items (3)

329 

Total noninterest expense, excluding MUB and notable items

14,356 

13,728 

4.6 
 (d) 

Operating leverage (a) - (c)

(2.1) 

Operating leverage, excluding MUB and notable items (b) - (d)

2.3 

(1)

Based on a federal income tax rate of 21 percent for those assets and liabilities whose income or expense is not included for federal income tax purposes. 

(2)

Represents 399 million of losses primarily related to interest rate economic hedges, entered into after regulatory approval was obtained, to manage the impact of interest rate volatility on capital prior to closing the MUB acquisition. 

(3)

Represents 329 million of merger and integration charges. 

61

Table of Contents 
 
 Accounting Changes 

Note 2 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements discusses accounting standards recently issued but not yet required to be adopted and the expected impact of these changes in accounting standards. To the extent the adoption of new accounting standards materially affects the Company s financial condition or results of operations, the impacts are discussed in the applicable section(s) of the Management s Discussion and Analysis and the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 Critical Accounting Policies 

The accounting and reporting policies of the Company comply with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States and conform to general practices within the banking industry. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions. The Company s financial position and results of operations can be affected by these estimates and assumptions, which are integral to understanding the Company s financial statements. Critical accounting policies are those policies management believes are the most important to the portrayal of the Company s financial condition and results, and require management to make estimates that are difficult, subjective or complex. Most accounting policies are not considered by management to be critical accounting policies. Several factors are considered in determining whether or not a policy is critical in the preparation of financial statements. These factors include, among other things, whether the estimates are significant to the financial statements, the nature of the estimates, the ability to readily validate the estimates with other information (including third-party sources or available prices), sensitivity of the estimates to changes in economic conditions and whether alternative accounting methods may be utilized under GAAP. Management has discussed the development and the selection of critical accounting policies with the Company s Audit Committee. 

 Significant accounting policies are discussed in Note 1 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Those policies considered to be critical accounting policies are described below. 

 Allowance for Credit Losses

 Management s evaluation of the appropriate allowance for credit losses is often the most critical of all the accounting estimates for a banking institution. It is an inherently subjective process impacted by many factors as discussed throughout the Management s Discussion and Analysis section of the Annual Report. 
 The methods utilized to estimate the allowance for credit losses, key assumptions and quantitative and qualitative information considered by management in determining the appropriate allowance for credit losses at December 31, 2022 are discussed in the Credit Risk Management section. Although methodologies utilized to determine each element of the allowance reflect management s assessment of credit risk, imprecision exists in these measurement tools due in part to 

subjective judgments involved and an inherent lag in the data available to quantify current conditions and events that affect credit loss reserve estimates. 

 Given the many quantitative variables and subjective factors affecting the credit portfolio, changes in the allowance for credit losses may not directly coincide with changes in risk ratings or delinquency status within loan and lease portfolios. This is in part due to the timing of the risk rating process in relation to changes in the business cycle, the exposure and mix of loans within risk rating categories, levels of nonperforming loans and the timing of charge-offs and expected recoveries. The allowance for credit losses measures the expected loss content on the remaining portfolio exposure, while nonperforming loans and net charge-offs are measures of specific impairment events that have already been confirmed. Therefore, the degree of change in the forward-looking expected loss in the allowance may differ from the level of changes in nonperforming loans and net charge-offs. Management maintains an appropriate allowance for credit losses by updating allowance rates to reflect changes in expected losses, including expected changes in economic or business cycle conditions. Some factors considered in determining the appropriate allowance for credit losses are more readily quantifiable while other factors require extensive qualitative judgment in determining the overall level of the allowance for credit losses. 

 The Company considers a range of economic scenarios in its determination of the allowance for credit losses. These scenarios are constructed with interrelated projections of multiple economic variables, and loss estimates are produced that consider the historical correlation of those economic variables with credit losses, and also the expectation that conditions will eventually normalize over the longer run. Scenarios worse than the Company s expected outcome at December 31, 2022 include risks that inflationary pressures persist longer than anticipated, which could precipitate a moderate to severe recession that increases credit losses. 

 Under the range of economic scenarios considered, the allowance for credit losses would have been lower by 1.4 billion or higher by 2.1 billion. This range reflects the sensitivity of the allowance for credit losses specifically related to the scenarios and weights considered as of December 31, 2022, and does not consider other potential adjustments that could increase or decrease loss estimates calculated using alternative economic scenarios. 

 Because several quantitative and qualitative factors are considered in determining the allowance for credit losses, these sensitivity analyses do not necessarily reflect the nature and extent of future changes in the allowance for credit losses. They are intended to provide insights into the impact of adverse changes in the economy on the Company s modeled loss estimates for the loan portfolio and do not imply any expectation of future deterioration in the risk rating or loss rates. Given current processes employed by the Company, management believes the risk ratings and loss model estimates currently assigned are appropriate. It is possible that others, given the same information, 

62

Table of Contents 
 may at any point in time reach different reasonable conclusions that could be significant to the Company s financial statements. Refer to the Analysis and Determination of the Allowance for Credit Losses section for further information. 

 Fair Value Estimates

 A portion of the Company s assets and liabilities are carried at fair value on the Consolidated Balance Sheet, with changes in fair value recorded either through earnings or other comprehensive income (loss) in accordance with applicable accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. These include all of the Company s available-for-sale

 investment securities, derivatives and other trading instruments, MSRs and MLHFS. The estimation of fair value also affects other loans held for sale, which are recorded at the lower-of-cost-or-fair

value. The determination of fair value is important for certain other assets that are periodically evaluated for impairment using fair value estimates, including goodwill and other intangible assets, impaired loans, OREO and other repossessed assets. Refer to Note 3 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on fair value estimates of assets and liabilities assumed in the MUB acquisition. 
 Fair value is generally defined as the exit price at which an asset or liability could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing, unrelated parties, other than in a forced or liquidation sale. Fair value is based on quoted market prices in an active market, or if market prices are not available, is estimated using models employing techniques such as matrix pricing or discounting expected cash flows. The significant assumptions used in the models, which include assumptions for interest rates, discount rates, prepayments and credit losses, are independently verified against observable market data where possible. Where observable market data is not available, the estimate of fair value becomes more subjective and involves a high degree of judgment. In this circumstance, fair value is estimated based on management s judgment regarding the value that market participants would assign to the asset or liability. This valuation process takes into consideration factors such as market illiquidity. Imprecision in estimating these factors can impact the amount recorded on the balance sheet for a particular asset or liability with related impacts to earnings or other comprehensive income (loss). 

 When available, trading and available-for-sale

 securities are valued based on quoted market prices. However, certain securities are traded less actively and, therefore, quoted market prices may not be available. The determination of fair value may require benchmarking to similar instruments or performing a discounted cash flow analysis using estimates of future cash flows and prepayment, interest and default rates. For more information on investment securities, refer to Note 5 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 As few derivative contracts are listed on an exchange, the majority of the Company s derivative positions are valued using valuation techniques that use readily observable market inputs. Certain derivatives, however, must be valued using techniques that include unobservable inputs. For these instruments, the significant assumptions must be estimated and, therefore, are 

subject to judgment. Note 20 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements provides a summary of the Company s derivative positions. 

 Refer to Note 22 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding estimations of fair value. 

 Mortgage Servicing Rights

 MSRs are capitalized as separate assets when loans are sold and servicing is retained, or may be purchased from others. The Company records MSRs at fair value. Because MSRs do not trade in an active market with readily observable prices, the Company determines the fair value by estimating the present value of the asset s future cash flows utilizing market-based prepayment rates, option adjusted spread, and other assumptions validated through comparison to trade information, industry surveys and independent third-party valuations. Changes in the fair value of MSRs are recorded in earnings during the period in which they occur. Risks inherent in the valuation of MSRs include higher than expected prepayment rates and/or delayed receipt of cash flows. The Company utilizes derivatives, including interest rate swaps, swaptions, forward commitments to buy TBAs, U.S. Treasury and Eurodollar futures and options on U.S. Treasury futures, to mitigate the valuation risk. Refer to Notes 10 and 22 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the assumptions used in determining the fair value of MSRs and an analysis of the sensitivity to changes in interest rates of the fair value of the MSRs portfolio and the related derivative instruments used to mitigate the valuation risk. 
 Income Taxes

 The Company estimates income tax expense based on amounts expected to be owed to the various tax jurisdictions in which it operates, including federal, state and local domestic jurisdictions, and an insignificant amount to foreign jurisdictions. The estimated income tax expense is reported in the Consolidated Statement of Income. Accrued taxes are reported in other assets or other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheet and represent the net estimated amount due to or to be received from taxing jurisdictions either currently or deferred to future periods. Deferred taxes arise from differences between assets and liabilities measured for financial reporting purposes versus income tax reporting purposes. Deferred tax assets are recognized if, in management s judgment, their realizability is determined to be more likely than not. Uncertain tax positions that meet the more likely than not recognition threshold are measured to determine the amount of benefit to recognize. An uncertain tax position is measured at the largest amount of benefit management believes is more likely than not to be realized upon settlement. In estimating accrued taxes, the Company assesses the relative merits and risks of the appropriate tax treatment considering statutory, judicial and regulatory guidance in the context of the tax position. Because of the complexity of tax laws and regulations, interpretation can be difficult and subject to legal judgment given specific facts and circumstances. It is possible that others, given the same information, may at any point in time reach different reasonable conclusions regarding the estimated amounts of accrued taxes. 

63

Table of Contents 
 Changes in the estimate of accrued taxes occur periodically due to changes in tax rates, interpretations of tax laws, the status of examinations being conducted by various taxing authorities, and newly enacted statutory, judicial and regulatory guidance that impacts the relative merits and risks of tax positions. These changes, when they occur, affect accrued taxes and can be significant to the operating results of the Company. Refer to Note 19 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding income taxes. 

 Controls and Procedures 

Under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, the Company has evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of its disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e)
 and 15d-15(e)
 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act )). Based upon this evaluation, which excluded the operations of MUB as noted in the Report of Management below, the principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
 During the most recently completed fiscal quarter, there was no change made in the Company s internal control over financial 

reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f)
 and 15d-15(f)
 under the Exchange Act) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 As permitted by Securities and Exchange Commission-issued guidance that an assessment of internal controls over financial reporting of a recently acquired business may be excluded from management s evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures for up to a year from the date of acquisition, the Company has excluded MUB from management s reporting on internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 as MUB was acquired by the Company during 2022. The Company will continue to evaluate the effectiveness of internal controls over financial reporting as it completes the integration of MUB with the Company and will make changes to its internal control framework, as necessary. The acquisition of MUB contributed 81.4 billion of assets, or 12 percent of the Company s total assets, at December 31, 2022 and 281 million of revenue, or 1 percent of the Company s total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

 The annual report of the Company s management on internal control over financial reporting is provided on page 65. The audit report of Ernst Young LLP, the Company s independent accountants, regarding the Company s internal control over financial reporting is provided on page 69. 

64

Table of Contents 
 Report of Management 

Responsibility for the financial statements and other information presented throughout this Annual Report rests with the management of U.S. Bancorp. The Company believes the consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States and present the substance of transactions based on the circumstances and management s best estimates and judgment. 

 In meeting its responsibilities for the reliability of the financial statements, management is responsible for establishing and maintaining an adequate system of internal control over financial reporting as defined by Rules 13a-15(f)
 and 15d-15(f)
 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The Company s system of internal control is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of publicly filed financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. 
 To test compliance, the Company carries out an extensive audit program. This program includes a review for compliance with written policies and procedures and a comprehensive review of the adequacy and effectiveness of the system of internal control. Although control procedures are designed and tested, it must be recognized that there are limits inherent in all systems of internal control and, therefore, errors and irregularities may nevertheless occur. Also, estimates and judgments are required to assess and balance the relative cost and expected benefits of the controls. Projection of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

 The Board of Directors of the Company has an Audit Committee composed of directors who are independent of U.S. Bancorp. The Audit Committee meets periodically with management, the internal auditors and the independent accountants to consider audit results and to discuss internal accounting control, auditing and financial reporting matters. 

 Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s system of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in its Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013 framework). Based on its assessment and those criteria, which excluded the operations of MUB as noted below, management believes the Company designed and maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 

 In conducting the evaluation of the effectiveness of its system of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, the Company has excluded the operations of MUB as permitted by the guidance issued by the Office of the Chief Accountant of the Securities and Exchange Commission (not to extend more than one year beyond the date of the acquisition or for more than one annual reporting period). In conducting the evaluation of the effectiveness of its disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, the Company has excluded those disclosure controls and procedures of MUB that are subsumed by the system of internal control over financial reporting. The acquisition of MUB was completed on December 1, 2022. As of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, MUB s assets represented approximately 12 percent of the Company s consolidated assets and its revenues represented approximately 1 percent of the Company s consolidated revenues. Refer to Note 3 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion of the acquisition and its impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

 The Company s independent registered accountants, Ernst Young LLP, have been engaged to render an independent professional opinion on the financial statements and issue an audit report on the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Their opinion on the financial statements appearing on pages 66 to 68 and their audit report on internal control over financial reporting appearing on page 69 are based on procedures conducted in accordance with auditing standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). 

65

Table of Contents 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of U.S. Bancorp 

 Opinion on the Financial Statements 

 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of U.S. Bancorp (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, shareholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), and our report dated February 27, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 

 Basis for Opinion 

 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

 Critical Audit Matters 

 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Allowance for Credit Losses

Description of the

Matter

The Company s loan and lease portfolio and the associated allowance for credit losses (ACL), were 388.2 billion and 7.4 billion as of December 31, 2022, respectively. The provision for credit losses was 2.0 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022. As discussed in Notes 1 and 6 to the financial statements, the ACL is established for current expected credit losses on the Company s loan and lease portfolio, including unfunded credit commitments, by utilizing forward-looking expected loss models. When determining expected losses, the Company uses multiple probability weighted economic scenarios over a reasonable and supportable forecast period and then fully reverts to historical loss experience to estimate losses over the remaining asset lives. Model estimates are adjusted to consider any relevant changes in portfolio composition, lending policies, underwriting standards, risk management practices or economic conditions that would affect the accuracy of the model. Additionally, management may adjust ACL for other qualitative factors such as model imprecision, imprecision in economic scenario assumptions, and emerging risks related to either changes in the environment that are affecting specific portfolio segments, or changes in portfolio concentrations.

Auditing management s ACL estimate and related provision for credit losses was complex due to the highly judgmental nature of the probability weighted economic scenarios, expected loss models, as well as model and qualitative factor adjustments.

66

Table of Contents 

How We

Addressed the

Matter in Our

Audit

We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of the Company s process for establishing the ACL, including management s controls over: 1) selection and implementation of forward-looking economic scenarios and the probability weights assigned to them; 2) expected loss models, including model validation, implementation, monitoring, the completeness and accuracy of key inputs and assumptions used in the models, and management s output assessment and related adjustments; 3) adjustments to reflect management s consideration of qualitative factors; 4) the ACL methodology and governance process.

With the support of specialists, we assessed the economic scenarios and related probability weights by, among other procedures, evaluating management s methodology and agreeing a sample of key economic variables used to external sources. We also performed and considered the results of various sensitivity analyses and analytical procedures, including comparison of a sample of the key economic variables to alternative external sources, historical statistics and peer bank information.

With respect to expected loss models, with the support of specialists, we evaluated model calculation design and reperformed the calculation for a sample of models. We also tested the appropriateness of key inputs and assumptions used in these models by agreeing a sample of inputs to internal and external sources. As to model adjustments, with the support of specialists, we evaluated management s estimate methodology and assessment of factors that could potentially impact the accuracy of expected loss models. We also recalculated a sample of model adjustments and tested internal and external data used by agreeing a sample of inputs to internal and external sources.

Regarding the completeness of qualitative factors identified and incorporated into measuring the ACL, we evaluated the potential impact of imprecision in the expected loss models and economic scenario assumptions; emerging risks related to changes in the environment impacting specific portfolio segments and portfolio concentrations. We also evaluated and tested internal and external data used in the qualitative adjustments by agreeing significant inputs and underlying data to internal and external sources.

We evaluated the overall ACL amount, including model estimates and adjustments, qualitative factors adjustments, and whether the recorded ACL appropriately reflects expected credit losses on the loan and lease portfolio and unfunded credit commitments. We reviewed historical loss statistics, peer-bank information, subsequent events and transactions and considered whether they corroborate or contradict the Company s measurement of the ACL. We searched for and evaluated information that corroborates or contradicts management s forecasted assumptions and related probability weights as well as identification and measurement of adjustments to model estimates and qualitative factors.

Fair Value of Acquired Loans Recognized as Part of the Acquisition of MUFG Union Bank 

Description of the

Matter

As described in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company acquired MUFG Union Bank (MUB) on December 1, 2022. The transaction has been accounted for as a business combination and accordingly, the assets acquired and liabilities assumed from MUB were recorded at fair value as of the acquisition date.

The fair value of loans acquired from MUB was approximately 53.0 billion as of December 1, 2022. As disclosed by the Company, the fair value of acquired loans is based on a discounted cash flow methodology that considers credit loss and prepayment expectations, market interest rates and other market factors, such as liquidity.

Auditing the Company s estimate of the fair value of acquired loans was complex due to the significant judgment required by management in developing the credit loss and prepayment expectations, and market interest rates used in the discounted cash flow methodology. This required a high degree of auditor judgment and effort in performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence obtained related to the significant judgments made by management and required the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge.

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit

We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design, and tested the operating effectiveness of the Company s process for estimating the acquired loans fair value, including management s controls over: 1) developing credit loss and prepayment expectations and establishing market interest rates used in the discounted cash flow methodology, and 2) completeness and accuracy of key inputs and assumptions used in the discounted cash flow methodology, including loan data. 

67

Table of Contents 

To test the estimated fair value of acquired loans, our audit procedures included, among others, involving valuation specialists to assist us in testing management s methodology and significant assumptions used in measuring the fair value of the acquired loan portfolio. For example, we involved our specialists to develop, on a sample basis, independent expectations for credit losses, prepayments and market interest rates an
 d compared m
 anagement s assumptions to the independently developed ranges based on third party market data. Additionally, we tested, on a sample basis, completeness and accuracy of the underlying loan data provided by management that was used in the discounted cash flow model. Lastly, on a sample basis, we performed independent comparative calculations of the fair value adjustment to the acquired loans. We searched for and evaluated information that corroborates or contradicts management s selected assumptions, including current external economic information and historical Company-specific information.

Fair Value of Core Deposit Intangible Asset Recognized as Part of the MUB Acquisition 

Description of the

Matter

As described in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company acquired MUB on December 1, 2022. The transaction has been accounted for as a business combination and accordingly, the assets acquired and liabilities assumed from MUB were recorded at fair value as of the acquisition date.

The fair value of the core deposit intangible (CDI) recognized was approximately 2.7 billion. To estimate the fair value of the CDI, management used a discounted cash flow methodology that considers estimates of deposit costs including cost of funds, net maintenance costs or servicing costs, client retention rates and alternative funding source costs, and a market discount rate.

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit

Auditing the Company s estimate of the CDI fair value was complex due to the significant judgment required by management in developing the estimated net maintenance costs, client retention rates and alternative funding source costs used in the discounted cash flow model. This required a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence obtained related to the significant judgments made by management and required the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge.

We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design, and tested the operating effectiveness of the Company s process for estimating the CDI fair value, including management s controls over: 1) developing net maintenance costs, client retention rates and alternative funding source cost assumptions used in the discounted cash flow model, and 2) completeness and accuracy of key inputs and significant assumptions used in the discounted cash flow model, including deposit data.

To test the estimated fair value of the CDI, our audit procedures included, among others, involving valuation specialists to assist us in testing management s discounted cash flow methodology and significant assumptions used in measuring the fair value of the CDI. For example, we involved our specialists to develop independent expectations for net maintenance costs, client retention rates and alternative funding source costs, and compared management s assumptions to our independently developed ranges. Additionally, we tested the completeness and accuracy of the deposit data used in the discounted cash flow model. We searched for and evaluated information that corroborates or contradicts management s selected significant assumptions, including current external economic and historical Company-specific information.

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2003. 

 Minneapolis, Minnesota 

 February 27, 2023 

68

Table of Contents 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of U.S. Bancorp 

 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

 We have audited U.S. Bancorp s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, U.S. Bancorp (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 

 As indicated in the accompanying Report of Management, management s assessment of and conclusion on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting did not include the internal controls of MUFG Union Bank, which is included in the 2022 consolidated financial statements of the Company and constituted 12 of total assets and 1 of revenue, as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting of the Company also did not include an evaluation of the internal control over financial reporting of MUFG Union Bank. 

 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, shareholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and our report dated February 27, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 

 Basis for Opinion 

 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Report of Management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 

 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Minneapolis, Minnesota 

 February 27, 2023 

69

Table of Contents 
 Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes Table of Contents 

Consolidated Financial Statements

Consolidated Balance Sheet 

71 

Consolidated Statement of Income 

72 

Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 

73 

Consolidated Statement of Shareholders Equity 

74 

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 

75 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Note 1 Significant Accounting Policies 

76 

Note 2 Accounting Changes 

83 

Note 3 Business Combinations 

83 

Note 4 Restrictions on Cash and Due From Banks 

86 

Note 5 Investment Securities 

86 

Note 6 Loans and Allowance for Credit Losses 

89 

Note 7 Leases 

95 

Note 8 Accounting for Transfers and Servicing of Financial Assets and Variable Interest Entities 

97 

Note 9 Premises and Equipment 

98 

Note 10 Mortgage Servicing Rights 

99 

Note 11 Intangible Assets 

100 

Note 12 Deposits 

101 

Note 13 Short-Term Borrowings 

101 

Note 14 Long-Term Debt 

102 

Note 15 Shareholders Equity 

103 

Note 16 Earnings Per Share 

108 

Note 17 Employee Benefits 

108 

Note 18 Stock-Based Compensation 

113 

Note 19 Income Taxes 

115 

Note 20 Derivative Instruments 

117 

Note 21 Netting Arrangements for Certain Financial Instruments and Securities Financing Activities 

121 

Note 22 Fair Values of Assets and Liabilities 

124 

Note 23 Guarantees and Contingent Liabilities 

130 

Note 24 Business Segments 

133 

Note 25 U.S. Bancorp (Parent Company) 

136 

Note 26 Subsequent Events 

137 

70

Table of Contents 
 U.S. Bancorp 

 Consolidated Balance Sheet 

At December 31 (Dollars in Millions) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Assets

Cash and due from banks

Investment securities

Held-to-maturity

 (fair value and , respectively)

Available-for-sale

 and pledged as collateral, respectively) (a)

Loans held for sale (including and of mortgage loans carried at fair value, respectively)

Loans

Commercial

Commercial real estate

Residential mortgages

Credit card

Other retail

Total loans

Less allowance for loan losses

() 

() 

Net loans

Premises and equipment

Goodwill

Other intangible assets

Other assets (including and of trading securities at fair value pledged as collateral, respectively) (a)

Total assets

Liabilities and Shareholders Equity

Deposits

Noninterest-bearing

Interest-bearing

Total deposits

Short-term borrowings

Long-term debt

Other liabilities

Total liabilities

Shareholders equity

Preferred stock

Common stock, par value a share authorized: shares; issued: 2022 and 2021 shares

Capital surplus

Retained earnings

Less cost of common stock in treasury: 2022 shares; 2021 shares

() 

() 
 
 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)

() 

() 

Total U.S. Bancorp shareholders equity

Noncontrolling interests

Total equity

Total liabilities and equity

(a)

Includes only collateral pledged by the Company where counterparties have the right to sell or pledge the collateral. 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

71

Table of Contents 

U.S. Bancorp 

Consolidated Statement of Income 

Year Ended December 31 (Dollars and Shares in Millions, Except Per Share Data) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Interest Income

Loans

Loans held for sale

Investment securities

Other interest income

Total interest income

Interest Expense

Deposits

Short-term borrowings

Long-term debt

Total interest expense

Net interest income

Provision for credit losses

() 

Net interest income after provision for credit losses

Noninterest Income

Card revenue

Corporate payment products revenue

Merchant processing services

Trust and investment management fees

Service charges

Commercial products revenue

Mortgage banking revenue

Investment products fees

Securities gains (losses), net

Other

Total noninterest income

Noninterest Expense

Compensation and employee benefits

Net occupancy and equipment

Professional services

Marketing and business development

Technology and communications

Other intangibles

Merger and integration charges

Other

Total noninterest expense

Income before income taxes

Applicable income taxes

Net income

Net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests

() 

() 

() 

Net income attributable to U.S. Bancorp

Net income applicable to U.S. Bancorp common shareholders

Earnings per common share

Diluted earnings per common share

Average common shares outstanding

Average diluted common shares outstanding

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

72

Table of Contents 

U.S. Bancorp 

 Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 

Year Ended December 31 (Dollars in Millions) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Net income

Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)

Changes in unrealized gains (losses) on investment securities available-for-sale

() 

() 

Changes in unrealized gains (losses) on derivative hedges

() 

() 
 
 Foreign currency translation

() 

Changes in unrealized gains (losses) on retirement plans

() 
 
 Reclassification to earnings of realized (gains) losses

() 
 
 Income taxes related to other comprehensive income (loss)

() 

Total other comprehensive income (loss)

() 

() 

Comprehensive income (loss)

() 

Comprehensive (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests

() 

() 

() 

Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to U.S. Bancorp

() 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

73

Table of Contents 

U.S. Bancorp 

 Consolidated Statement of Shareholders Equity 

U.S. Bancorp Shareholders 

(Dollars and Shares in Millions, Except Per Share Data) 
 
 Common Shares Outstanding 

Preferred Stock 

Common Stock 

Capital Surplus 

Retained Earnings 

Treasury Stock 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

Total U.S. Bancorp Shareholders Equity 

Noncontrolling Interests 

Total Equity 

Balance December 31, 2019

() 

() 

Change in accounting principle (a)

() 

() 

() 
 
 Net income (loss)

Other comprehensive income (loss)

Preferred stock dividends (b)

() 

() 

() 
 
 Common stock dividends per share)

() 

() 

() 
 
 Issuance of preferred stock

Call of preferred stock

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Issuance of common and treasury stock

() 

Purchase of treasury stock

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Distributions to noncontrolling interests

() 

() 
 
 Net other changes in noncontrolling interests

() 

() 
 
 Stock option and restricted stock grants

Balance December 31, 2020

() 

Net income (loss)

Other comprehensive income (loss)

() 

() 

() 
 
 Preferred stock dividends (c)

() 

() 

() 
 
 Common stock dividends per share)

() 

() 

() 
 
 Issuance of preferred stock

Call and redemption of preferred stock

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Issuance of common and treasury stock

() 

Purchase of treasury stock

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Distributions to noncontrolling interests

() 

() 
 
 Purchase of noncontrolling interests

() 

() 
 
 Net other changes in noncontrolling interests

Stock option and restricted stock grants

Balance December 31, 2021

() 

() 

Net income (loss)

Other comprehensive income (loss)

() 

() 

() 
 
 Preferred stock dividends (d)

() 

() 

() 
 
 Common stock dividends per share)

() 

() 

() 
 
 Issuance of preferred stock

Issuance of common and treasury stock

() 

Purchase of treasury stock

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Distributions to noncontrolling interests

() 

() 
 
 Net other changes in noncontrolling interests

() 

() 
 
 Stock option and restricted stock grants

Balance December 31, 2022

() 

() 

(a)

Effective January 1, 2020, the Company adopted accounting guidance which changed impairment recognition of financial instruments to a model that is based on expected losses rather than incurred losses. Upon adoption, the Company increased its allowance for credit losses and reduced retained earnings net of deferred taxes through a cumulative-effect adjustment. 

(b)

Reflects dividends declared per share on the Company s Series A, Series B, Series F, Series H, Series I, Series J, Series K and Series L Non-Cumulative
 Perpetual Preferred Stock of , , , , , , and , respectively. 

(c)

Reflects dividends declared per share on the Company s Series A, Series B, Series F, Series I, Series J, Series K, Series L, Series M and Series N Non-Cumulative
 Perpetual Preferred Stock of , , , , , , , and , respectively. 

(d)

Reflects dividends declared per share on the Company s Series A, Series B, Series J, Series K, Series L, Series M, Series N and Series O Non-Cumulative
 Perpetual Preferred Stock of , , , , , , , and , respectively. 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

74

Table of Contents 

U.S. Bancorp 

 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 

Year Ended December 31 (Dollars in Millions) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Operating Activities

Net income attributable to U.S. Bancorp

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities

Provision for credit losses

() 

Depreciation and amortization of premises and equipment

Amortization of intangibles

(Gain) loss on sale of loans held for sale

() 

() 
 
 (Gain) loss on sale of securities and other assets

() 

() 

() 
 
 Loans originated for sale, net of repayments

() 

() 

() 
 
 Proceeds from sales of loans held for sale

Other, net

() 

Net cash provided by operating activities

Investing Activities

Proceeds from sales of available-for-sale

 investment securities

Proceeds from maturities of held-to-maturity

 investment securities

Proceeds from maturities of available-for-sale

 investment securities

Purchases of held-to-maturity

 investment securities

() 

() 

Purchases of available-for-sale

 investment securities

() 

() 

() 
 
 Net (increase) decrease in loans outstanding

() 

() 

Proceeds from sales of loans

Purchases of loans

() 

() 

() 
 
 Net decrease in securities purchased under agreements to resell

Net cash received from (paid for) acquisitions

() 

() 
 
 Other, net

() 

() 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities

() 

() 

Financing Activities

Net (decrease) increase in deposits

() 

Net increase (decrease) in short-term borrowings

() 
 
 Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt

Principal payments or redemption of long-term debt

() 

() 

() 
 
 Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock

Proceeds from issuance of common stock

Repurchase of preferred stock

() 

() 

Repurchase of common stock

() 

() 

() 
 
 Cash dividends paid on preferred stock

() 

() 

() 
 
 Cash dividends paid on common stock

() 

() 

() 
 
 Purchase of noncontrolling interests

() 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities

() 

Change in cash and due from banks

() 

Cash and due from banks at beginning of period

Cash and due from banks at end of period

Supplemental Cash Flow Disclosures

Cash paid for income taxes

Cash paid for interest

Noncash transfer of available-for-sale

 investment securities to held-to-maturity

Net noncash transfers to foreclosed property

Acquisitions

Assets (sold) acquired

Liabilities sold (assumed)

() 

() 

() 

Net

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

75

Table of Contents 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

76

Table of Contents 

77

Table of Contents 

78

Table of Contents 

79

Table of Contents 

80

Table of Contents 

Other Significant Policies 

81

Table of Contents 

82

Table of Contents 

billion in cash and approximately
 million shares of common stock of the Company. Under the terms of the Share Purchase Agreement, the purchase price was based on MUB having a tangible book value of billion at the closing of the acquisition. At the closing of the acquisition, MUB had
 billion in capital over the 
 billion tangible book value target. The additional capital received is held at the MUB subsidiary and is required to be repaid to Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group, Inc. on or prior to the fifth anniversary date of the completion of the purchase, in accordance with the terms of the Share Purchase Agreement. As such, it is recognized as debt at the parent company. The transaction excludes the purchase of substantially all of MUB s Global Corporate Investment Bank (other than certain deposits), certain middle and back office functions, and other assets. This transaction has been accounted for as a business combination. Accordingly, the assets acquired and liabilities assumed from MUB were recorded at fair value as of the acquisition date. The determination of fair value requires management to make estimates about discount rates, future expected cash flows, market conditions and other future events that are highly subjective in nature and subject to change. Fair value estimates related to the assets and liabilities from MUB are subject to adjustment for up to one year after the closing date of the acquisition as additional information becomes available. Valuations subject to adjustment include, but are not limited to, loans, certain deposits, certain other assets, customer relationships and the core deposit benefits intangible. 

In connection with the transaction, the Company incurred million of nonrecurring merger and integration charges during 2022 recorded within noninterest expense. These expenses are primarily comprised of personnel, legal, advisory and technology related costs. 

83

Table of Contents 

Market value of shares of common stock

Total consideration transferred at acquisition close date 

Discounted liability to Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group, Inc. (a)

Total

Fair Value of MUB assets and liabilities

Assets

Cash and due from banks

Investment securities

Loans held for sale

Loans

Less allowance for loan losses

() 

Net loans

Premises and equipment

Other intangible assets (excluding goodwill)

Other assets

Total assets

Liabilities

Deposits

Short-term borrowings

Long-term debt

Other liabilities

Total liabilities

Less: Net assets

Goodwill

(a)

Represents billion of noninterest-bearing additional capital held by MUB upon close of the acquisition to be delivered to Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group, Inc. on or prior to December 1, 2027, discounted at the Company s 5-year unsecured borrowing rate as of the acquisition date, per authoritative accounting guidance.

billion recorded in connection with the transaction resulted from the reputation, operating model and expertise of MUB. The amount of goodwill recorded reflects the increased market share and related synergies that are expected to result from the acquisition, and represents the excess purchase price over the estimated fair value of the net 

Commercial real estate

Residential mortgages

Credit card

Other retail

Total loans

Core deposit benefits

Other

Total other intangible assets (excluding goodwill)

(a)

Mortgage servicing rights are recorded at fair value and are not amortized. 

84

Table of Contents 

Noninterest income

() (a)

Net income loss 

() 

(a)

Includes realized losses on investment securities sold. 

The following table presents unaudited pro forma results as if the acquisition of MUB by the Company occurred on January 1, 2021 and includes the impact of amortizing and accreting certain estimated purchase accounting adjustments such as intangible assets as well as fair value adjustments to investment securities, loans, deposits and long-term debt. 

Noninterest income

Net income

million was established through an adjustment to the MU B
 loan balance reflected in the related purchase accounting mark. Non-PCD
 loans and PCD loans had a fair value of 
 billion and 

 billion, respectively, at the
 
 billion and billion, respectively. In accordance with authoritative accounting guidance, there was no carryover of the allowance for credit losses that had been previously recorded by MUB. Subsequent to acquisition, the Company recorded an allowance for credit losses primarily 
on non-PCD
 loans of million through an increase to the provision for credit losses. 

85

Table of Contents 

Allowance for credit losses at acquisition

() 
 
 Non-credit
 discount

() 
 
 Purchase price

million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company held balances at central 
 
 billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, to meet these requirements and for other purposes. These balances are included in cash and due from banks on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 

() 

Mortgage-backed securities

Residential agency

() 

() 

Commercial agency

() 

Total held-to-maturity

() 

() 

Available-for-sale

U.S. Treasury and agencies

() 

() 

Mortgage-backed securities

Residential agency

() 

() 

Commercial

Agency

() 

() 

Non-agency

Asset-backed securities

() 

Obligations of state and political subdivisions

() 

() 

Other

Total available-for-sale

() 

() 

billion amortized cost billion fair value) of available-for-sale

 investment securities to the held-to-maturity

 category to reflect its new intent for these securities. 
 Investment securities with a fair value of billion at December 31, 2022, and billion at December 31, 2021, were pledged to secure public, private and trust deposits, 
 
 million at December 31, 2022, and million at December 31, 2021. 

Non-taxable

Total interest income from investment securities

86

Table of Contents 

Realized losses

() 

() 

() 
 
 Net realized gains

Income tax on net realized gains

() 

() 

() 
 
 Mortgage-backed securities

Residential agency

() 

() 

() 
 
 Commercial

Agency

() 

() 

() 
 
 Non-agency

Asset-backed securities

() 

() 
 
 Obligations of state and political subdivisions

() 

() 

() 
 
 Other

Total investment securities

() 

() 

() 
 
 allowance for credit losses recorded for these securities. 

87

Table of Contents 

Maturing after one year through five years

Maturing after five years through ten years

Maturing after ten years

Total

Mortgage-Backed Securities (a)

Maturing in one year or less

Maturing after one year through five years

Maturing after five years through ten years

Maturing after ten years

Total

Total held-to-maturity

 (b)

Available-for-sale

U.S. Treasury and Agencies

Maturing in one year or less

Maturing after one year through five years

Maturing after five years through ten years

Maturing after ten years

Total

Mortgage-Backed Securities (a)

Maturing in one year or less

Maturing after one year through five years

Maturing after five years through ten years

Maturing after ten years

Total

Asset-Backed Securities

Maturing in one year or less

Maturing after one year through five years

Maturing after five years through ten years

Maturing after ten years

Total

Obligations of State and Political Subdivisions (c) (d)

Maturing in one year or less

Maturing after one year through five years

Maturing after five years through ten years

Maturing after ten years

Total

Other

Maturing in one year or less

Maturing after one year through five years

Maturing after five years through ten years

Maturing after ten years

Total

Total available-for-sale

 (b)

(a)

Information related to asset and mortgage-backed securities included above is presented based upon weighted-average maturities that take into account anticipated future prepayments. 

(b)

The weighted-average maturity of total held-to-maturity

 investment securities was years at December 31, 2021, with a corresponding weighted-average yield of percent. The weighted-average maturity of total available-for-sale

 investment securities was years at December 31, 2021, with a corresponding weighted-average yield of percent. 

(c)

Information related to obligations of state and political subdivisions is presented based upon yield to first optional call date if the security is purchased at a premium, and yield to maturity if the security is purchased at par or a discount. 

(d)

Maturity calculations for obligations of state and political subdivisions are based on the first optional call date for securities with a fair value above par and the contractual maturity date for securities with a fair value equal to or below par. 

(e)

Weighted-average yields for obligations of state and political subdivisions are presented on a fully-taxable equivalent basis based on a federal income tax rate of percent. Yields on investment securities are computed based on amortized cost balances, excluding any premiums or discounts recorded related to the transfer of investment securities at fair value from available-for-sale

 to held-to
 maturity. 

88

Table of Contents 

Lease financing

Total commercial

Commercial Real Estate

Commercial mortgages

Construction and development

Total commercial real estate

Residential Mortgages

Residential mortgages

Home equity loans, first liens

Total residential mortgages

Credit Card

Other Retail

Retail leasing

Home equity and second mortgages

Revolving credit

Installment

Automobile

Total other retail

Total loans

billion at December 31, 2022, and billion at December 31, 2021, pledged at the Federal Home Loan Bank, and loans of billion at December 31, 2022, and billion at December 31, 2021, pledged at the Federal Reserve Bank. 
 The Company offers a broad array of lending products to consumer and commercial customers, in various industries, across several geographical locations, predominately in the states in which it has Consumer and Business Banking offices. Collateral for commercial and commercial real estate loans may include marketable securities, accounts receivable, inventory, equipment, real estate, or the related property. 
 Originated loans are reported at the principal amount outstanding, net of unearned interest and deferred fees and costs, and any partial charge-offs recorded. Purchased loans are recorded at fair value at the date of purchase. Net unearned interest and deferred fees and costs on originated loans and 
 
 billion at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. The Company evaluates purchased loans for more-than-insignificant deterioration at the date of purchase in accordance with applicable authoritative accounting guidance. Purchased loans that have experienced more-than-insignificant deterioration from origination are considered purchased credit deteriorated loans. All other purchased loans are considered non-purchased
 credit deteriorated loans. 
 Allowance for Credit Losses

 The allowance for credit losses is established for current expected credit losses on the Company s loan and lease portfolio, including unfunded credit commitments. The allowance considers expected losses for the remaining lives of the applicable assets, inclusive of expected recoveries. The allowance for credit losses is increased through provisions charged to earnings and reduced by net charge-offs. 

89

Table of Contents 

Add

Allowance for acquired credit losses (a)

Provision for credit losses (b)

Deduct

Loans charged-off
 (c)

Less recoveries of loans charged-off

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Net loan charge-offs (recoveries)

() 

Other Changes

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022

Balance at December 31, 2020

Add

Provision for credit losses

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Deduct

Loans charged-off

Less recoveries of loans charged-off

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Net loan charge-offs (recoveries)

() 

Balance at December 31, 2021

Balance at December 31, 2019

Add

Change in accounting principle (d)

() 

() 

Provision for credit losses

Deduct

Loans charged-off

Less recoveries of loans charged-off

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Net loan charge-offs (recoveries)

() 

Balance at December 31, 2020

(a)

Represents allowance for purchased credit deteriorated and charged-off loans acquired from MUB. 

(b)

Includes million of provision for credit losses related to the acquisition of MUB. 

(c)

Includes million of total charge-offs primarily 
on loans previously charged-off
 by MUB, which were written up upon acquisition to unpaid principal balance as required by purchase accounting. 

(d)

Effective January 1, 2020, the Company adopted accounting guidance which changed impairment recognition of financial instruments to a model that is based on expected losses rather than incurred losses. 

million for purchased credit deteriorated and charged-off loans acquired from MUB and the impact of MUB s provision for credit losses of 
 million for loans acquired
, as well as the impact of loan growth and 
increased economic uncertainty. 

90

Table of Contents 

Commercial real estate

Residential mortgages (a)

Credit card

Other retail

Total loans

December 31, 2021

Commercial

Commercial real estate

Residential mortgages (a)

Credit card

Other retail

Total loans

(a)

At December 31, 2022, million of loans 30 89 days past due and billion of loans 90 days or more past due purchased and that could be purchased from Government National Mortgage Association GNMA mortgage pools under delinquent loan repurchase options whose repayments are insured by the Federal Housing Administration or guaranteed by the United States Department of Veterans Affairs, were classified as current, compared with million and billion at December 31, 2021, respectively. 

(b)

Substantially all nonperforming loans at December 31, 2022 and 2021, had an associated allowance for credit losses. The Company recognized interest income on nonperforming loans of million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, compared to what would have been recognized at the original contracual terms of the loans of million for both periods. 

billion, compared with million at December 31, 2021. Total nonperforming assets included million of nonperforming loans, million of OREO and million of other nonperforming assets owned by the Company at December 31, 2022, compared with million, million and million, respectively at December 31, 2021. 
 At December 31, 2022, the amount of foreclosed residential real estate held by the Company, and included in OREO, was million, compared with million at December 31, 2021. These amounts excluded million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, of foreclosed residential real estate related to mortgage loans whose 
 
 billion and million, respectively, of which million and million, respectively, related to loans purchased and that could be purchased from Government National Mortgage Association GNMA mortgage pools under delinquent loan repurchase options whose repayments are insured by the Federal Housing Administration or guaranteed by the United States Department of Veterans Affairs. 

91

Table of Contents 

Originated in 2021

Originated in 2020

Originated in 2019

Originated in 2018

Originated prior to 2018

Revolving (b)

Total commercial

Commercial real estate

Originated in 2022

Originated in 2021

Originated in 2020

Originated in 2019

Originated in 2018

Originated prior to 2018

Revolving

Total commercial real estate

Residential mortgages (c)

Originated in 2022

Originated in 2021

Originated in 2020

Originated in 2019

Originated in 2018

Originated prior to 2018

Revolving

Total residential mortgages

Credit card (d)

Other retail

Originated in 2022

Originated in 2021

Originated in 2020

Originated in 2019

Originated in 2018

Originated prior to 2018

Revolving

Revolving converted to term

Total other retail

Total loans

Total outstanding commitments

Note:

Year of origination is based on the origination date of a loan, or for existing loans the date when the maturity date, pricing or commitment amount is amended. 

(a)

Classified rating on consumer loans primarily based on delinquency status. 

(b)

Includes an immaterial amount of revolving converted to term loans. 

(c)

At December 31, 2022, billion of GNMA loans 90 days or more past due and billion of restructured GNMA loans whose repayments are insured by the Federal Housing Administration or guaranteed by the United States Department of Veterans Affairs were classified with a pass rating, compared with billion and billion at December 31, 2021, respectively. 

(d)

Predominately all credit card loans are considered revolving loans. Includes an immaterial amount of revolving converted to term loans. 

92

Table of Contents 

Commercial real estate

Residential mortgages

Credit card

Other retail

Total loans, excluding loans purchased from GNMA mortgage pools

Loans purchased from GNMA mortgage pools

Total loans

2021

Commercial

Commercial real estate

Residential mortgages

Credit card

Other retail

Total loans, excluding loans purchased from GNMA mortgage pools

Loans purchased from GNMA mortgage pools

Total loans

2020

Commercial

Commercial real estate

Residential mortgages

Credit card

Other retail

Total loans, excluding loans purchased from GNMA mortgage pools

Loans purchased from GNMA mortgage pools

Total loans

residential mortgages, home equity and second mortgage loans and loans purchased from GNMA mortgage pools with outstanding balances of less than million, less than million and million, respectively, were in a trial period and have estimated post-modification balances of less than million, less than million and million, respectively, assuming permanent modification occurs at the end of the trial period. 

93

Table of Contents 

Commercial real estate

Residential mortgages

Credit card

Other retail

Total loans, excluding loans purchased from GNMA mortgage pools

Loans purchased from GNMA mortgage pools

Total loans

2021

Commercial

Commercial real estate

Residential mortgages

Credit card

Other retail

Total loans, excluding loans purchased from GNMA mortgage pools

Loans purchased from GNMA mortgage pools

Total loans

2020

Commercial

Commercial real estate

Residential mortgages

Credit card

Other retail

Total loans, excluding loans purchased from GNMA mortgage pools

Loans purchased from GNMA mortgage pools

Total loans

residential mortgage loans, home equity and second mortgage loans and loans purchased from GNMA mortgage pools for the year ended December 31, 2022, where borrowers did not successfully complete the trial period arrangement and, therefore, are no longer eligible for a 

 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had million of commitments to lend additional funds to borrowers whose terms of their outstanding owed balances have been modified in TDRs. 

94

Table of Contents 

Unguaranteed residual values accruing to the lessor s benefit

Total net investment in sales-type and direct financing leases

million, million and million of revenue on its Consolidated Statement of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 

2024

2025

2026

2027

Thereafter

Total lease payments

Amounts representing interest

() 

Lease receivables

billion and billion, 

 billion of ROU assets and billion of lease liabilities at December 31, 2021, respectively .
 
 Total costs incurred by the Company, as a lessee, were million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and principally related to contractual lease payments on operating leases. The Company s leases do not impose significant covenants or other restrictions on the Company. 

Operating cash flows from finance leases

Financing cash flows from finance leases

Right of use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities

Right of use assets obtained in exchange for new finance lease liabilities

95

Table of Contents 

Weighted-average remaining lease term of finance leases (in years)

Weighted-average discount rate of operating leases

Weighted-average discount rate of finance leases

2024

2025

2026

2027

Thereafter

Total lease payments

Amounts representing interest

() 

() 
 
 Lease liabilities

96

Table of Contents 
 
 Guarantees provided to certain third parties in connection with the transfer of assets are further discussed in Note 23. 
 For further information on MSR s, refer to Note 10. On a limited basis, the Company may acquire and package high-grade corporate bonds for select corporate customers, in which the Company generally has no continuing involvement with these transactions. Additionally, the Company is an authorized GNMA issuer and issues GNMA securities on a regular basis. The Company has no other asset securitizations or similar asset-backed financing arrangements that are off-balance
 sheet. 
 The Company also provides financial support primarily through the use of waivers of trust and investment management fees associated with various unconsolidated registered money market funds it manages. The Company discontinued providing this support beginning in the third quarter of 2022 due to rising interest rates in the current year. The Company provided million, million and million of support to the funds during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

The Company is involved in various entities that are considered to be VIEs. The Company s investments in VIEs are primarily related to investments promoting affordable housing, community development and renewable energy sources. Some of these tax-advantaged
 investments support the Company s regulatory compliance with the Community Reinvestment Act. The Company s investments in these entities generate a return primarily through the realization of federal and state income tax credits, and other tax benefits, such as tax deductions from operating losses of the investments, over specified time periods. These tax credits are recognized as a reduction of tax expense or, for investments qualifying as investment tax credits, as a reduction to the related investment asset. The Company 

million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company also recognized million, million and million of investment tax credits for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company recognized million, million and million of expenses related to all of these investments for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, of which million, million and million, respectively, were included in tax expense and the remaining amounts were included in noninterest expense. 

Unfunded capital and other commitments

Maximum exposure to loss

The Company also has noncontrolling financial investments in private investment funds and partnerships considered to be VIEs, which are not consolidated. The Company s recorded investment in these entities, carried in other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheet, was approximately million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. The maximum exposure to loss related to these VIEs was million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021, representing the Company s investment balance and its unfunded commitments to invest additional amounts. 

97

Table of Contents 

billion of senior notes as available-for-sale investment securities. These senior notes were issued by third-party securitization vehicles that hold billion of indirect auto loans that collateralize the senior notes. These VIEs are not consolidated by the Company. 

The Company s individual net investments in unconsolidated VIEs, which exclude any unfunded capital commitments, ranged from less than million to million at December 31, 2022, compared with less than million to million at December 31, 2021. 

The Company

 is required to consolidate VIEs in which it has concluded it has a controlling financial interest. The Company sponsors entities to which it transfers its interests in tax-advantaged
 investments to third parties. At December 31, 2022, approximately billion of the Company s assets and billion of its liabilities included on the Consolidated Balance Sheet were related to community development and tax-advantaged
 investment VIEs which the Company has consolidated, primarily related to these transfers. These amounts compared to billion and billion, respectively, at 
 
 billion of available-for-sale

 investment securities and billion of short-term borrowings on the Consolidated Balance Sheet were related to the tender option bond program, compared with billion of available-for-sale

 investment securities and billion of short-term borrowings at December 31, 2021. 

Buildings and improvements

Furniture, fixtures and equipment

Right of use assets on operating leases

Right of use assets on finance leases

Construction in progress

Less accumulated depreciation and amortization

() 

() 

Total

9 8

Table of Contents 

billion of residential mortgage loans for others at December 31, 2022, and billion at December 31, 2021, including subserviced mortgages with no corresponding MSR asset. Included in mortgage banking revenue are the MSR fair value changes arising 
 
 million and million, and a net gain of million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Loan servicing and ancillary fees, not including valuation changes, included in mortgage banking revenue were million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Rights purchased

Rights capitalized

Rights sold (a)

() 

Changes in fair value of MSRs

Due to fluctuations in market interest rates (b)

() 
 
 Due to revised assumptions or models (c)

() 

() 

() 
 
 Other changes in fair value (d)

() 

() 

() 

Balance at end of period

(a)

MSRs sold include those having a negative fair value, resulting from the loans being severely delinquent. 

(b)

Includes changes in MSR value associated with changes in market interest rates, including estimated prepayment rates and anticipated earnings on escrow deposits. 

(c)

Includes changes in MSR value not caused by changes in market interest rates, such as changes in assumed cost to service, ancillary income and option adjusted spread, as well as the impact of any model changes. 

(d)

Primarily the change in MSR value from passage of time and cash flows realized (decay), but also includes the impact of changes to expected cash flows not associated with changes in market interest rates, such as the impact of delinquencies. 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Derivative instrument hedges

) 

) 

) 

) 

) 

) 

Net sensitivity

() 

() 

) 

() 

() 

) 

) 

99

Table of Contents 

Fair value

Value (bps) (b)

Weighted-average servicing fees (bps)

Multiple (value/servicing fees)

Weighted-average note rate

Weighted-average age (in years)

Weighted-average expected prepayment (constant prepayment rate)

Weighted-average expected life (in years)

Weighted-average option adjusted spread (c)

(a)

Represents principal balance of mortgages having corresponding MSR asset. 

(b)

Calculated as fair value divided by the servicing portfolio. 

(c)

Option adjusted spread is the incremental spread added to the risk-free rate to reflect optionality and other risk inherent in the MSRs. 

(d)

Represents loans sold primarily to GSEs. 

Merchant processing contracts

Core deposit benefits

Mortgage servicing rights

Trust relationships

Other identified intangibles

Total

Core deposit benefits

Trust relationships

Other identified intangibles

Total

2024

2025

2026

2027

100

Table of Contents 

Goodwill acquired

Foreign exchange translation and other

Balance at December 31, 2020

Goodwill acquired

Foreign exchange translation and other

() 

() 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2021

Goodwill acquired

Foreign exchange translation and other

() 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022

Interest-bearing deposits

Interest checking

Money market savings

Savings accounts

Time deposits

Total interest-bearing deposits

Total deposits

2024

2025

2026

2027

Thereafter

Total

Securities sold under agreements to repurchase

Commercial paper

Other short-term borrowings

(a)

Total

(a)

Balance primarily includes short-term FHLB advances. 

101

Table of Contents 

2022 

Fixed 

2024 

Fixed 

2026 

Fixed 

2026 

Fixed 

2029 

Fixed 

2033 

Fixed 

2036 

Medium-term notes

Fixed 

- 

2024 - 2033 

Other (b)

Subtotal

Subsidiaries

Federal Home Loan Bank advances

Fixed 

- 

2023 - 2026 

Floating 
 (d)

- 

2025 - 2026 

Bank notes

Fixed 

- 

2023 - 2025 

Floating 
 (d)

- 

2023 - 2062 

Other (c)

Subtotal

Total

(a)

Weighted-average interest rates of medium-term notes, Federal Home Loan Bank advances and bank notes were percent, percent and percent, respectively. 

(b)

Includes billion of discounted noninterest-bearing additio n
al
 capital received by the Company upon close of the MU B
 acquisition to be delivered to Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group, Inc. on or prior to December 1, 2027, discounted at the Company s 5-year
 unsecured borrowing rate as of the acquisition date, as well as debt issuance fees and unrealized gains and losses and deferred amounts relating to derivative instruments. 

(c)

Includes consolidated community development and tax-advantaged
 investment VIEs, finance lease obligations, debt issuance fees, and unrealized gains and losses and deferred amounts relating to derivative instruments. 

d)

Includes billion of Federal Home Loan Bank advances and billion of bank notes for which interest is calculated by reference to LIBOR. For any outstanding LIBOR-linked instrument that matures after June 30, 2023, the interest rate will transition from a LIBOR-based rate to an alternative reference rate. For outstanding debt subject to the Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act (the LIBOR Act that does not contain a fallback provision or does not contain a clearly defined or practicable fallback provision in the event that LIBOR is no longer published or quoted, the interest rate will transition pursuant to the LIBOR Act to a rate based on the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR after June 30, 2023. For outstanding debt that contains adequate fallback provisions in the event that LIBOR is no longer published or quoted, these fallback provisions will be utilized to determine the replacement rate applied after June 30, 2023. 

billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, based on collateral available. 

2024

2025

2026

2027

Thereafter

Total

102

Table of Contents 

billion shares of common stock and million shares of preferred stock. The Company had billion shares of common 
 
 million shares reserved for future issuances, primarily under its stock incentive plans at December 31, 2022. 

Series B

Series J

Series K

Series L

Series M

Series N

Series O

Total preferred stock (a)

(a)

The par value of all shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, was per share. 

shares of Series O Non-Cumulative
 Perpetual Preferred Stock with a liquidation preference of per share (the Series O Preferred Stock ). The Series O Preferred Stock has no stated maturity and will not be subject to any sinking fund or other obligation of the Company. Dividends, if declared, will accrue and be payable quarterly, in arrears, at a rate per annum equal to percent. The Series O Preferred Stock is redeemable at the Company s option, in whole or in part, on or after April 15, 2027. The Series O Preferred Stock is redeemable at the Company s option, in whole, but not in part, prior to within days following an official administrative or judicial decision, amendment to, or change in the laws or regulations that would not allow the Company to treat the full liquidation value of the Series O Preferred Stock as Tier 1 capital for purposes of the capital adequacy guidelines of the Federal Reserve Board. 
 During 2021, the Company issued depositary shares representing an ownership interest in shares of Series N Fixed Rate Reset 
 Non-Cumulative
 Perpetual Preferred Stock with a liquidation preference of per share (the Series N Preferred Stock ). The Series N Preferred Stock has no stated maturity and will not be subject to any sinking fund or other obligation of the Company. Dividends, if declared, will accrue and be payable quarterly, in arrears, at a rate per annum equal to percent from the date of issuance to, but excluding, January 15, 2027, and thereafter will accrue and be payable quarterly at a floating rate per annum equal to the five-year treasury rate plus percent. The Series N Preferred Stock is redeemable at the Company s option, in whole or in part, on or after January 15, 2027. The Series N Preferred Stock is redeemable at the Company s option, in whole, but not in part, prior to within days following an official administrative or judicial decision, amendment to, or change in the laws or regulations that 
 would not allow the Company to treat 

shares of Series M Non-Cumulative
 Perpetual Preferred Stock with a liquidation preference of per share (the Series M Preferred Stock ). The Series M Preferred Stock has no stated maturity and will not be subject to any sinking fund or other obligation of the Company. Dividends, if declared, will accrue and be payable quarterly, in arrears, at a rate per annum equal to percent. The Series M Preferred Stock is redeemable at the Company s option, in whole or in part, on or after April 15, 2026. The Series M Preferred Stock is redeemable at the Company s option, in whole, but not in part, prior to within days following an official administrative or judicial decision, amendment to, or change in the laws or regulations that would not allow the Company to treat the full liquidation value of the Series M Preferred Stock as Tier 1 capital for purposes of the capital adequacy guidelines of the Federal Reserve Board. 
 During 2020, the Company issued depositary shares representing an ownership interest in shares of Series L Non-Cumulative
 Perpetual Preferred Stock with a liquidation preference of per share (the Series L Preferred Stock ). The Series L Preferred Stock has no stated maturity and will not be subject to any sinking fund or other obligation of the Company. Dividends, if declared, will accrue and be payable quarterly, in arrears, at a rate per annum equal to percent. The Series L Preferred Stock is redeemable at the Company s option, in whole or in part, on or after January 15, 2026. The Series L Preferred Stock is redeemable at the Company s option, in whole, but not in part, prior to within days following an official administrative or judicial decision, amendment to, or change in the laws or regulations that would not allow the 
 Company to treat the full liquidation value of the Series L 

103

Table of Contents 

shares of Series K Non-Cumulative
 Perpetual Preferred Stock with a liquidation preference of per share (the Series K Preferred Stock ). The Series K Preferred Stock has no stated maturity and will not be subject to any sinking fund or other obligation of the Company. Dividends, if declared, will accrue and be payable quarterly, in arrears, at a rate per annum equal to percent. The Series K Preferred Stock is redeemable at the Company s option, in whole or in part, on or after October 15, 2023. The Series K Preferred Stock is redeemable at the Company s option, in whole, but not in part, prior to within days following an official administrative or judicial decision, amendment to, or change in the laws or regulations that would not allow the Company to treat the full liquidation value of the Series K Preferred Stock as Tier 1 capital for purposes of the capital adequacy guidelines of the Federal Reserve Board. 
 During 2017, the Company issued depositary shares representing an ownership interest in shares of Series J Non-Cumulative
 Perpetual Preferred Stock with a liquidation preference of per share (the Series J Preferred Stock ). The Series J Preferred Stock has no stated maturity and will not be subject to any sinking fund or other obligation of the Company. Dividends, if declared, will accrue and be payable semiannually, in arrears, at a rate per annum equal to 5.300 percent from the date of issuance to, but excluding, April 15, 2027, and thereafter will accrue and be payable quarterly at a floating rate per annum equal to the three-month London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR plus percent. The Series J Preferred Stock is redeemable at the Company s option, in whole or in part, on or after April 15, 2027. The Series J Preferred Stock is redeemable at the Company s option, in whole, but not in part, prior to within days following an official administrative or judicial decision, amendment to, or change in the laws or regulations that would not allow the Company to treat the full liquidation value of the Series J Preferred Stock as Tier 1 capital for purposes of the capital adequacy guidelines of the Federal Reserve Board. 
 During 2010, the Company issued depositary shares representing an ownership interest in shares of Series A Non-Cumulative
 Perpetual Preferred Stock (the Series A Preferred Stock to investors, in exchange for their portion of USB Capital IX Income Trust Securities. During 2011, the Company issued depositary shares representing an ownership interest in shares of Series A Preferred Stock to USB Capital IX, thereby settling the stock purchase contract 

per share, no stated maturity and will not be subject to any sinking fund or other obligation of the Company. Dividends, if declared, will accrue and be payable quarterly, in arrears, at a rate per annum equal to the greater of three-month LIBOR plus percent or percent. The Series A Preferred Stock is redeemable at the Company s option, subject to prior approval by the Federal Reserve Board. 
 During 2006, the Company issued depositary shares representing an ownership interest in shares of Series B Non-Cumulative
 Perpetual Preferred Stock with a liquidation preference of per share (the Series B Preferred Stock ). The Series B Preferred Stock has no stated maturity and will not be subject to any sinking fund or other obligation of the Company. Dividends, if declared, will accrue and be payable quarterly, in arrears, at a rate per annum equal to the greater of three-month LIBOR plus percent, or percent. The Series B Preferred Stock is redeemable at the Company s option, subject to the prior approval of the Federal Reserve Board. 
 Dividends for certain of the Company s outstanding series of preferred stock described above are, or will in the future be, calculated by reference to LIBOR. The interest rate on these series of preferred stock will transition pursuant to the LIBOR Act to a rate based on SOFR after June 30, 2023. 
 
 During 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company repurchased shares of its common stock under various authorizations approved by its Board of Directors. The Company suspended all common stock repurchases at the beginning of the third quarter of 2021 and continuing through the remainder of 2022, except for those done exclusively in connection with its stock-based compensation programs, due to its pending acquisition of MUB s 
core regional banking franchise. The Company does not expect to commence repurchasing its common stock again until its common equity tier 1 ratio approximates 9.0 percent , at which time the Company will assess its capital position relative to existing and proposed regulatory capital requirements. 

2021

2020

104

Table of Contents 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Changes in unrealized gains (losses)

() 

() 

() 
 
 Transfer of securities from available-for-sale

 to held-to-maturity

()

Foreign currency translation adjustment (a)

() 

() 
 
 Reclassification to earnings of realized (gains) losses

() 

Applicable income taxes

() 

Balance at end of period

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

2021

Balance at beginning of period

() 

() 

() 

Changes in unrealized gains and losses

() 

() 
 
 Transfer of securities from available-for-sale

 to held-to-maturity

() 

Foreign currency translation adjustment (a)

Reclassification to earnings of realized gains and losses

() 

Applicable income taxes

() 

() 

() 

Balance at end of period

() 

() 

() 

2020

Balance at beginning of period

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Changes in unrealized gains and losses

() 

() 

Foreign currency translation adjustment (a)

Reclassification to earnings of realized gains and losses

() 

() 
 
 Applicable income taxes

() 

() 

() 

Balance at end of period

() 

() 

() 

(a)

Represents the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates on the Company s investment in foreign operations and related hedges. 

105

Table of Contents 

Securities gains (losses), net 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Applicable income taxes 

Net-of-tax

Unrealized gains (losses) on investment securities transferred from available-for-sale

 to held-to-maturity

Amortization of unrealized gains (losses)

() 

() 

Interest income 

Applicable income taxes 

() 

() 

Net-of-tax

Unrealized gains (losses) on derivative hedges

Realized gains (losses) on derivative hedges

() 

() 

() 
 
 Interest expense 

Applicable income taxes 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Net-of-tax

Unrealized gains (losses) on retirement plans

Actuarial gains (losses) and prior service cost (credit) amortization

() 

() 

() 
 
 Other noninterest expense 

Applicable income taxes 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Net-of-tax

Total impact to net income

() 

() 

106

Table of Contents 

Tier 1 capital

Total risk-based capital

Risk-weighted assets

Common equity tier 1 capital as a percent of risk-weighted assets

Tier 1 capital as a percent of risk-weighted assets

Total risk-based capital as a percent of risk-weighted assets

Tier 1 capital as a percent of adjusted quarterly average assets (leverage ratio)

Tier 1 capital as a percent of total on-
 and off-balance
 sheet leverage exposure (total leverage exposure ratio) 

Minimum (a)

Well- Capitalized 

Bank Regulatory Capital Requirements

Common equity tier 1 capital as a percent of risk-weighted assets

Tier 1 capital as a percent of risk-weighted assets

Total risk-based capital as a percent of risk-weighted assets

Tier 1 capital as a percent of adjusted quarterly average assets (leverage ratio)

Tier 1 capital as a percent of total on-
 and off-balance
 sheet leverage exposure (total leverage exposure ratio)

(b)

(a)

The minimum common equity tier 1 capital, tier 1 capital and total risk-based capital ratio requirements reflect a stress capital buffer requirement of 2.5 percent. Banks and financial services holding companies must maintain minimum capital levels, including a stress capital buffer requirement, to avoid limitations on capital distributions and certain discretionary compensation payments. 

(b)

A minimum well-capitalized threshold does not apply to U.S. Bancorp for this ratio as it is not formally defined under applicable banking regulations for bank holding companies. 

shares of Fixed-to-Floating

 Rate Exchangeable Non-cumulative Perpetual Series A Preferred Stock with a liquidation preference of per share Series A Preferred Securities to third-party investors. Dividends on the Series A Preferred Securities, if declared, will accrue and be payable quarterly, in arrears, at a rate per annum equal to three-month LIBOR plus percent. If USB Realty Corp. has not declared a dividend on the Series A Preferred Securities before the dividend payment date for any 
 
 shares of the Series A Preferred Securities held by third-party investors. As of December 31, 2022, shares of the Series A Preferred Securities remain outstanding. 

107

Table of Contents 

Preferred dividends

() 

() 

() 
 
 Impact of preferred stock call and redemption

() (a)

() (b)

Earnings allocated to participating stock awards

() 

() 

() 

Net income applicable to U.S. Bancorp common shareholders

Average common shares outstanding

Net effect of the exercise and assumed purchase of stock awards

Average diluted common shares outstanding

Earnings per common share

Diluted earnings per common share

(a)

Represents stock issuance costs originally recorded in preferred stock upon the issuance of the Company s Series I and Series F Preferred Stock that were reclassified to retained earnings on the date the Company announced its intent to redeem the outstanding shares. 

(b)

Represents stock issuance costs originally recorded in preferred stock upon the issuance of the Company s Series H Preferred Stock that were reclassified to retained earnings on the date the Company announced its intent to redeem the outstanding shares. 

Options outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2020, to purchase million and million common shares, respectively, were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2020, because they were antidilutive. 

percent of their annual compensation, subject to Internal Revenue Service limits, through salary deductions under Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code. Employee contributions are invested at their direction among a variety of investment alternatives. Employee contributions are percent matched by the Company, up to four percent of each employee s eligible annual compensation. The Company s matching contribution vests immediately and is invested in the same manner as each employee s future contribution elections. Total expense for the Company s matching contributions was million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Pension and Postretirement Welfare Plans

The Company has tax qualified noncontributory defined benefit pension plans, nonqualified pension plans and postretirement welfare plans. As part of the transaction discussed in Note 3, the Company assumed the December 1, 2022 assets and obligations of four MUB retiree benefit plans based on the Company s share of the underlying participant obligations of the respective plans. 

 Pension Plans

 The funded tax qualified noncontributory defined benefit pension plans are the U.S. Bank Pension Plan, U.S. Bank Legacy Pension Plan and the U.S. Bank MUFG Pension Plan. The plans provide benefits to substantially all the Company s employees. Participants receive annual cash balance pay credits 

of vesting service. The U.S. Bank MUFG Pension Plan was closed to new participants effective December 1, 2022, and existing participants became vested effective January 1, 2023. The Company did not contribute to its qualified pension plans in 2022 and 2021 and does not expect to contribute to the plans in 2023. 
 The Company also maintains two non-qualified plans that are unfunded and provide benefits to certain employees. The assumptions used in computing the accumulated benefit obligation, the projected benefit obligation and net pension expense are substantially consistent with those assumptions used for the funded qualified plans. The U.S. Bank MUFG Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan was closed to new participants effective December 31, 2016. In 2023, the Company expects to contribute approximately million to its non-qualified pension plans, which equals the 2023 expected benefit payments. 
 Postretirement Welfare Plans

 In addition to providing pension benefits, the Company has funded and unfunded postretirement welfare plans available to certain eligible participants based on their hire or retirement date. The plans are closed to new participants. In 2023, the Company expects to contribute approximately 4 million to its postretirement welfare plans. 

108

Table of Contents 

Service cost

I n te re st c o s t

Participants contributions

Plan amendments

Actuarial (gain) loss

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Lump sum settlements

() 

() 

Benefit payments

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Acquisitions 
(divestitures)

Benefit obligation at end of measurement period (b)

Change In Fair Value Of Plan Assets

Fair value at beginning of measurement period

Actual return on plan assets

() 

() 

Employer contributions

Participants contributions

Lump sum settlements

() 

() 

Benefit payments

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Acquisitions 
(divestitures)

Fair value at end of measurement period

Funded (Unfunded) Status

() 

() 
 
 Components Of The Consolidated Balance Sheet

Noncurrent benefit asset

Current benefit liability

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Noncurrent benefit liability

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Recognized amount

() 

() 
 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Pretax

Net actuarial (loss) gain

() 

() 

Net prior service credit (cost)

Recognized amount

() 

() 

(a)

The decrease in the projected benefit obligation for 2022 was primarily due to a higher discount rate partially offset by the acquired MU B
 benefit obligations, and the increase for 2021 was primarily due to demographic experience partially offset by a higher discount rate. 

(b)

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the accumulated benefit obligation for all pension plans was billion and billion, respectively. 

Fair value of plan assets

Plans with Accumulated Benefit Obligations in Excess of Plan Assets

Accumulated benefit obligation

Fair value of plan assets

109

Table of Contents 

Interest cost

Expected return on plan assets

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Prior service cost (credit) amortization

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Actuarial loss (gain) amortization

() 

() 

() 
 
 Net periodic benefit cost

() 

() 

() 
 
 Other Changes In Plan Assets And Benefit Obligations

Recognized In Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)

Net actuarial gain (loss) arising during the year

() 

Net actuarial loss (gain) amortized during the year

() 

() 

() 
 
 Net prior service (cost) credit arising during the year

() 

Net prior service cost (credit) amortized during the year

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Total recognized in other comprehensive income (loss)

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Total recognized in net periodic benefit cost and other comprehensive income (loss)

() 

Cash balance interest crediting rate

Rate of compensation increase (a)

Health care cost trend rate (b)

Prior to age 65

After age 65

(a)

Determined on an active liability-weighted basis. 

(b)

The 2022 pre-65
 and post-65
 rates are both assumed to decrease gradually to percent by and remain at this level thereafter, and the 2021 pre-65
 and post-65
 rates were both assumed to decrease gradually to percent by and remain at this level thereafter. 

Not applicable 

Cash balance interest crediting rate

Expected return on plan assets (a)

Rate of compensation increase (b)

Health care cost trend rate (c)

Prior to age 65

After age 65

(a)

With the help of an independent pension consultant, the Company considers several sources when developing its expected long-term rates of return on plan assets assumptions, including, but not limited to, past returns and estimates of future returns given the plans asset allocation, economic conditions, and peer group LTROR information. The Company determines its expected long-term rates of return reflecting current economic conditions and plan assets. 

(b)

Determined on an active liability weighted basis. 

(c)

The 2022, 2021 and 2020 pre-65
 and post-65
 rates were both assumed to decrease gradually to percent by and remain at that level thereafter. 

Not applicable 

110

Table of Contents 

percent long duration bonds, percent global equities, percent real assets, percent private equity funds, percent domestic mid-small cap equities, percent emerging markets equities, and percent hedge funds is appropriate. 
 
 million and million, respectively. 
 In accordance with authoritative accounting guidance, the Company groups plan assets into a three-level hierarchy for valuation techniques used to measure their fair value based on whether the valuation inputs are observable or unobservable. Refer to Note 22 for further discussion on these levels. 
 The assets of the qualified pension plans include investments in equity and U.S. Treasury securities whose fair values are determined based on quoted prices in active markets and are classified within Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy. The qualified pension plans also invest in U.S. agency, corporate and municipal debt securities, which are all valued based on observable market prices or data by third party pricing services, and mutual funds which are valued based on quoted net asset values provided by the trustee of the fund; these assets are classified as Level 2. Additionally, the qualified pension plans invest in certain assets that are valued based on net asset values as a practical expedient, including investments in collective investment funds, hedge funds, and private equity funds; the net asset values are provided by the fund trustee or administrator and are not classified in the fair value hierarchy. 

Debt securities

Mutual funds

Debt securities

Emerging markets equity securities

Other

Plan investment assets not classified in fair value hierarchy (a)
:

Collective investment funds

Domestic equity securities

Mid-small
 cap equity securities (b)

International equity securities

Domestic real estate securities

Hedge funds (c)

Private equity funds (d)

Total plan investment assets at fair value

(a)

These investments are valued based on net asset value per share as a practical expedient; fair values are provided to reconcile to total investment assets of the plans at fair value. 

(b)

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, securities included million and million in domestic equities, respectively. 

(c)

This category consists of several investment strategies diversified across several hedge fund managers. 

(d)

This category consists of several investment strategies diversified across several private equity fund managers. 

111

Table of Contents 

Unrealized gains (losses) relating to assets still held at end of year

() 

Purchases, sales, and settlements, net

Balance at end of period

2024

2025

2026

2027

2028-2032

(a)

Net of expected retiree contributions. 

112

Table of Contents 
 
 from the date of grant. In addition, the plan provides for grants of shares of common stock or stock units that are subject to restriction on transfer prior to vesting. Most stock and unit awards vest over 
 
 and are subject to forfeiture if certain vesting requirements are not met. Stock incentive plans of acquired companies are generally terminated at the merger closing dates. Participants under such plans receive the Company s common stock, options to buy the Company s common stock, or long term cash incentives, based on the conversion terms of the various merger agreements. At December 31, 2022, there were million shares (subject to adjustment for forfeitures) available for grant under the Company s stock incentive plan. 

Exercised

() 

Cancelled (a)

() 

Number outstanding at end of period (b)

Exercisable at end of period

2021

Number outstanding at beginning of period

Exercised

() 

Cancelled (a)

() 

Number outstanding at end of period (b)

Exercisable at end of period

2020

Number outstanding at beginning of period

Exercised

() 

Cancelled (a)

() 

Number outstanding at end of period (b)

Exercisable at end of period

Note:

The Company did not grant any stock option awards during 2022, 2021, and 2020. 

(a)

Options cancelled include both non-vested
 (i.e., forfeitures) and vested options. 

(b)

Outstanding options include stock-based awards that may be forfeited in future periods. The impact of the estimated forfeitures is reflected in compensation expense. 

Intrinsic value of options exercised

Cash received from options exercised

Tax benefit realized from options exercised

113

Table of Contents 

Granted

Vested

() 

() 

() 

Cancelled

() 

() 

() 

Outstanding at end of period

million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Stock-based compensation expense was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. On an after-tax
 basis, stock-based compensation was million, million and million for the years ended 
 
 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested share-based arrangements granted under the plans. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years as compensation expense. 

114

Table of Contents 

Deferred

() 

() 

Federal income tax

State

Current

Deferred

() 

() 

State income tax

Total income tax provision

percent to the Company s applicable income tax expense follows: 

Year Ended December 31 (Dollars in Millions) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Tax at statutory rate

State income tax, at statutory rates, net of federal tax benefit

Tax effect of

Tax credits and benefits, net of related expenses

() 

() 

() 
 
 Tax-exempt
 income

() 

() 

() 
 
 Revaluation of tax related assets and liabilities (a)

() 

Nondeductible legal and regulatory expenses

Other items

Applicable income taxes

(a)

The 2022 acquisition of MU B
 resulted in an increase in the Company s state effective tax rate, requiring the Company to revalue its state deferred tax assets and liabilities. As a result of this revaluation, the Company recorded an estimated net tax benefit of million during 2022. 

Additions for tax positions taken in prior years

Additions for tax positions taken in the current year

Exam resolutions

() 

() 

() 
 
 Statute expirations

() 

() 

() 

Balance at end of period

million, million and million, respectively. The Company classifies interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions as a component of income tax expense. At December 31, 2022, the Company s 
 
 million of accrued interest and penalties. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 the Company recorded approximately million, million and million, respectively, in interest and penalties on uncertain tax positions. 

115

Table of Contents 

Federal, state and foreign net operating loss ,
 credit carryforwards 
 and other carryforwards

Allowance for credit losses

Loans

Accrued expenses

Obligation for operating leases

Partnerships and other investment assets

Stock compensation

Pension and postretirement benefits

Other deferred tax assets, net

Gross deferred tax assets

Deferred Tax Liabilities

Leasing activities

() 

() 
 
 Goodwill and other intangible assets

() 

() 
 
 Mortgage servicing rights

() 

() 
 
 Right of use operating leases

() 

() 
 
 Pension and postretirement benefits

() 

Fixed assets

() 

() 
 
 Loans

() 
 
 Partnerships and other investment assets

() 
 
 Other deferred tax liabilities, net

() 

() 

Gross deferred tax liabilities

() 

() 
 
 Valuation allowance

() 

() 

Net Deferred Tax Asset

billion of federal, state and foreign net operating loss carryforwards which expire at various times beginning in 2023 . A substantial portion of these carryforwards relate to state-only net operating losses, for which the related deferred tax asset is subject to a full valuation allowance as the carryforwards are not expected to be realized within the carryforward period. Management has determined it is more likely than not the other net deferred tax assets could be realized through carry back to taxable income in prior years, future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences and future taxable income. 
 In addition, the Company has billion of federal credit carryforwards which expire at various times through 2042 which 
 
 million of base year reserves of acquired thrift institutions, for which no deferred federal income tax liability has been recognized. These base year reserves would be recaptured if certain subsidiaries of the Company cease to qualify as a bank for federal income tax purposes. The base year reserves also remain subject to income tax penalty provisions that, in general, require recapture upon certain stock redemptions of, and excess 
 distributions to, stockholders. 

116

Table of Contents 

million (net-of-tax)

 of realized and unrealized losses on derivatives classified as cash flow hedges recorded in other comprehensive income (loss), compared with million (net-of-tax)

 of realized and unrealized losses at December 31, 2021. The estimated amount to be reclassified from other comprehensive income (loss) into earnings during the 
 
 million (net-of-tax).

 All cash flow hedges were highly effective for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. There were derivatives held as cash flow hedges at December 31, 2021. 
 Net Investment Hedges

 The Company uses forward commitments to sell specified amounts of certain foreign currencies, and non-derivative
 debt instruments, to hedge the volatility of its net investment in foreign operations driven by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. The carrying amount of non-derivative
 debt instruments designated as net investment hedges was billion at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 Other Derivative Positions

 The Company enters into free-standing derivatives to mitigate interest rate risk and for other risk management purposes. These derivatives include forward commitments to sell to-be-announced

 securities TBAs and other commitments to sell residential mortgage loans, which are used to economically hedge the interest rate risk related to mortgage loans held for sale MLHFS and unfunded mortgage loan commitments. The Company also enters into interest rate swaps, swaptions, forward commitments to buy TBAs, U.S. Treasury and Eurodollar futures and options on U.S. Treasury futures to economically hedge the change in the fair value of the Company s MSRs. The Company also enters into foreign currency forwards to economically hedge remeasurement gains and losses the Company recognizes on foreign currency denominated assets and liabilities. In addition, the Company acts as a seller and buyer of interest rate derivatives and foreign exchange contracts for its customers. The Company mitigates the market and liquidity risk associated with these customer derivatives by entering into similar offsetting positions with broker-dealers, or on a portfolio basis by entering into other derivative or non-derivative
 financial instruments that partially or fully offset the exposure to earnings from these customer-related positions. The Company s customer derivatives and related hedges are monitored and reviewed by the Company s Market Risk Committee, which establishes policies for market risk management, including exposure limits for each portfolio. The Company also has derivative contracts that are created through its operations, including certain unfunded mortgage loan commitments and swap agreements related to the sale of a portion of its Class B common and preferred shares of Visa Inc. Refer to Note 23 for further information on these swap agreements. The Company may use credit derivatives to economically hedge credit risk. 

117

Table of Contents 

Pay fixed/receive floating swaps

Cash flow hedges

Interest rate contracts

Receive fixed/pay floating swaps

Net investment hedges

Foreign exchange forward contracts

Other economic hedges

Interest rate contracts

Futures and forwards

Buy

Sell

Options

Purchased

Written

Receive fixed/pay floating swaps

Pay fixed/receive floating swaps

Foreign exchange forward contracts

Equity contracts

Credit contracts

Other (a)

Total

(a)

Includes derivative liability swap agreements related to the sale of a portion of the Company s Class B common and preferred shares of Visa Inc. The Visa swap agreements had a total notional value and fair value of 
billion and million at December 31, 2022, respectively, compared to 
billion and million at December 31, 2021, respectively. In addition, includes short-term underwriting purchase and sale commitments with total notional values of million at December 31, 2022, and million at December 31, 2021. 

Pay fixed/receive floating swaps

Other (a)

Options

Purchased

Written

Futures

Buy

Sell

Foreign exchange rate contracts

Forwards, spots and swaps

Options

Purchased

Written

Credit contracts

Total

(a) Primarily represents floating rate interest rate swaps that pay based on differentials between specified interest rate indexes.

118

Table of Contents 

() 

() 

() 

) 

Net investment hedges

Foreign exchange forward contracts

() 

Non-derivative
 debt instruments

() 

Note:

The Company does not exclude components from effectiveness testing for cash flow and net investment hedges. 

Asset and Liability Management Positions

Fair value hedges

Interest rate contract derivatives

) 

Hedged items

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Cash flow hedges

Interest rate contract derivatives

Note: The Company does not exclude components from effectiveness testing for fair value and c ash flo w hedges. The Company reclassified losses of million, million and million into earnings during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, as a result of realized cash flows on discontinued cash flow hedges. No amounts were reclassified into earnings on discontinued cash flow hedges because it is probable the original hedged forecasted cash flows will not occur. 

() 

) 

Long-term debt

() 

(a)

The cumulative hedging adjustment related to discontinued hedging relationships on available-for-sale

 investment securities and long-term debt was ) million and million, respectively, at December 31, 2022, compared with ) million and million at December 31, 2021, respectively. 

119

Table of Contents 

Purchased and written options

Mortgage banking revenue 

Swaps

Mortgage banking revenue/ Other noninterest income 

() 

() 

Foreign exchange forward contracts

Other noninterest income 

() 

Equity contracts

Compensation expense 

() 

Other

Other noninterest income 

() 

() 

Customer-Related Positions

Interest rate contracts

Swaps

Commercial products revenue 

Purchased and written options

Commercial products revenue 

() 

() 
 
 Futures

Commercial products revenue 

() 
 
 Foreign exchange rate contracts

Forwards, spots and swaps

Commercial products revenue 

Purchased and written options

Commercial products revenue 

Credit contracts

Commercial products revenue -

() 

() 
 
 billion. At December 31, 2022, the Company had billion of cash posted as collateral against this net liability position. 

120

Table of Contents 

Of the Company s trillion total notional amount of derivative positions at December 31, 2022, billion related to bilateral over-the-counter

 trades, billion related to those centrally cleared through clearinghouses and billion related to those that were exchange-traded. 

121

Table of Contents 

Residential agency mortgage-backed securities

Corporate debt securities

Total repurchase agreements

Securities loaned

Corporate debt securities

Total securities loaned

Gross amount of recognized liabilities

December 31, 2021

Repurchase agreements

U.S. Treasury and agencies

Residential agency mortgage-backed securities

Corporate debt securities

Total repurchase agreements

Securities loaned

Corporate debt securities

Total securities loaned

Gross amount of recognized liabilities

122

Table of Contents 

() 

() 

() 

Reverse repurchase agreements

() 

() 

Securities borrowed

() 

Total

() 

() 

() 

December 31, 2021

Derivative assets (d)

() 

() 

() 

Reverse repurchase agreements

() 

() 

Securities borrowed

() 

Total

() 

() 

() 

(a)

Includes billion and million of cash collateral related payables that were netted against derivative assets at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

(b)

For derivative assets this includes any derivative liability fair values that could be offset in the event of counterparty default; for reverse repurchase agreements this includes any repurchase agreement payables that could be offset in the event of counterparty default; for securities borrowed this includes any securities loaned payables that could be offset in the event of counterparty default. 

(c)

Includes the fair value of securities received by the Company from the counterparty. These securities are not included on the Consolidated Balance Sheet unless the counterparty defaults. 

(d)

Excludes million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, of derivative assets not subject to netting arrangements. 

() 

() 

Repurchase agreements

() 

() 

Securities loaned

() 

Total

() 

() 

() 

December 31, 2021

Derivative liabilities (d)

() 

() 

Repurchase agreements

() 

() 

Securities loaned

() 

Total

() 

() 

() 

(a)

Includes billion and million of cash collateral related receivables that were netted against derivative liabilities at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

(b)

For derivative liabilities this includes any derivative asset fair values that could be offset in the event of counterparty default; for repurchase agreements this includes any reverse repurchase agreement receivables that could be offset in the event of counterparty default; for securities loaned this includes any securities borrowed receivables that could be offset in the event of counterparty default. 

(c)

Includes the fair value of securities pledged by the Company to the counterparty. These securities are included on the Consolidated Balance Sheet unless the Company defaults. 

(d)

Excludes million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, of derivative liabilities not subject to netting arrangements. 

123

Table of Contents 

million, a net loss of million and a net gain of million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, from the changes to fair value of these MLHFS under fair value option accounting guidance. Changes in fair value due to instrument specific credit risk were immaterial. Interest income for MLHFS is measured based on contractual interest rates and reported as interest income on the Consolidated Statement of Income. Electing to measure MLHFS at fair value reduces certain timing differences and better matches changes in fair value of these assets with changes in the value of the derivative instruments used to economically hedge them without the burden of complying with the requirements for hedge accounting. 
 Mortgage Servicing Rights

 MSRs are valued using a discounted cash flow methodology, and are classified within Level 3. The Company determines fair value of the MSRs by projecting future cash flows for different interest rate scenarios using prepayment rates and other assumptions, and discounts these cash flows using a risk adjusted rate based on option 

124

Table of Contents 

Option adjusted spread

(a)

Determined based on the relative fair value of the related mortgage loans serviced. 

125

Table of Contents 

Inherent MSR value (basis points per loan)

(a)

Determined based on the relative fair value of the related mortgage loans. 

percent, percent and percent, respectively. 
 The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of the Visa swaps are management s estimate of the probability of certain litigation scenarios occurring, and the timing of the resolution of the related litigation loss estimates in excess, or shortfall, of the Company s proportional share of escrow funds. An increase in the loss estimate or a delay in the resolution of the related litigation would have resulted in an increase in the derivative liability. A decrease in the loss estimate or an acceleration of the resolution of the related litigation would have resulted in a decrease in the derivative liability. 

126

Table of Contents 

Mortgage-backed securities

Residential agency

Commercial

Agency

Non-agency

Asset-backed securities

Obligations of state and political subdivisions

Other

Total available-for-sale

Mortgage loans held for sale

Mortgage servicing rights

Derivative assets

() 

Other assets

Total

() 

Derivative liabilities

() 

Short-term borrowings and other liabilities (a)

Total

() 

December 31, 2021

Available-for-sale

 securities

U.S. Treasury and agencies

Mortgage-backed securities

Residential agency

Commercial agency

Asset-backed securities

Obligations of state and political subdivisions

Other

Total available-for-sale

Mortgage loans held for sale

Mortgage servicing rights

Derivative assets

() 

Other assets

Total

()

Derivative liabilities

()

Short-term borrowings and other liabilities (a)

Total

()

Note: Excluded from the table above are equity investments without readily determinable fair values. The Company has elected to carry these investments at historical cost, adjusted for impairment and any changes resulting from observable price changes for identical or similar investments of the issuer. The aggregate carrying amount of these equity investments was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company has not recorded impairments or adjustments for observable price changes on these equity investments during 2022 and 2021, or on a cumulative basis. 

(a)

Primarily represents the Company s obligation on securities sold short required to be accounted for at fair value per applicable accounting guidance. 

127

Table of Contents 

() 

() 

Obligations of state and political subdivisions

Total available -for-sale

() 

() 

Mortgage servicing rights

(a)

() 

(c)

(a)

Net derivative assets and liabilities

() (b)

() 

11 

() 

() (d)

2021

Available-for-sale

 securities

Asset- backed securities

() 

Obligations of state and political subdivisions

Total available -for-sale

() 

Mortgage servicing rights

() (a)

(c)

() (a)

Net derivative assets and liabilities

() (e)

() 

() 

() (f)

2020

Available-for-sale

 securities

Asset- backed securities

() 

Obligations of state and political subdivisions

Total available -for-sale

() 

Mortgage servicing rights

() (a)

(c)

() (a)

Net derivative assets and liabilities

(g)

() 

() 

(h)

(a)

Included in mortgage banking revenue. 

(b)

Approximately ) million, ) billion and ) million included in mortgage banking revenue , commercial products revenue and other noninterest income , respectively. 

(c)

Represents MSRs capitalized during the period. 

(d)

Approximately million, ) billion and ) million included in mortgage banking revenue , commercial products revenue and other noninterest income , respectively. 

(e)

Approximately 
million, ) billion and million included in mortgage banking revenue , commercial products revenue and other noninterest income , respectively. 

(f)

Approximately million, ) billion and million included in mortgage banking revenue , commercial products revenue and other noninterest income , respectively. 

(g)

Approximately billion, billion and ) million included in mortgage banking revenue , commercial products revenue and other noninterest income , respectively. 

(h)

Approximately million, billion and ) million included in mortgage banking revenue , commercial products revenue and other noninterest income , respectively. 

The Company is also required periodically to measure certain other financial assets at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. These measurements of fair value usually result from the application of lower-of-cost-or-fair

value accounting or write-downs of individual assets. 

Other assets (b)

(a)

Represents the carrying value of loans for which adjustments were based on the fair value of the collateral, excluding loans fully charged-off.

(b)

Primarily represents the fair value of foreclosed properties that were measured at fair value based on an appraisal or broker price opinion of the collateral subsequent to their initial acquisition. 

128

Table of Contents 

Other assets (b)

(a)

Represents write-downs of loans which were based on the fair value of the collateral, excluding loans fully charged-off.

(b)

Primarily represents related losses of foreclosed properties that were measured at fair value subsequent to their initial acquisition. 

Fair Value Option 

Nonaccrual loans

Loans 90 days or more past due

Federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements

Investment securities held-to-maturity

Loans held for sale (a)

Loans

Other (b)

Financial Liabilities

Time deposits

Short-term borrowings (c)

Long-term debt

Other (d)

(a)

Excludes mortgages held for sale for which the fair value option under applicable accounting guidance was elected. 

(b)

Includes investments in Federal Reserve Bank and Federal Home Loan Bank stock and tax-advantaged
 investments. 

(c)

Excludes the Company s obligation on securities sold short required to be accounted for at fair value per applicable accounting guidance. 

(d)

Includes operating lease liabilities and liabilities related to tax-advantaged
 investments. 

129

Table of Contents 

million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The carrying value of other guarantees was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Corporate and purchasing card loans (a)

Residential mortgages

Retail credit card loans (a)

Other retail loans

Other

(a)

Primarily cancelable at the Company s discretion. 

Other Guarantees and Contingent Liabilities 

Third party borrowing arrangements

Securities lending indemnifications

Asset sales

Merchant processing

Tender option bond program guarantee

Other

130

Table of Contents 

billion with a weighted-average term of approximately . The estimated fair value of standby letters of credit was approximately million at December 31, 2022. 

Commercial

Guarantees

Guarantees are contingent commitments issued by the Company to customers or other third parties. The Company s guarantees primarily include parent guarantees related to subsidiaries third party borrowing arrangements; third party performance guarantees inherent in the Company s business operations, such as indemnified securities lending programs and merchant charge-back guarantees; and indemnification or buy-back
 provisions related to certain asset sales. For certain guarantees, the Company has recorded a liability related to the potential obligation, or has access to collateral to support the guarantee or through the exercise of other recourse provisions can offset some or all of the maximum potential future payments made under these guarantees. 
 Third Party Borrowing Arrangements

The Company provides guarantees to third parties as a part of certain subsidiaries borrowing arrangements. The maximum potential future payments guaranteed by the Company under these arrangements were approximately million at December 31, 2022. 
 Commitments from Securities Lending

The Company participates in securities lending activities by acting as the customer s agent involving the loan of securities. The Company indemnifies customers for the difference between the fair value of the securities lent and the fair value of the collateral received. 
 
 billion at December 31, 2022, and represent the fair value of the securities lent to third parties. At December 31, 2022, the Company held billion of cash as collateral for these arrangements. 
 Asset Sales

The Company has provided guarantees to certain third parties in connection with the sale or syndication of certain assets, primarily loan portfolios and tax-advantaged
 investments. These guarantees are generally in the form of asset buy-back
 or make-whole provisions that are triggered upon a credit event or a change in the tax-qualifying
 status of the related projects, as applicable, and remain in effect until the loans are collected or final tax credits are realized, respectively. The maximum potential future payments guaranteed by the Company under these arrangements were approximately billion at December 31, 2022, and represented the proceeds received from the buyer or the guaranteed portion in these transactions where the buy-back
 or make-whole provisions have not yet expired. At December 31, 2022, the Company had reserved million for potential losses related to the sale or syndication of tax-advantaged
 investments. 
 The maximum potential future payments do not include loan sales where the Company provides standard representation and warranties to the buyer against losses related to loan underwriting documentation defects that may have existed at the time of sale that generally are identified after the occurrence of a triggering event such as delinquency. For these types of loan sales, the maximum potential future payments is generally the unpaid principal balance of loans sold measured at the end of the current reporting period. Actual losses will be significantly less than the maximum exposure, as only a fraction of loans sold will have a representation and warranty breach, and any losses on repurchase would generally be mitigated by any collateral held against the loans. 
 The Company regularly sells loans to GSEs as part of its mortgage banking activities. The Company provides customary representations and warranties to GSEs in conjunction with these sales. These representations and warranties generally require the Company to repurchase assets if it is subsequently determined that a loan did not meet specified criteria, such as a documentation deficiency or rescission of mortgage insurance. If the Company is unable to cure or refute a repurchase request, the Company is generally obligated to repurchase the loan or otherwise reimburse the GSE for losses. At December 31, 2022, the Company had reserved million for potential losses from representation and warranty obligations, compared with million at December 31, 2021. The Company s reserve reflects management s best estimate of losses for representation and warranty obligations. The Company s repurchase reserve is modeled at the loan level, taking into consideration the individual credit quality and borrower activity that has transpired since origination. The model applies credit quality and economic risk factors to derive a probability of default and potential repurchase that are based on the Company s historical loss experience, and 

131

Table of Contents 
 
 million and million, respectively, of unresolved representation and warranty claims from GSEs. The Company does not have a significant amount of unresolved claims from investors other than GSEs. 
 Merchant Processing

The Company, through its subsidiaries, provides merchant processing services. Under the rules of credit card associations, a merchant processor retains a contingent liability for credit card transactions processed. This contingent liability arises in the event of a billing dispute between the merchant and a cardholder that is ultimately resolved in the cardholder s favor. In this situation, the transaction is charged-back to the merchant and the disputed amount is credited or otherwise refunded to the cardholder. If the Company is unable to collect this amount from the merchant, it bears the loss for the amount of the refund paid to the cardholder. 
 A cardholder, through its issuing bank, generally has until the later of up to four months after the date the transaction is processed or the receipt of the product or service to present a charge-back to the Company as the merchant processor. The absolute maximum potential liability is estimated to be the total volume of credit card transactions that meet the associations requirements to be valid charge-back transactions at any given time. Management estimates that the maximum potential exposure for charge-backs would approximate the total amount of merchant transactions processed through the credit card associations for the last four months. For the last four months of 2022 this amount totaled approximately billion. In most cases, this contingent liability is unlikely to arise, as most products and services are delivered when purchased and amounts are refunded when items are returned to merchants. However, where the product or service has been purchased but is not provided until a future date future delivery ), the potential for this contingent liability increases. To mitigate this risk, the Company may require the merchant to make an escrow deposit, place maximum volume limitations on future delivery transactions processed by the merchant at any point in time, or require various credit enhancements (including letters of credit and bank guarantees). Also, merchant processing contracts may include event triggers to provide the Company more financial and operational control in the event of financial deterioration of the merchant. 
 The Company currently processes card transactions in the United States, Canada and Europe through wholly-owned subsidiaries. In the event a merchant was unable to fulfill product or services subject to future delivery, such as airline tickets, the Company could become financially liable for refunding the purchase price of such products or services purchased through the credit card associations under the charge-back provisions. Charge-back risk related to these merchants is evaluated in a manner similar to credit risk assessments and, as such, merchant 
 
 billion. The Company held collateral of million in escrow deposits, letters of credit and indemnities from financial institutions, and liens on various assets. In addition to specific collateral or other credit enhancements, the Company maintains a liability for its implied guarantees associated with future delivery. At December 31, 2022, the liability was million primarily related to these airline processing arrangements. 
 In the normal course of business, the Company has unresolved charge-backs. The Company assesses the likelihood of its potential liability based on the extent and nature of unresolved charge-backs and its historical loss experience. At December 31, 2022, the Company held million of merchant escrow deposits as collateral and had a recorded liability for potential losses of million. 
 Tender Option Bond Program Guarantee

As discussed in Note 8, the Company sponsors a municipal bond securities tender option bond program and consolidates the program s entities on its Consolidated Balance Sheet. The Company provides financial performance guarantees related to the program s entities. At December 31, 2022, the Company guaranteed billion of borrowings of the program s entities, included on the Consolidated Balance Sheet in short-term borrowings. The Company also included on its Consolidated Balance Sheet the related billion of available-for-sale

 investment securities serving as collateral for this arrangement. 
 Other Guarantees and Commitments

As of December 31, 2022, the Company sponsored, and owned percent of the common equity of, USB Capital IX, a wholly-owned unconsolidated trust, formed for the purpose of issuing redeemable Income Trust Securities ITS to third-party investors, originally investing the proceeds in junior subordinated debt securities Debentures issued by the Company and entering into stock purchase contracts to purchase the Company s preferred stock in the future. As of December 31, 2022, all of the Debentures issued by the Company have either matured or been retired. Total assets of USB Capital IX were million at December 31, 2022, consisting primarily of the Company s Series A Preferred Stock. The Company s obligations under the transaction documents, taken together, have the effect of providing a full and unconditional guarantee by the Company, on a junior subordinated basis, of the payment obligations of the trust to third-party investors totaling million at December 31, 2022. 
 The Company has also made other financial performance guarantees and commitments primarily related to the operations of its subsidiaries. At December 31, 2022, the maximum potential future payments guaranteed or committed by the Company under these arrangements were approximately billion. 

132

Table of Contents 

133

Table of Contents 

134

Table of Contents 

Noninterest income

Total net revenue

Nointerest expense

Income (loss) before provision and income taxes

Provision for credit losses

() 

Income (loss) before income taxes

Income taxes and taxable-equivalent adjustment

Net income (loss)

Net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests

Net income (loss) attributable to U.S. Bancorp

Average Balance Sheet

Loans

Other earning assets

Goodwill

Other intangible assets

Assets

Noninterest-bearing deposits

Interest-bearing deposits

Total deposits

Total U.S. Bancorp shareholders equity

Payment Services 

Treasury and Corporate Support 

Consolidated
 Company

(Dollars in Millions) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2022 

2021 

2022 

2021 

Condensed Income Statement

Net interest income (taxable-equivalent basis)

Noninterest income

(a)

(a)

(b)

(b)

Total net revenue

Noninterest expense

Income (loss) before provision and income taxes

() 

Provision for credit losses

() 

() 

Income (loss) before income taxes

() 

Income taxes and taxable-equivalent adjustment

() 

Net income (loss)

() 

Net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests

() 

() 

() 

() 

Net income (loss) attributable to U.S. Bancorp

() 

Average Balance Sheet

Loans

Other earning assets

Goodwill

Other intangible assets

Assets

Noninterest-bearing deposits

Interest-bearing deposits

Total deposits

Total U.S. Bancorp shareholders equity

(a)

Presented net of related rewards and rebate costs and certain partner payments of billion and billion for 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

(b)

Includes revenue generated from certain contracts with customers of billion and 
 billion for 2022 and 2021, respectively.

135

Table of Contents 

Available-for-sale

 investment securities

Investments in bank subsidiaries

Investments in nonbank subsidiaries

Advances to bank subsidiaries

Advances to nonbank subsidiaries

Other assets

Total assets

Liabilities and Shareholders Equity

Long-term debt

Other liabilities

Shareholders equity

Total liabilities and shareholders equity

Dividends from nonbank subsidiaries

Interest from subsidiaries

Other income

Total income

Expense

Interest expense

Other expense

Total expense

Income before income taxes and equity in undistributed income of subsidiaries

Applicable income taxes

() 

() 

() 

Income of parent company

Equity in undistributed income of subsidiaries

Net income attributable to U.S. Bancorp

136

Table of Contents 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities

Equity in undistributed income of subsidiaries

() 

() 

() 
 
 Other, net

() 

() 

Net cash provided by operating activities

Investing Activities

Proceeds from sales and maturities of investment securities

Investments in subsidiaries

() 

Net decrease in short-term advances to subsidiaries

Long-term advances to subsidiaries

() 

() 

Principal collected on long-term advances to subsidiaries

Cash paid for acquisition

() 

Other, net

() 

() 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities

() 

() 

Financing Activities

Net decrease in short-term borrowings

() 
 
 Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt

Principal payments or redemption of long-term debt

() 

() 

() 
 
 Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock

Proceeds from issuance of common stock

Repurchase of preferred stock

() 

() 

Repurchase of common stock

() 

() 

() 
 
 Cash dividends paid on preferred stock

() 

() 

() 
 
 Cash dividends paid on common stock

() 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities

() 

() 

Change in cash and due from banks

() 

() 

Cash and due from banks at beginning of year

Cash and due from banks at end of year

percent of each bank s unimpaired capital and surplus. In the aggregate, loans to the Company and all affiliates cannot exceed percent of each bank s unimpaired capital and surplus. 

137

Table of Contents 

U.S. Bancorp Consolidated Daily Average Balance Sheet and Related Yields and Rates (a) (Unaudited) 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Year Ended December 31 (Dollars in Millions) 
 
 Average Balances 

Interest 

Yields and Rates 

Average Balances 

Interest 

Yields and Rates 

Average Balances 

Interest 

Yields and Rates 

Assets 

Investment securities 

169,442 

3,457 

2.04 

154,702 

2,434 

1.57 

125,954 

2,488 

1.98 

Loans held for sale 

3,829 

201 

5.26 

8,024 

232 

2.89 

6,985 

216 

3.10 

Loans (b) 

Commercial 

123,797 

4,340 

3.51 

102,855 

2,684 

2.61 

113,967 

3,192 

2.80 

Commercial real estate 

41,098 

1,655 

4.03 

38,781 

1,219 

3.14 

40,548 

1,457 

3.59 

Residential mortgages 

84,749 

2,775 

3.27 

74,629 

2,477 

3.32 

73,667 

2,666 

3.62 

Credit card 

23,478 

2,583 

11.00 

21,645 

2,278 

10.52 

22,332 

2,392 

10.71 

Other retail 

60,451 

2,292 

3.79 

59,055 

2,126 

3.60 

56,755 

2,352 

4.14 

Total loans 

333,573 

13,645 

4.09 

296,965 

10,784 

3.63 

307,269 

12,059 

3.92 

Interest-bearing deposits with banks 

31,425 

559 

1.78 

39,914 

42 

.10 

34,497 

59 

.17 

Other earning assets 

7,074 

204 

2.89 

6,536 

101 

1.55 

6,697 

119 

1.78 

Total earning assets 

545,343 

18,066 

3.31 

506,141 

13,593 

2.69 

481,402 

14,941 

3.10 

Allowance for loan losses 

(5,880) 

(6,326) 

(6,858) 

Unrealized gain (loss) on investment securities 

(6,914) 

1,174 

2,901 

Other assets 

59,600 

55,543 

53,762 

Total assets 

592,149 

556,532 

531,207 

Liabilities and Shareholders Equity 

Noninterest-bearing deposits 

120,394 

127,204 

98,539 

Interest-bearing deposits 

Interest checking 

117,471 

277 

.24 

103,198 

24 

.02 

84,276 

65 

.08 

Money market savings 

126,221 

1,220 

.97 

117,093 

199 

.17 

125,786 

528 

.42 

Savings accounts 

67,722 

10 

.02 

62,294 

7 

.01 

52,142 

46 

.09 

Time deposits 

30,576 

365 

1.19 

24,492 

90 

.37 

37,872 

311 

.82 

Total interest-bearing deposits 

341,990 

1,872 

.55 

307,077 

320 

.10 

300,076 

950 

.32 

Short-term borrowings 

Federal funds purchased 

687 

8 

1.12 

1,507 

2 

.10 

1,660 

6 

.35 

Securities sold under agreements to repurchase 

2,037 

20 

1.00 

1,790 

2 

.13 

1,686 

8 

.50 

Commercial paper 

7,186 

69 

.96 

7,228 

1 

.01 

8,141 

21 

.26 

Other short-term borrowings 

15,830 

471 

2.98 

4,249 

65 

1.54 

7,695 

109 

1.41 

Total short-term borrowings 

25,740 

568 

2.21 

14,774 

70 

.47 

19,182 

144 

.75 

Long-term debt 

33,114 

780 

2.35 

36,682 

603 

1.64 

44,040 

924 

2.10 

Total interest-bearing liabilities 

400,844 

3,220 

.80 

358,533 

993 

.28 

363,298 

2,018 

.56 

Other liabilities 

20,029 

16,353 

16,494 

Shareholders equity 

Preferred equity 

6,761 

6,255 

6,042 

Common equity 

43,655 

47,555 

46,204 

Total U.S. Bancorp shareholders equity 

50,416 

53,810 

52,246 

Noncontrolling interests 

466 

632 

630 

Total equity 

50,882 

54,442 

52,876 

Total liabilities and equity 

592,149 

556,532 

531,207 

Net interest income 

14,846 

12,600 

12,923 

Gross interest margin 

2.51 

2.41 

2.54 

Gross interest margin without taxable-equivalent increments 

2.49 

2.39 

2.52 

Percent of Earning Assets 

Interest income 

3.31 

2.69 

3.10 

Interest expense 

.59 

.20 

.42 

Net interest margin 

2.72 

2.49 

2.68 

Net interest margin without taxable-equivalent increments 

2.70 

2.47 

2.66 

Not meaningful 

(a) 
 Interest and rates are presented on a fully taxable-equivalent basis based on a federal income tax rate of 21 percent. 

(b) 
 Interest income and rates on loans include loan fees. Nonaccrual loans are included in average loan balances. 

138 

Table of Contents 

U.S. Bancorp Supplemental Financial Data (Unaudited) 

Earnings Per Common Share Summary 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Earnings per common share 

3.69 

5.11 

3.06 

Diluted earnings per common share 

3.69 

5.10 

3.06 

Dividends declared per common share 

1.88 

1.76 

1.68 

Other Statistics (Dollars and Shares in Millions) 

Common shares outstanding (a) 

1,531 

1,484 

1,507 

Average common shares outstanding and common stock equivalents 

Earnings per common share 

1,489 

1,489 

1,509 

Diluted earnings per common share 

1,490 

1,490 

1,510 

Number of shareholders (b) 

30,280 

31,111 

32,520 

Common dividends declared 

2,829 

2,630 

2,541 

(a) 
 Defined as total common shares issued less common stock held in treasury at December 31. 

(b) 
 Based on number of common stock shareholders of record at December 31. The common stock of U.S. Bancorp is traded on the New York Stock Exchange, under the ticker symbol USB. At January 31, 2023, there were 30,217 holders of record of the Company s common stock. Stock Performance Chart The following chart compares the cumulative total shareholder return on the Company s common stock during the five years ended December 31, 2022, with the cumulative total return on the Standard Poor s 500 Index and the KBW Bank Index. The comparison assumes 100 was invested on December 31, 2017, in the Company s common stock and in each of the foregoing indices and assumes the reinvestment of all dividends. The comparisons in the graph are based upon historical data and are not indicative of, nor intended to forecast, future performance of the Company s common stock. 

139 

Table of Contents 

Company Information General Business Description U.S. Bancorp is a financial services holding company headquartered in Minneapolis, Minnesota, serving millions of local, national and global customers. U.S. Bancorp is registered as a bank holding company under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 (the BHC Act ), and has elected to be treated as a financial holding company under the BHC Act. The Company provides a full range of financial services, including lending and depository services, cash management, capital markets, and trust and investment management services. It also engages in credit card services, merchant and ATM processing, mortgage banking, insurance, brokerage and leasing. Effective December 1, 2022, the Company acquired MUB s core regional banking franchise, consisting primarily of retail banking branches in California, Oregon and Washington. U.S. Bancorp s banking subsidiaries, USBNA and MUB, are engaged in the general banking business, principally in domestic markets, and hold all of the Company s consolidated deposits of 525.0 billion at December 31, 2022. USBNA and MUB provide a wide range of products and services to individuals, businesses, institutional organizations, governmental entities and other financial institutions. Commercial and consumer lending services are principally offered to customers within the Company s domestic markets, to domestic customers with foreign operations and to large national customers operating in specific industries targeted by the Company, such as healthcare, utilities, oil and gas, and state and municipal government. Lending services include traditional credit products as well as credit card services, lease financing and import/export trade, asset-backed lending, agricultural finance and other products. Depository services include checking accounts, savings accounts and time certificate contracts. Ancillary services such as capital markets, treasury management and receivable lock-box collection are provided to corporate and governmental entity customers. U.S. Bancorp s bank and trust subsidiaries provide a full range of asset management and fiduciary services for individuals, estates, foundations, business corporations and charitable organizations. Other U.S. Bancorp non-banking subsidiaries offer investment and insurance products to the Company s customers principally within its domestic markets, and fund administration services to a broad range of mutual and other funds. Banking and investment services are provided through a network of 2,494 banking offices as of December 31, 2022, principally operating in the Midwest and West regions of the United States, through on-line services, over mobile devices and through other distribution channels. The Company operates a network of 4,505 ATMs as of December 31, 2022, and provides 24-hour, seven day a week telephone customer service. Mortgage banking services are provided through banking offices and loan production offices throughout the Company s domestic markets. Lending products may be originated through banking offices, indirect correspondents, brokers or other lending 

sources. The Company is also one of the largest providers of corporate and purchasing card services and corporate trust services in the United States. The Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, Elavon, Inc. Elavon ), provides domestic merchant processing services directly to merchants. Wholly-owned subsidiaries of Elavon provide similar merchant services in Canada and segments of Europe. The Company also provides corporate trust and fund administration services in Europe. These foreign operations are not significant to the Company. On a full-time equivalent basis, as of December 31, 2022, U.S. Bancorp employed 76,646 people. Risk Factors An investment in the Company involves risk, including the possibility that the value of the investment could fall substantially and that dividends or other distributions on the investment could be reduced or eliminated. Below are material risk factors that make an investment in the Company speculative or risky. Economic and Market Conditions Risk Deterioration in business and economic conditions could adversely affect the Company s lending business and the value of loans and debt securities it holds The Company s business activities and earnings are affected by general business conditions in the United States and abroad, including factors such as the level and volatility of short-term and long-term interest rates, inflation, home prices, unemployment and under-employment levels, bankruptcies, household income, consumer spending, fluctuations in both debt and equity capital markets, liquidity of the global financial markets, the availability and cost of capital and credit, investor sentiment and confidence in the financial markets, and the strength of the domestic and global economies in which the Company operates. Changes in these conditions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affected the Company s consumer and commercial businesses and securities portfolios, its level of charge-offs and provision for credit losses, and its results of operations during 2020, 2021 and 2022, and changes in these conditions caused by Russia s invasion of Ukraine impacted the Company s results of operations in 2022. Other future changes in these conditions, whether related to the COVID-19 pandemic, the war in Ukraine, the threat or occurrence of a U.S. sovereign default or otherwise, could have additional adverse effects on the Company and its businesses. Given the high percentage of the Company s assets represented directly or indirectly by loans, and the importance of lending to its overall business, weak economic conditions have negatively affected the Company s business and results of operations, including new loan origination activity, existing loan utilization rates and delinquencies, defaults and the ability of customers to meet obligations under the loans. In addition, future deterioration in economic conditions could have adverse effects on loan origination activity, loan utilization rates and delinquencies, defaults and the ability of customers to meet loan 

140 

Table of Contents 

obligations. The value to the Company of other assets such as investment securities, most of which are debt securities or other financial instruments supported by loans, similarly have been, and would be, negatively impacted by widespread decreases in credit quality resulting from a weakening of the economy. In addition, volatility and uncertainty related to inflation or a possible recession and their effects, which could potentially continue to contribute to poor economic conditions, may contribute to or enhance some of the risks described herein. For example, higher inflation, slower growth or a recession could reduce demand for the Company s products, adversely affect the creditworthiness of its borrowers or result in lower values for its interest-earning assets and investment securities. Any of these effects, or others that the Company is not able to predict, could adversely affect its financial condition or results of operations. Any deterioration in global economic conditions could damage the domestic economy or negatively affect the Company s borrowers or other counterparties that have direct or indirect exposure to these regions. Such global disruptions, including disruptions in supply chains or geopolitical risk, can undermine investor confidence, cause a contraction of available credit, or create market volatility, any of which could have material adverse effects on the Company s businesses, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, even if the Company s direct exposure to the affected region is limited. Global political trends toward nationalism and isolationism, could increase the probability of a deterioration in global economic conditions. Changes in interest rates could reduce the Company s net interest income The Company s earnings are dependent to a large degree on net interest income, which is the difference between interest income from loans and investments and interest expense on deposits and borrowings. Net interest income is significantly affected by market rates of interest, which in turn are affected by prevailing economic conditions, by the fiscal and monetary policies of the federal government and by the policies of various regulatory agencies. Volatility in interest rates can also result in the flow of funds away from financial institutions into direct investments. Direct investments, such as United States government and corporate securities and other investment vehicles (including mutual funds), generally pay higher rates of return than financial institutions because of the absence of federal insurance premiums and reserve requirements. United States interest rates fell dramatically during the first quarter of 2020 and remained low through 2021, which adversely affected the Company s net interest income. The Federal Reserve raised benchmark interest rates throughout 2022 and may continue to raise interest rates in response to economic conditions, particularly inflationary pressures. When interest rates are increasing, the Company can generally be expected to earn higher net interest income. However, higher interest rates can also lead to fewer originations of loans, less liquidity in the financial markets, and higher funding costs, each of which could adversely affect the Company s revenues and its liquidity and capital levels. In 2022, as a result of 

the high interest rate environment, the Company earned higher net interest income but experienced fewer originations of mortgage loans and higher funding costs, and the Company expects these effects to continue in the future if interest rates remain elevated or increase further. Higher interest rates can also negatively affect the payment performance on loans that are linked to variable interest rates. If borrowers of variable rate loans are unable to afford higher interest payments, those borrowers may reduce or stop making payments, thereby causing the Company to incur losses and increased operational costs related to servicing a higher volume of delinquent loans. The Company s results may be materially affected by market fluctuations and significant changes in the value of financial instruments The value of securities, derivatives and other financial instruments which the Company owns or in which it makes markets can be materially affected by market fluctuations. Market volatility, illiquid market conditions and other disruptions in the financial markets may make it extremely difficult to value certain financial instruments. Subsequent valuations of financial instruments in future periods, in light of factors then prevailing, may result in significant changes in the value of these instruments. In addition, at the time of any disposition of these financial instruments, the price that the Company ultimately realizes will depend on the demand and liquidity in the market at that time and may be materially lower than their current fair value. Any of these factors could cause a decline in the value of financial instruments that the Company owns or in which it makes markets, which may have an adverse effect on the Company s results of operations. The Company s risk management and monitoring processes, including its stress testing framework, seek to quantify and control the Company s exposure to more extreme market moves. However, the Company s hedging and other risk management strategies may not be effective, and it could incur significant losses, if extreme market events were to occur. The discontinuance of the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR as an interest rate benchmark could adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations The publication of the most commonly used United States Dollar LIBOR settings will cease to be provided or cease to be representative after June 30, 2023. The publication of all other LIBOR settings ceased to be provided or ceased to representative as of December 31, 2021. Additionally, the United States federal banking agencies issued guidance strongly encouraging banking organizations to cease using the United States Dollar LIBOR as a reference rate in new contracts by December 31, 2021, at the latest, with limited exceptions. In March 2022, the LIBOR Act was enacted. The LIBOR Act provides a uniform approach for replacing LIBOR as a reference rate in contracts that do not include effective fallback provisions. Under the LIBOR Act and its implementing regulations, references to the most common tenors of LIBOR in such contracts will be replaced as a matter of law to instead reference rates based on SOFR. 

141 

Table of Contents 

The replacement of LIBOR is complex and could have a range of adverse impacts on the Company s business and results of operations. The Company has various types of transactions, including derivatives, loans, bonds, and securitized products, that reference LIBOR and other Interbank Offered Rates IBORs ). The replacement of LIBOR and other IBORs with ARRs and the Company s development of products linked to alternate benchmark rates has created a number of risks for the Company, its customers, and the financial services industry more widely. The extensive changes to documentation that govern or reference LIBOR or LIBOR-based products create a variety of execution risks for the Company. The Company may be unable to modify contracts with its counterparties to replace the reference rate for existing contracts based on or linked to LIBOR and other interest rate benchmarks with ARRs by the dates set for cessation of LIBOR and other interest rate benchmarks. The Company will need to transition all contracts still tied to LIBOR on or shortly after the cessation of LIBOR, which becomes increasingly complicated with higher numbers of contracts due to variations across different products, types of fallback language, and remediation strategies. The Company will also need to communicate with counterparties regarding the transition of contracts to an ARR, and such communications will vary by customer and by product due to differences in product type, regulatory requirements, and other customer considerations. The transition from LIBOR may also result in disputes, litigation or other actions with clients, counterparties or investors, including with respect to, among other things, (i) the interpretation and enforceability of provisions in LIBOR-based products such as fallback language or other related provisions, (ii) the interpretation and implementation of the LIBOR Act and the enforceability thereof, (iii) any economic, legal, operational or other impact from the fundamental differences between LIBOR and the various ARRs, (iv) any issues resulting from implementing fallback language in a large number of contracts over a short period of time, (v) a claimed failure to appropriately communicate possible remediation strategies and the effects of the transition, and (vi) any actions resulting from the Company s interpretation and execution of its roles and responsibilities in corporate trust transactions. The transition may also result in additional inquiries or other actions from regulators regarding the Company s preparation and readiness for the replacement of LIBOR. The discontinuation of a LIBOR setting, changes in LIBOR or changes in market acceptance of LIBOR as a reference rate may also adversely affect the yield on loans or securities held by the Company; amounts paid on securities the Company has issued; amounts received and paid on derivative instruments it has entered into; the value of such loans, securities or derivative instruments; the trading market for securities; the terms of new loans being made using different or modified reference rates; the Company s ability to effectively use derivative instruments to manage risk; and the availability or cost of floating-rate funding and the Company s exposure to fluctuations in interest rates. 

Changes to benchmark indices may also adversely affect the price, liquidity, value of, return on and trading for a broad array of financial products, including any LIBOR-linked securities, loans and derivatives that are included in the Company s financial assets and liabilities. The Company s acquisition of MUB creates additional risks for the Company and compounds the risks noted above. In certain instances, the Company and MUB have different remediation strategies for similar products, which increases the complexity in planning for and executing remediation strategies related to customer communications and rate transitions. Additionally, in certain instances, the Company and MUB have taken different approaches to communications with customers. The dispute risks and economic risks noted above are heightened as well due to the increased number of financial instruments which must be transitioned from LIBOR. The Company is also subject to the risk that its customers, counterparties and third-party vendors are not operationally ready to transition away from LIBOR, and the failure of such third parties to upgrade their operations to transition away from LIBOR on a timely basis could materially disrupt the Company s operations. Operations and Business Risk A breach in the security of the Company s information systems, or the information systems of certain third parties, could disrupt the Company s businesses, result in the disclosure of confidential information, damage its reputation and create significant financial and legal exposure The Company continues to experience an increasing number of attempted attacks on its information systems, software, networks and other technologies. Although the Company devotes significant resources to maintain and regularly upgrade its systems and processes that are designed to protect the security of the Company s computer systems, software, networks, technologies and intellectual property, and to protect the confidentiality, integrity and availability of information belonging to the Company and its customers, the Company s security measures may not be effective against new threats. Malicious actors continue to develop increasingly sophisticated cyber attacks that could impact the Company. Many financial institutions, retailers and other companies engaged in data processing, including software and information technology service providers, have reported cyber attacks, some of which involved sophisticated and targeted attacks intended to obtain unauthorized access to confidential information, destroy data, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems, often through the introduction of software that is intentionally included or inserted in an information system for a harmful purpose (malware). Attacks on financial or other institutions important to the overall functioning of the financial system could also adversely affect, directly or indirectly, aspects of the Company s businesses. The increasing consolidation, interdependence and 

142 

Table of Contents 

complexity of financial entities and technology systems increases the risk of operational failure, both for the Company and on an industry-wide basis, and means that a technology failure, cyber attack, or other information or security breach that significantly degrades, deletes or compromises the systems or data of one or more financial entities could materially affect the Company, counterparties or other market participants. Third parties that facilitate the Company s business activities, including exchanges, clearinghouses, payment and ATM networks, financial intermediaries and vendors that provide services or technology solutions for the Company s operations, are also sources of operational and security risks to the Company due to failures of their systems, misconduct by their employees or cyber attacks that could affect their ability to deliver a product or service to the Company, resulting in lost or compromised Company or customer information. Although the Company implements safeguards with respect to third-party systems, such safeguards may not always be effective. Furthermore, a third party may not reveal an attack or system failure to the Company in a timely manner, which could compromise the Company s ability to respond effectively. Some of these third parties may engage vendors of their own, which introduces the risk that the third party s vendors and subcontractors fourth parties could be the source of operational and security failures. In addition, if a third party obtains access to the customer account data on the Company s systems, and that party experiences a breach via an external or internal threat or misappropriates such data, the Company and its customers could suffer material harm, including heightened risk of fraudulent transactions, losses from fraudulent transactions, increased operational costs to remediate any security breach and reputational harm. These risks are expected to continue to increase as the Company expands its interconnectivity with its customers and other third parties. Within the past several years, multiple companies have disclosed substantial cybersecurity breaches affecting debit and credit card accounts of their customers, some of whom were the Company s cardholders and who may experience fraud on their card accounts because of the breach. The Company has suffered, and will in the future suffer, losses associated with reimbursing its customers for such fraudulent transactions, as well as for other costs related to data security compromise events, such as replacing cards associated with compromised card accounts. These attacks involving Company cards are likely to continue and could, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition or results of operations. It is possible that the Company may not be able to anticipate or to implement effective preventive measures against all cybersecurity breaches because malicious actor methods and techniques change frequently, increase in sophistication, often are not recognized until launched, sometimes go undetected even when successful, and originate from a wide variety of sources, including organized crime, hackers, terrorists, activists, 

hostile foreign governments and other external parties. Those parties may also attempt to fraudulently induce employees, customers or other users of the Company s systems to disclose sensitive information to gain access to the Company s data or that of its customers or clients, such as through phishing and other social engineering schemes. Other types of attacks may include computer viruses, malicious or destructive code, denial-of-service attacks, cyber extortion and accompanying ransom demands. The Company s information security risks may increase in the future as the Company continues to increase its mobile and internet-based product offerings and expands its internal usage of web-based products and applications. In addition, the Company s customers often use their own devices, such as computers, smart phones and tablet computers, to make payments and manage their accounts, and are subject to phishing and other attempts from cyber criminals to compromise or deny access to their accounts. The Company has limited ability to assure the safety and security of its customers transactions with the Company to the extent they are using their own devices, which have been, and likely will continue to be, subject to such threats. In addition, the Company s acquisition of MUB has caused the Company to experience increased cybersecurity risk, which the Company expects to remain elevated until the integration of MUB is completed. Specifically, these risks include technology disruption during the integration phase, potential dormant threats in MUB, information technology resilience risk during integration and conversion, and risks related to the cybersecurity postures of USBNA and MUB. If the Company s physical or cybersecurity systems are penetrated or circumvented, or an authorized user intentionally or unintentionally removes, loses or destroys critical business data, serious negative consequences for the Company can follow, including significant disruption of the Company s operations, misappropriation of confidential Company and/or customer information, or damage to the Company s or customers or counterparties computers or systems. These consequences could result in violations of applicable privacy and other laws; financial loss to the Company or to its customers; loss of confidence in the Company s security measures; customer dissatisfaction; significant litigation exposure; regulatory fines, penalties or intervention; reimbursement or other compensatory costs (including the costs of credit monitoring services); additional compliance costs; and harm to the Company s reputation, all of which could adversely affect the Company. Because the investigation of any information security breach is inherently unpredictable and would require substantial time to complete, the Company may not be able to quickly remediate the consequences of any breach, which may increase the costs of, and enhance the negative consequences associated with, a breach. In addition, to the extent the Company s insurance covers aspects of any breach, such insurance may not be sufficient to cover all the Company s losses. 

143 

Table of Contents 

The Company relies on its employees, systems and third parties to conduct its business, and certain failures by systems or misconduct by employees or third parties could adversely affect its operations The Company operates in many different businesses in diverse markets and relies on the ability of its employees and systems to process a high number of transactions. The Company s business, financial, accounting, data processing, and other operating systems and facilities may stop operating properly or become disabled or damaged due to a number of factors, including events that are out of its control. In addition to the risks posed by information security breaches, as discussed above, such systems could be compromised because of spikes in transaction volume, electrical or telecommunications outages, degradation or loss of internet or website availability, natural disasters, political or social unrest, and terrorist acts. The Company s business operations may be adversely affected by significant disruption to the operating systems that support its businesses and customers. If backup systems are used during outages, they might not process data as quickly as do the primary systems, which could negatively impact the ability to back up data. The Company could also incur losses resulting from the risk of human error by employees, fraud by employees or persons outside the Company, unauthorized access to its computer systems, the execution of unauthorized transactions by employees, errors relating to transaction processing and technology, breaches of the internal control system and compliance requirements, and business continuation and disaster recovery. This risk of loss also includes customer remediation costs, the potential legal actions, fines or civil money penalties that could arise resulting from an operational deficiency or noncompliance with applicable regulatory standards, adverse business decisions or their implementation, and customer attrition due to potential negative publicity. Third parties provide key components of the Company s business infrastructure, such as internet connections, network access and mutual fund distribution. While the Company has selected these third parties carefully, it is limited in its ability to control their actions. Any problems caused by third-party service providers, including failing to comply with their contractual obligations or performing their services negligently, could adversely affect the Company s ability to deliver products and services to the Company s customers and otherwise to conduct its business. Replacing third-party service providers could also entail significant delay and expense. In addition, failure of third-party service providers to handle current or higher volumes of use could adversely affect the Company s ability to deliver products and services to clients and otherwise to conduct business. Technological or financial difficulties of a third-party service provider could adversely affect the Company s businesses to the extent those difficulties result in the interruption or discontinuation of services provided by that party. 
 
 Operational risks for large financial institutions such as the Company have generally increased in recent years, in part because of the proliferation of new technologies, implementation of work-from-home and hybrid work arrangements, the use of internet services and telecommunications technologies to conduct financial transactions, the increased number and complexity of transactions being processed, and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, hackers, terrorists, activists, and other external parties. In the event of a breakdown in the internal control system, improper operation of systems or improper employee or third-party actions, the Company could suffer financial loss, face legal or regulatory action and suffer damage to its reputation. The Company could face material legal and reputational harm if it fails to safeguard personal information The Company is subject to complex and evolving laws and regulations, both inside and outside the United States, governing the privacy and protection of personal information. Individuals whose personal information may be protected by law can include the Company s customers, customers customers, prospective customers, job applicants, current and former employees, the employees of the Company s suppliers, and other individuals. Complying with laws and regulations applicable to the Company s collection, use, transfer and storage of personal information can increase operating costs, impact the development and marketing of new products or services, and reduce operational efficiency. Any mishandling or misuse of personal information by the Company or its suppliers could expose the Company to litigation or regulatory fines, penalties or other sanctions. In the United States, several states have recently enacted consumer privacy laws that impose compliance obligations with respect to personal information. In particular, the California Consumer Privacy Act (the CCPA and its implementing regulations impose significant requirements on covered businesses with respect to consumer data privacy rights. In November 2020, voters in the State of California approved the California Privacy Rights Act CPRA ), a ballot measure that amends and supplements the CCPA by, among other things, expanding certain rights relating to personal information and its use, collection, deletion, correction, and disclosure by covered businesses. Compliance with the CCPA, the CPRA, and other state statutes, common law, or regulations designed to protect personal information could potentially require substantive technology infrastructure and process changes across many of the Company s businesses. Non-compliance with the CCPA, CPRA, or similar laws and regulations could lead to substantial regulatory fines and penalties, damages from private causes of action, compelled changes to the Company s business practices, and/or reputational harm. The Company cannot predict whether any pending or future state or federal legislation will be adopted, or the impact of any such adopted legislation on the Company. 

144 

Table of Contents 

Future legislation could result in substantial costs to the Company and could have an adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, legal requirements for cross-border personal data transfers are constantly changing, including the revisions made by the European Economic Area EEA that require the use of revised Standard Contractual Clauses SCCs for international data transfers from the EEA. The SCCs are required to be used for new agreements involving the cross-border transfer of personal data from the EEA and must be supplemented by an assessment and due diligence of the legal and regulatory landscape of the jurisdiction of the data importer, the channels used to transmit personal data and any sub-processors that may receive personal data. The UK has developed its own set of SCCs that must be used for transfers of personal data from the UK to the U.S. In December 2022, the European Commission announced a draft adequacy decision for the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (the EU-U.S. DPF ), a cross-border data transfer mechanism that will replace the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield that was invalidated in 2020. The EU-U.S. DPF is in development, and there is no guarantee that it will be approved in its current form. Compliance with these changes and any future changes to data transfer or privacy requirements could potentially require the Company to make significant technological and operational changes, any of which could result in substantial costs to the Company, and failure to comply with applicable data transfer or privacy requirements could subject the Company to fines or regulatory oversight. Additional risks could arise from the failure of the Company or third parties to provide adequate notice to the Company s customers about the personal information collected from them and the use of such information; to receive, document, and honor the privacy preferences expressed by the Company s customers; to protect personal information from unauthorized disclosure; or to maintain proper training on privacy practices for all employees or third parties who have access to personal information. Concerns regarding the effectiveness of the Company s measures to safeguard personal information and abide by privacy preferences, or even the perception that those measures are inadequate or that the Company does not abide by such privacy preferences, could cause the Company to lose existing or potential customers and thereby reduce its revenues. In addition, any failure or perceived failure by the Company to comply with applicable privacy or data protection laws and regulations could result in requirements to modify or cease certain operations or practices, and/or in material liabilities or regulatory fines, penalties, or other sanctions. Refer to Supervision and Regulation in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information regarding data privacy laws and regulations. Any of these outcomes could materially damage the Company s reputation and otherwise adversely affect its business. 
 
 The Company could lose market share and experience increased costs if it does not effectively develop and implement new technology The financial services industry is continually undergoing rapid technological change with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services, including innovative ways that customers can make payments or manage their accounts, such as through the use of mobile payments, digital wallets or digital currencies. The growth of many of these technologies was accelerated as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and the shift to increased digital activity. The Company s continued success depends, in part, upon its ability to address customer needs by using technology to provide products and services that customers want to adopt and create additional efficiencies in the Company s operations. When launching a new product or service or introducing a new platform for the delivery of products and services, the Company might not identify or fully appreciate new operational risks arising from those innovations or might fail to implement adequate controls to mitigate those risks. Developing and deploying new technology-driven products and services can also involve costs that the Company may not recover and divert resources away from other product development efforts. The Company may not be able to effectively develop and implement profitable new technology-driven products and services or be successful in marketing these products and services to its customers. Failure to successfully keep pace with technological change affecting the financial services industry, including because larger competitors may have more resources to spend on developing new technologies or because non-bank competitors have a lower cost structure and more flexibility, could harm the Company s competitive position and negatively affect its revenue and profit. The Company may not realize the full value of its strategic plans and initiatives As the Company develops its strategic initiatives, it scans the internal and external environment to inform any changes required, take advantage of new opportunities and/or respond to unexpected challenges. Initiatives include focusing on customer growth with tailored products and experiences that meet customer needs; maintaining discipline centered on preserving the Company s financial excellence and risk appetite; acquiring and integrating financial services businesses or assets; cultivating a future-focused and diverse talent strategy; and increasing access to banking services and economic empowerment. The Company s initiatives are impacted by internal factors, rapid pace of change from an evolving competitive landscape, increased cybersecurity threats, accelerated digitalization, and emerging technologies. In addition, execution is impacted by the Company s response to external economic conditions, global uncertainty, and regulatory factors that are beyond its control. The Company s future growth and the value of its stock will depend, in part, on its ability to effectively implement its business strategy. If the Company is not able to 

145 

Table of Contents 

successfully execute its business strategy, then the Company s competitive position, reputation, prospects for growth, and results of operations may be adversely affected. Damage to the Company s reputation could adversely impact its business and financial results Reputation risk, or the risk to the Company s business, earnings and capital from negative public opinion, is inherent in the Company s business. Negative public opinion about the financial services industry generally or the Company specifically could adversely affect the Company s ability to retain and attract stakeholders such as customers, investors, and employees and could expose the Company to litigation and regulatory action. Negative public opinion can result from the Company s actual or alleged conduct in any number of activities, including lending practices, cybersecurity breaches, failures to safeguard personal information, discriminating or harassing behavior of employees toward other employees or customers, mortgage servicing and foreclosure practices, compensation practices, sales practices, regulatory compliance, mergers and acquisitions, and actions taken by government regulators and community organizations in response to that conduct. Additionally, the Company s stakeholders often hold differing views on how the Company should address environmental, social and governance ESG goals as it relates to serving customers. The Company s approach to ESG and customers may result in negative attention in traditional and social media, resulting in a negative perception of the Company depending on an individual s view. In addition, failure to deliver against established ESG goals and objectives could present reputational and financial harm to the Company. If the Company is unable to design or execute against business strategies that balance conflicting views on how it supports ESG initiatives, while continuing to support customers from differing industries, reputational damage could result, leading to a loss of customers or negative investor sentiment. Although the Company takes steps to minimize reputation risk in dealing with customers and other constituencies, the Company, as a large diversified financial services company with a high industry profile, is inherently exposed to this risk. The Company s business and financial performance could be adversely affected, directly or indirectly, by natural disasters, pandemics, terrorist activities, civil unrest or international hostilities Neither the occurrence nor the potential impact of natural disasters, pandemics, terrorist activities, civil unrest or international hostilities can be predicted. However, these occurrences could impact the Company directly (for example, by interrupting the Company s systems, which could prevent the Company from obtaining deposits, originating loans and processing and controlling its flow of business; causing significant damage to the Company s facilities; or otherwise preventing the Company from conducting business in the ordinary course), or indirectly as a result of their impact on the Company s borrowers, depositors, other customers, vendors or other counterparties (for example, by damaging properties pledged as collateral for the Company s loans or impairing the 

ability of certain borrowers to repay their loans). The Company has also suffered, and could in the future suffer, adverse consequences to the extent that natural disasters, pandemics, including the COVID-19 pandemic, terrorist activities, civil unrest or international hostilities, including Russia s invasion of Ukraine, affect the financial markets or the economy in general or in any particular region. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic has created economic and financial disruptions that have adversely affected, and may in the future adversely affect, the Company s business, financial condition, capital and results of operations. During the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company experienced significant disruptions to its normal operations, including the temporary closing of branches and a sudden increase in the volume of work-from-home arrangements. In addition, the Company has been indirectly negatively affected by the pandemic s effects on the Company s borrowers and other customers, and by its effects on global financial markets. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic will in the future negatively affect the Company s business, financial condition, capital and results of operations will depend on developments that are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted at this time, including the scope and duration of any surges in the pandemic, the continued effectiveness of vaccines and their distribution and acceptance over the long term (including the effectiveness of vaccines against new COVID variants), the continued effectiveness of the Company s business continuity plans, and governmental and other responses to the pandemic. The COVID-19 pandemic has caused, and other future natural disasters, pandemics, terrorist activities, civil unrest or international hostilities, may cause, an increase in delinquencies, bankruptcies or defaults that could result in the Company experiencing higher levels of nonperforming assets, net charge-offs and provisions for credit losses. Depending on the impact of the pandemic and current international hostilities on general economic and market conditions, there is a risk that adverse conditions could occur or worsen, including supply chain disruptions; higher inflation; a possible recession; decreased demand for the Company s products and services or those of its borrowers, which could increase credit risk; challenges related to maintaining sufficient qualified personnel due to labor shortages, talent attrition, employee illness, or willingness to return to work; increased risk of cyber attacks; increased volatility in commodity, currency and other financial markets; and disruptions to business operations at the Company and at counterparties, vendors and other service providers. The United States has in recent years faced periods significant civil unrest. Although civil unrest has not materially affected the Company s businesses to date, similar events could, directly or indirectly, have a material adverse effect on the Company s operations (for example, by causing shutdowns of branches or working locations of vendors or other counterparties or damaging property pledged as collateral for the Company s loans). The Company s ability to mitigate the adverse consequences of these occurrences is in part dependent on the quality of the 

146 

Table of Contents 

Company s resiliency planning, and the Company s ability, if any, to anticipate the nature of any such event that occurs. The adverse effects of natural disasters, pandemics, terrorist activities, civil unrest or international hostilities also could be increased to the extent that there is a lack of preparedness on the part of national or regional emergency responders or on the part of other organizations and businesses that the Company transacts with, particularly those that it depends upon, but has no control over. Additionally, both the frequency and severity of some kinds of natural disasters, including wildfires, flooding, tornadoes and hurricanes, have increased, and the Company expects will continue to increase, as a result of climate change. The Company s business strategy, operations, financial performance and customers could be materially adversely affected by the impacts related to climate change There is an increasing concern over the risks of climate change and the impact that climate change may have on the Company and its customers and communities. The physical risks of climate change include increasing average global temperatures, rising sea levels and an increase in the frequency and severity of extreme weather events and natural disasters, including wildfires, floods, tornadoes and hurricanes. Climate shifts and the increasing frequency and severity of natural disasters reduce the Company s ability to predict accurately the effects of natural disasters. Such disasters could disrupt the Company s operations or the operations of customers or third parties on which the Company relies. Such disasters could also result in market volatility, negatively impact customers ability to pay outstanding loans, damage collateral or result in the deterioration of the value of collateral. Such disasters may also result in reduced availability of insurance, including insurance that protects property pledged as collateral for Company loans, which could negatively affect the Company s ability to predict credit losses accurately. Additionally, climate change concerns could result in transition risk. Transition risks could include changes in consumer preferences, new technologies, and additional legislation and regulatory requirements, including those associated with the transition to a low-carbon economy. These physical risks and transition risks could increase expenses or otherwise adversely impact the Company s business strategy, operations, financial performance and customers. In particular, new regulations or guidance, or the attitudes of regulators, shareholders and employees regarding climate change, may affect the activities in which the Company engages and the products that the Company offers. In addition, an increasing perspective that financial institutions, including the Company, play an important role in managing risks related to climate change, including indirectly with respect to their customers, may result in increased pressure on the Company to take additional steps to disclose and manage its climate risks and related lending and other activities. The Company could also experience increased expenses resulting from strategic planning, litigation and technology and market changes, and reputational harm as a result of negative public sentiment, regulatory scrutiny and 

reduced investor and stakeholder confidence due to the Company s response to climate change and the Company s climate change strategy. Risks associated with climate change are continuing to evolve rapidly, making it difficult to assess the effects of climate change on the Company, and the Company expects that climate change-related risks will continue to evolve and increase over time. Regulatory and Legal Risk The Company is subject to extensive and evolving government regulation and supervision, which can increase the cost of doing business, limit the Company s ability to make investments and generate revenue, and lead to costly enforcement actions Banking regulations are primarily intended to protect depositors funds, the federal Deposit Insurance Fund, and the United States financial system as a whole, and not the Company s debt holders or shareholders. These regulations, and the Company s inability to act in certain instances without receiving prior regulatory approval, affect the Company s lending practices, capital structure, investment practices, dividend policy, ability to repurchase common stock, and ability to pursue strategic acquisitions, among other activities. The Company expects that its business will remain subject to extensive regulation and supervision and that the level of scrutiny and the enforcement environment may fluctuate over time, based on numerous factors, including changes in the United States presidential administration or one or both houses of Congress and public sentiment regarding financial institutions (which can be influenced by scandals and other incidents that involve participants in the industry). In particular, changes in administration may result in the Company and other large financial institutions becoming subject to increased scrutiny and/or more extensive legal and regulatory requirements than under prior presidential and congressional regimes. In addition, changes in key personnel at the agencies that regulate the Company, including the federal banking regulators, may result in differing interpretations of existing rules and guidelines and potentially more stringent enforcement and more severe penalties than previously experienced. New regulations or modifications to existing regulations and supervisory expectations have increased, and may in the future increase, the Company s costs over time and necessitate changes to the Company s existing regulatory compliance and risk management infrastructure. In addition, regulatory changes may reduce the Company s revenues (including by limiting the fees the Company may charge), limit the types of financial services and products it may offer, alter the investments it makes, affect the manner in which it operates its businesses, increase its litigation and regulatory costs should it fail to appropriately comply with new or modified laws and regulatory requirements, and increase the ability of non-banks to offer competing financial services and products. Changes to statutes, regulations or regulatory policies, or their interpretation or implementation, and/or regulatory practices, 

147 

Table of Contents 

requirements or expectations, could affect the Company in substantial and unpredictable ways. For example, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 imposed a new one percent excise tax on corporate stock repurchases, which could impact the extent of the Company s common stock repurchases, preferred stock redemptions, and mergers and acquisitions activity, as well as increase the Company s tax liability and reduce the Company s net income in connection with these activities. Moreover, general regulatory practices, such as longer time frames to obtain regulatory approvals for acquisitions and other activities (and the resultant impact on businesses the Company may seek to acquire), could affect the Company s ability or willingness to make certain acquisitions or introduce new products or services. In addition, the Biden Administration recently called on all regulatory agencies to reduce or eliminate certain fees relating to a number of services, including banking services. At the same time, the CFPB launched an initiative to reduce the amounts and types of fees financial institutions may charge, including by issuing a proposed rule that would significantly reduce the permissible amount of credit card late fees. Such changes could affect the Company s ability or willingness to provide certain products or services, necessitate changes to the Company s business practices or reduce the Company s revenues. Federal law grants substantial supervisory and enforcement powers to federal banking regulators and law enforcement agencies, including, among other things, the ability to assess significant civil or criminal monetary penalties, fines, or restitution; to issue cease and desist or removal orders; and to initiate injunctive actions against banking organizations and institution-affiliated parties. The financial services industry continues to face scrutiny from bank supervisors in the examination process and stringent enforcement of regulations on both the federal and state levels, including with respect to mortgage-related practices, fair lending practices, fees charged by banks, student lending practices, sales practices and related incentive compensation programs, and other consumer compliance matters, as well as compliance with Bank Secrecy Act/anti-money laundering BSA/AML requirements and sanctions compliance requirements as administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control, and consumer protection issues more generally. This regulatory scrutiny, or the results of an investigation or examination, may lead to additional regulatory investigations or enforcement actions. There is no assurance that those actions will not result in regulatory settlements or other enforcement actions against the Company or any of the Company s subsidiaries (including USBNA and MUB and, in the case of MUB, in respect of conduct or activities that may have occurred prior to the Company s acquisition of MUB), which could cause the Company material financial and reputational harm. Furthermore, a single event involving a potential violation of law or regulation may give rise to numerous and overlapping investigations and proceedings, either by multiple federal and state agencies and officials in the United States or, in some instances, regulators and other governmental 

officials in foreign jurisdictions. In addition, another financial institution s violation of law or regulation relating to a business activity or practice often will give rise to an investigation of the same or similar activities or practices of the Company. In general, the amounts paid by financial institutions in settlement of proceedings or investigations and the severity of other terms of regulatory settlements are likely to remain elevated. In some cases, governmental authorities have required criminal pleas or other extraordinary terms, including admissions of wrongdoing and the imposition of monitors, as part of such settlements, which could have significant consequences for a financial institution, including loss of customers, reputational harm, increased exposure to civil litigation, restrictions on the ability to access the capital markets, and the inability to operate certain businesses or offer certain products for a period of time. Non-compliance with sanctions laws and/or BSA/AML laws or failure to maintain an adequate BSA/AML compliance program can lead to significant monetary penalties and reputational damage. In addition, federal regulators evaluate the effectiveness of an applicant in combating money laundering when determining whether to approve a proposed bank merger, acquisition, restructuring, or other expansionary activity. There have been a number of significant enforcement actions against banks, broker-dealers and non-bank financial institutions with respect to sanctions laws and BSA/AML laws, and some have resulted in substantial penalties, including against the Company and USBNA in 2018. Violations of laws and regulations or deemed deficiencies in risk management practices or consumer compliance also may be incorporated into the Company s confidential supervisory ratings. A downgrade in these ratings, or these or other regulatory actions and settlements, could limit the Company s ability to conduct expansionary activities for a period of time and require new or additional regulatory approvals before engaging in certain other business activities. Differences in regulation can affect the Company s ability to compete effectively The content and application of laws and regulations applicable to financial institutions vary according to the size of the institution, the jurisdictions in which the institution is organized and operates and other factors. Large institutions, such as the Company, often are subject to more stringent regulatory requirements and supervision than smaller institutions. In addition, financial technology companies and other non-bank competitors may not be subject to the prudential and consumer protection regulatory framework that applies to banks, or may be regulated by a national or state agency that does not have the same regulatory priorities or supervisory requirements as the Company s regulators. These differences in regulation can impair the Company s ability to compete effectively with competitors that are less regulated and that do not have similar compliance costs or restrictions on activities. 

148 

Table of Contents 

Stringent requirements related to capital and liquidity have been adopted by United States banking regulators that may limit the Company s ability to return earnings to shareholders or operate or invest in its business United States banking regulators have adopted stringent capital- and liquidity-related standards applicable to larger banking organizations, including the Company. The rules require banks to hold more and higher quality capital as well as sufficient unencumbered liquid assets to meet certain stress scenarios defined by regulation. In November 2019, the federal banking regulators adopted two final rules (the Tailoring Rules that revised the criteria for determining the applicability of regulatory capital and liquidity requirements for large United States banking organizations, including the Company and USBNA, and that tailored the application of the Federal Reserve s enhanced prudential standards to large banking organizations. Although the Tailoring Rules and other recent changes to capital- and liquidity-related rules generally have simplified the regulatory framework applicable to the Company, future changes to the implementation of these rules including the stress capital buffer, or additional capital- and liquidity-related rules, could require the Company to take further steps to increase its capital, increase its investment security holdings, divest assets or operations, or otherwise change aspects of its capital and/or liquidity measures, including in ways that may be dilutive to shareholders or could limit the Company s ability to pay common stock dividends, repurchase its common stock, invest in its businesses or provide loans to its customers. The effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and actions by the Federal Reserve have in the past limited and may in the future limit capital distributions, including suspension of the Company s share repurchase program or reduction or suspension of the Company s common stock dividend. In addition, in connection with the Company s acquisition of MUB, the Company committed to submit to the Federal Reserve quarterly implementation plans for complying with requirements application to Category II institutions (i.e., institutions with 700 billion or more in total assets or 75 billion or more in cross-jurisdictional activities). The Company also committed to meet requirements applicable to Category II institutions by the earlier of (1) the date required under the Tailoring Rules and (2) December 31, 2024, if the Federal Reserve notifies the Company by January 1, 2024, that the Company must comply with such rules. As a Category II institution (whether obligated by rule or Federal Reserve notice), the Company would be subject to the full LCR and NSFR requirements, which would require the Company to maintain higher amounts of liquidity than are currently required. The Company would also be required to conduct more frequent company-run stress tests. In addition, the Company would be subject to more stringent risk-based capital requirements. These and other requirements that would apply to the Company after it becomes a Category II institution likely would result in additional compliance and other costs that may adversely affect the Company s results of operations. 
 
 Further, on October 14, 2022, the Federal Reserve published an advance notice of proposed rulemaking (ANPR) that together with the FDIC solicits public comment on potential changes to the resolution-related standards applicable to certain large banking organizations that are not globally systemically important banks (or GSIBs) such as the Company. The ANPR broadly focuses on whether and how certain elements of the GSIB resolution-related standards could be modified and applied to preserve optionality during the resolution of large banking organizations that are not GSIBs and address financial stability risks that may be associated with the material financial distress or failure of such organizations. In particular, the ANPR focuses on the potential imposition of a long-term debt requirement either at the holding company or bank level. If a long-term debt requirement was adopted, the Company may need to change its current funding mix, including being required to raise additional long-term debt, which could adversely impact net interest margin and net interest income. Additional capital and liquidity requirements may be imposed in the future. In December 2017, the Basel Committee finalized a package of revisions to the Basel III framework. The changes are meant to improve the calculation of risk-weighted assets and the comparability of capital ratios. Federal banking regulators are expected to undertake rule-makings in future years to implement these revisions in the United States. The ultimate impact of revisions to the Basel III based framework in the United States on the Company s capital and liquidity will depend on the final rule-makings and the implementation process thereafter. Refer to Supervision and Regulation in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information regarding the Company s capital and liquidity requirements. The Company is subject to significant financial and reputation risks from potential legal liability and governmental actions The Company faces significant legal risks in its businesses, and the volume of claims and amount of damages and penalties claimed in litigation and governmental proceedings against it and other financial institutions are substantial. Customers, clients and other counterparties are making claims for substantial or indeterminate amounts of damages, while banking regulators and certain other governmental authorities have focused on enforcement. The Company is named as a defendant or is otherwise involved in many legal proceedings, including class actions and other litigation. As a participant in the financial services industry, it is likely that the Company will continue to experience a high level of litigation and government scrutiny related to its businesses and operations in the future. Substantial legal liability or significant governmental action against the Company could materially impact the Company s financial condition and results of operations (including because such matters may be resolved for amounts that exceed established accruals for a particular period) or cause significant reputational harm to the Company. Since 2020, many financial institutions, including the Company, have received regulatory and governmental inquiries 

149 

Table of Contents 

regarding participation directly or on behalf of customers and clients in United States government programs designed to support individuals, households and businesses impacted by the economic disruptions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. The Company s participation in these and other programs used in response to the COVID-19 pandemic may lead to additional government and regulatory inquiries and litigation in the future, any of which could negatively impact the Company s business, reputation, financial condition and results of operations. Although, under the terms of the Share Purchase Agreement for the Company s acquisition of MUB, the Company may be entitled to indemnification from Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group, Inc. for certain losses, as the acquiror of MUB, the Company assumed MUB s liabilities as part of the acquisition, which includes, as a condition to the regulatory approval for the transaction, ensuring ongoing compliance with an OCC consent order relating to MUB s technology and operational risk management, and could also include other liabilities related to MUB s compliance with banking law. Such liabilities could result in additional regulatory scrutiny, constraints on the Company s business, or enforcement actions, including civil money penalties or fines. Any of those events could have a material adverse impact on the Company s future operations, financial condition, growth, or other aspects of its business. The Company may be required to repurchase mortgage loans or indemnify mortgage loan purchasers as a result of breaches in contractual representations and warranties When the Company sells mortgage loans that it has originated to various parties, including GSEs, it is required to make customary representations and warranties to the purchaser about the mortgage loans and the manner in which they were originated. The Company may be required to repurchase mortgage loans or be subject to indemnification claims in the event of a breach of contractual representations or warranties that is not remedied within a certain period. Contracts for residential mortgage loan sales to the GSEs include various types of specific remedies and penalties that could be applied if the Company does not adequately respond to repurchase requests. If economic conditions and the housing market deteriorate or the GSEs increase their claims for breached representations and warranties, the Company could have increased repurchase obligations and increased losses on repurchases, requiring material increases to its repurchase reserve. The Company s failure to satisfy its obligations as servicer for automobile loan securitizations and residential mortgage loans owned by other entities, and other losses the Company could incur as servicer, could adversely impact the Company s reputation, servicing costs or results of operations The Company services automobile loans on behalf of third-party securitization vehicles and also acts as servicer and master servicer for mortgage loans included in securitizations and for unsecuritized mortgage loans owned by investors. As a servicer or master servicer for those loans, the 

Company has certain contractual obligations to the securitization trusts, investors, or other third parties. As a servicer, the Company s obligations include foreclosing on defaulted loans or, to the extent consistent with the applicable securitization or other investor agreement, considering alternatives to foreclosure such as loan modifications or short sales, as applicable. In the Company s capacity as a master servicer, obligations include overseeing the servicing of mortgage loans by the servicer. Generally, the Company s servicing obligations are set by contract, for which the Company receives a contractual fee. However, with respect to mortgage loans, GSEs can amend their servicing guidelines, which can increase the scope or costs of the services required without any corresponding increase in the Company s servicing fee. As a servicer, the Company also advances expenses on behalf of investors which it may be unable to collect. A material breach of the Company s obligations as servicer or master servicer may result in contract termination if the breach is not cured within a specified period of time following notice. In addition, the Company may be required to indemnify the securitization trustee against losses from any failure by the Company, as a servicer or master servicer, to perform the Company s servicing obligations or any act or omission on the Company s part that involves willful misfeasance, bad faith, or gross negligence. For certain investors and certain transactions, t he Company may be contractually obligated to repurchase a mortgage loan or reimburse the investor for credit losses incurred on the loan as a remedy for servicing errors with respect to the loan. The Company may be subject to increased repurchase obligations as a result of claims made that the Company did not satisfy its obligations as a servicer or master servicer. The Company may also experience increased loss severity on repurchases, which may require a material increase to the Company s repurchase reserve. The Company has and may continue to receive indemnification requests related to the Company s servicing of mortgage loans owned or insured by other parties, primarily GSEs. Credit and Mortgage Business Risk Heightened credit risk could require the Company to increase its provision for credit losses, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations and financial condition When the Company lends money, or commits to lend money, it incurs credit risk, or the risk of losses if its borrowers do not repay their loans. As one of the largest lenders in the United States, the credit performance of the Company s loan portfolios significantly affects its financial results and condition. If the current economic environment were to further deteriorate, the Company s customers may have more difficulty in repaying their loans or other obligations, which could result in a higher level of credit losses and higher provisions for credit losses. Stress on the United States economy or the local economies in which the Company does business, including the economic stress caused by the pandemic, supply chain 

150 

Table of Contents 

disruptions, escalating geopolitical tensions and higher interest rates and inflation, has resulted, and in the future may result, in, among other things, borrowers inability to refinance loans at maturity and unexpected deterioration in credit quality of the loan portfolio or in the value of collateral securing those loans, which has caused, and in the future could cause, the Company to establish higher provisions for credit losses. The Company reserves for credit losses by establishing an allowance through a charge to earnings to provide for loan defaults and nonperformance. The Company s allowance for loan losses is compliant with the CECL methodology, which is based on the portfolio s historical loss experience, an evaluation of the risks associated with its loan portfolio, including the size and composition of the loan portfolio, current and foreseeable economic conditions and borrower and collateral quality. These conditions inform the Company s expected lifetime loss estimates of the portfolio, which is the foundation for the allowance for credit losses. These forecasts and estimates require difficult, subjective, and complex judgments, including forecasts of economic conditions and how these economic predictions might impair the ability of the Company s borrowers to repay their loans. The Company may not be able to accurately predict these economic conditions and/or some or all of their effects, which may, in turn, negatively impact the reliability of the process. The Company also makes loans to borrowers where it does not have or service the loan with the first lien on the property securing its loan. For loans in a junior lien position, the Company may not have access to information on the position or performance of the first lien when it is held and serviced by a third party, which may adversely affect the accuracy of the loss estimates for loans of these types. Increases in the Company s allowance for loan losses may not be adequate to cover actual loan losses, and future provisions for loan losses could materially and adversely affect its financial results. In addition, the Company s ability to assess the creditworthiness of its customers may be impaired if the models and approaches it uses to select, manage, and underwrite its customers become less predictive of future behaviors. A concentration of credit and market risk in the Company s loan portfolio could increase the potential for significant losses The Company may have higher credit risk, or experience higher credit losses, to the extent its loans are concentrated by loan type, industry segment, borrower type, or location of the borrower or collateral. For example, the Company s credit risk and credit losses can increase if borrowers who engage in similar activities are uniquely or disproportionately affected by economic or market conditions, or by regulation, such as regulation related to climate change. Deterioration in economic conditions or real estate values in states or regions where the Company has relatively larger concentrations of residential or commercial real estate could result in higher credit costs. For example, the Company s acquisition of MUB has increased the Company s exposure to the markets in California. Deterioration in real estate 

values and underlying economic conditions in California could result in higher credit losses to the Company. Changes in interest rates can impact the value of the Company s mortgage servicing rights and mortgages held for sale, and can make its mortgage banking revenue volatile from quarter to quarter, which can reduce its earnings The Company has a portfolio of MSRs, which is the right to service a mortgage loan collect principal, interest and escrow amounts for a fee, with a fair value of 3.8 billion as of December 31, 2022. The Company initially carries its MSRs using a fair value measurement of the present value of the estimated future net servicing income, which includes assumptions about the likelihood of prepayment by borrowers. Changes in interest rates can affect prepayment assumptions and thus fair value. When interest rates fall, prepayments tend to increase as borrowers refinance, and the fair value of MSRs can decrease, which in turn reduces the Company s earnings. Further, it is possible that, because of economic conditions and/or a weak or deteriorating housing market, even when interest rates fall, mortgage originations may fall or any increase in mortgage originations may not be enough to offset the decrease in the MSRs value caused by the lower rates. The Company relies on the mortgage secondary market and GSEs for some of the Company s revenue and liquidity The Company sells a portion of the mortgage loans that it originates to increase revenue through origination fees and ongoing servicing of such loans and to provide funding capacity for originating additional loans. GSEs could limit their purchases of conforming loans due to capital constraints, other changes in their criteria for conforming loans or other reasons. This potential reduction in purchases could limit the Company s ability to fund new loans. In addition, if GSEs limited their purchases of conforming loans, the Company may limit its originations of mortgage loans that it intends to sell, which could reduce the Company s revenue from origination fees of such loans and the ongoing servicing fees it receives from such loans. Proposals have been presented to reform the housing finance market in the U.S., including the role of the GSEs in the housing finance market. The extent and timing of any such regulatory reform of the housing finance market and the GSEs, as well as any effect on the Company s business and financial results, are uncertain. A decline in the soundness of other financial institutions could adversely affect the Company s results of operations The Company s ability to engage in routine funding or settlement transactions could be adversely affected by the actions and commercial soundness of other domestic or foreign financial institutions. Financial services institutions are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, counterparty or other relationships. The Company has exposure to many different counterparties, and the Company routinely executes and settles transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, including brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, mutual and 

151 

Table of Contents 

hedge funds, and other institutional clients. As a result, defaults by, or even rumors or questions about, the soundness of one or more financial services institutions, or the financial services industry generally, could lead to losses or defaults by the Company or by other institutions and impact the Company s predominately United States based businesses or the less significant merchant processing, corporate trust and fund administration services businesses it operates in foreign countries. Many of these transactions expose the Company to credit risk in the event of a default by a counterparty or client. In addition, the Company s credit risk may be further increased when the collateral held by the Company cannot be realized upon or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full amount of the financial instrument exposure due the Company. There is no assurance that any such losses would not adversely affect the Company s results of operations. Change in residual value of leased assets may have an adverse impact on the Company s financial results The Company engages in leasing activities and is subject to the risk that the residual value of the property under lease will be less than the Company s recorded asset value. Adverse changes in the residual value of leased assets can have a negative impact on the Company s financial results. The risk of changes in the realized value of the leased assets compared to recorded residual values depends on many factors outside of the Company s control, including supply and demand for the assets, condition of the assets at the end of the lease term, and other economic factors. Liquidity Risk If the Company does not effectively manage its liquidity, its business could suffer The Company s liquidity is essential for the operation of its business. Market conditions, the threat or occurrence of a U.S. sovereign default, unforeseen outflows of funds or other events could negatively affect the Company s level or cost of funding, affecting its ongoing ability to accommodate liability maturities and deposit withdrawals, meet contractual obligations, and fund asset growth and new business transactions at a reasonable cost and in a timely manner. If the Company s access to stable and low-cost sources of funding, such as customer deposits, is reduced, the Company might need to use alternative funding, which could be more expensive or of limited availability. Any substantial, unexpected or prolonged changes in the level or cost of liquidity could adversely affect the Company s business. Loss of customer deposits could increase the Company s funding costs The Company relies on bank deposits to be a low-cost and stable source of funding. The Company competes with banks and other financial services companies for deposits, including those that offer on-line channels. Recent increases in 

short-term interest rates have resulted in and are expected to continue to result in more intense competition in deposit pricing. If the Company s competitors raise the interest rates they pay on deposits, the Company s funding costs may increase, either because the Company raises the interest rates it pays on deposits to avoid losing deposits to competitors or because the Company loses deposits to competitors and must rely on more expensive sources of funding. Higher funding costs reduce the Company s net interest margin and net interest income. Checking and savings account balances and other forms of customer deposits may decrease when customers perceive alternative investments, such as the stock market, as providing a better risk/return tradeoff. When customers move money out of bank deposits and into other investments, the Company may lose a relatively low-cost source of funds, increasing the Company s funding costs and reducing the Company s net interest income. The Company relies on dividends from its subsidiaries for its liquidity needs, and the payment of those dividends is limited by laws and regulations The Company is a separate and distinct legal entity from USBNA, MUB and the Company s non-bank subsidiaries. The Company receives a significant portion of its cash from dividends paid by its subsidiaries. These dividends are the principal source of funds to pay dividends on the Company s stock and interest and principal on its debt. Various federal and state laws and regulations limit the amount of dividends that USBNA, MUB and certain of the Company s non-bank subsidiaries may pay to the Company without regulatory approval. Also, the Company s right to participate in a distribution of assets upon a subsidiary s liquidation or reorganization is subject to prior claims of the subsidiary s creditors, except to the extent that any of the Company s claims as a creditor of that subsidiary may be recognized. Refer to Supervision and Regulation in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information regarding limitations on the amount of dividends USBNA and MUB may pay. Competitive and Strategic Risk The financial services industry is highly competitive, and competitive pressures could intensify and adversely affect the Company s financial results The Company operates in a highly competitive industry that could become even more competitive as a result of legislative, regulatory and technological changes, as well as continued industry consolidation, which may increase in connection with current economic and market conditions. This consolidation may produce larger, better-capitalized and more geographically diverse companies that are capable of offering a wider array of financial products and services at more competitive prices. The Company competes with other commercial banks, savings and loan associations, mutual savings banks, finance companies, mortgage banking 

152 

Table of Contents 

companies, credit unions, investment companies, credit card companies, and a variety of other financial services and advisory companies. Legislative or regulatory changes also could lead to increased competition in the financial services sector. For example, the Economic Growth Act and the Tailoring Rules have reduced the regulatory burden of large bank holding companies, including the Company and some of its competitors, and raised the asset thresholds at which more onerous requirements apply, which could cause certain large bank holding companies with less than 250 billion in total consolidated assets, which were previously subject to more stringent enhanced prudential standards, to become more competitive or to pursue expansion more aggressively. The adoption and rapid growth of new technologies, including cryptocurrencies and blockchain and other distributed ledger technologies, have required the Company to invest resources to adapt its systems, products and services, and it expects to continue to make similar investments. In addition, technology has lowered barriers to entry and made it possible for non-banks to offer products and services, such as loans and payment services, that traditionally were banking products, and made it possible for technology companies to compete with financial institutions in providing electronic, internet-based, and mobile phone based financial solutions. Competition with non-banks, including technology companies, to provide financial products and services is intensifying. In particular, the activity of financial technology companies fintechs has grown significantly over recent years and is expected to continue to grow. Fintechs have and may continue to offer bank or bank-like products. For example, a number of fintechs have applied for bank or industrial loan charters, which, in some cases, have been granted. In addition, other fintechs have partnered with existing banks to allow them to offer deposit products or payment services to their customers. Many of these companies, including the Company s competitors, have fewer regulatory constraints, and some have lower cost structures, in part due to lack of physical structures. Also, the potential need to adapt to industry changes in information technology systems, on which the Company and financial services industry are highly dependent, could present operational issues and require capital spending. The Company s ability to compete successfully depends on a number of factors, including, among others, its ability to develop and execute strategic plans and initiatives; developing, maintaining and building long-term customer relationships based on quality service, competitive prices, high ethical standards and safe, sound assets; and industry and general economic trends. A failure to compete effectively could contribute to downward price pressure on the Company s products or services or a loss of market share. The Company may need to lower prices on existing products and services and develop and introduce new products and services to maintain market share The Company s success depends, in part, on its ability to adapt its products and services to evolving industry standards. There is increasing pressure to provide products and services at lower 

prices. Lower prices can reduce the Company s net interest margin and revenues from its fee-based products and services. In addition, the adoption of new technologies or further developments in current technologies require the Company to make substantial expenditures to modify or adapt its existing products and services. Also, these and other capital investments in the Company s businesses may not produce expected growth in earnings anticipated at the time of the expenditure. The Company might not be successful in developing or introducing new products and services, adapting to changing customer preferences and spending and saving habits (which may be altered significantly and with little warning), achieving market acceptance of its products and services, or sufficiently developing and maintaining loyal customer relationships. The Company may not be able to complete future acquisitions, and completed acquisitions may not produce revenue enhancements or cost savings at levels or within timeframes originally anticipated, may result in unforeseen integration difficulties, and may dilute existing shareholders interests The Company regularly explores opportunities to acquire financial services businesses or assets and may also consider opportunities to acquire other banks or financial institutions. The Company cannot predict the number, size or timing of acquisitions it might pursue. The Company must generally receive federal regulatory approval before it can acquire a bank or bank holding company. The Company s ability to pursue or complete an attractive acquisition could be negatively impacted by regulatory delay or other regulatory issues. The Company cannot be certain when or if, or on what terms and conditions, any required regulatory approvals will be granted. For example, the Company may be required to sell branches as a condition to receiving regulatory approval for bank acquisitions. If the Company commits certain regulatory violations, including those that result in a downgrade in certain of the Company s bank regulatory ratings, governmental authorities could, as a consequence, preclude it from pursuing future acquisitions for a period of time. There can be no assurance that acquisitions the Company completes, including its recently completed acquisition of MUB, will have the anticipated positive results, including results related to expected revenue increases, cost savings, increases in geographic or product presence, and/or other projected benefits. The Company may incur substantial expenses related to acquisitions and integration of acquired companies. Successful integration of an acquired company, including MUB, may present challenges due to differences in systems, operations, policies and procedures, management teams and corporate cultures and may be more costly or difficult to complete than anticipated or have unanticipated adverse results. Integration efforts could divert management s attention and resources, which could adversely affect the Company s operations or results. Integration efforts could result in higher than expected customer loss, deposit attrition, loss of key employees, issues with systems and technology, disruption of the Company s businesses or the 

153 

Table of Contents 

businesses of the acquired company, or otherwise adversely affect the Company s ability to maintain relationships with customers and employees or achieve the anticipated benefits of the acquisition. Also, the negative effect of any divestitures required by regulatory authorities in acquisitions or business combinations may be greater than expected. In addition, future acquisitions may also expose the Company to increased legal or regulatory risks. Finally, future acquisitions could be material to the Company, and it may issue additional shares of stock to pay for those acquisitions, which would dilute current shareholders ownership interests. Accounting and Tax Risk The Company s reported financial results depend on management s selection of accounting methods and certain assumptions and estimates, which, if incorrect, could cause unexpected losses in the future The Company s accounting policies and methods are fundamental to how the Company records and reports its financial condition and results of operations. The Company s management must exercise judgment in selecting and applying many of these accounting policies and methods, so they comply with generally accepted accounting principles and reflect management s judgment regarding the most appropriate manner to report the Company s financial condition and results of operations. In some cases, management must select the accounting policy or method to apply from two or more alternatives, any of which might be reasonable under the circumstances, yet might result in the Company s reporting materially different results than would have been reported under a different alternative. Certain accounting policies are critical to presenting the Company s financial condition and results of operations. They require management to make difficult, subjective or complex judgments about matters that are uncertain. Materially different amounts could be reported under different conditions or using different assumptions or estimates. These critical accounting policies include the allowance for credit losses, estimations of fair value, the valuation of MSRs, and income taxes. Because of the uncertainty of estimates involved in these matters, the Company may be required to do one or more of the following: significantly increase the allowance for credit losses and/or sustain credit losses that are significantly higher than the reserve provided, recognize significant losses on the remeasurement of certain asset and liability balances, or significantly increase its accrued taxes liability. For more information, refer to Critical Accounting Policies in this Annual Report. The Company s investments in certain tax-advantaged projects may not generate returns as anticipated and may have an adverse impact on the Company s financial results The Company invests in certain tax-advantaged projects promoting affordable housing, community development and renewable energy resources. The Company s investments in these projects are designed to generate a return primarily through 

the realization of federal and state income tax credits, and other tax benefits, over specified time periods. The Company is subject to the risk that previously recorded tax credits, which remain subject to recapture by taxing authorities based on compliance features required to be met at the project level, will fail to meet certain government compliance requirements and will not be able to be realized. The possible inability to realize these tax credit and other tax benefits can have a negative impact on the Company s financial results. The risk of not being able to realize the tax credits and other tax benefits depends on many factors outside of the Company s control, including changes in the applicable tax code and the ability of the projects to be completed. General Risk Factors The Company s framework for managing risks may not be effective in mitigating risk and loss to the Company The Company s risk management framework seeks to mitigate risk and loss. The Company has established processes and procedures intended to identify, measure, monitor, report, and analyze the types of risk to which it is subject, including liquidity risk, credit risk, market risk, interest rate risk, compliance risk, strategic risk, reputation risk, and operational risk related to its employees, systems and vendors, among others. However, as with any risk management framework, there are inherent limitations to the Company s risk management strategies as there may exist, or develop in the future, risks that it has not appropriately anticipated or identified. In addition, the Company relies on quantitative models to measure certain risks and to estimate certain financial values, and these models could fail to predict future events or exposures accurately. The Company must also develop and maintain a culture of risk management among its employees, as well as manage risks associated with third parties, and could fail to do so effectively. If the Company s risk management framework proves ineffective, the Company could incur litigation and negative regulatory consequences, and suffer unexpected losses that could affect its financial condition or results of operations. The Company s business could suffer if it fails to attract and retain skilled employees The Company s success depends, in large part, on its ability to attract and retain key employees. Competition for the best people in most activities the Company engages in can be intense. The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic had a significant impact on the longer-term labor and employment market, including heightened pressures on employers to increase compensation and provide work-from-home, hybrid and other flexible working arrangements. Employees have shifted their focus to expectations that extend beyond compensation, including better work-life balance, improved advancement opportunities and improved training, and many businesses, including the Company, have had to adapt quickly to the changing environment. The Company s ability to compete successfully for talent has been and may continue to be affected 

154 

Table of Contents 

by its ability to adapt quickly to such shifts in employee focus, and there is no assurance that these developments will not cause increased turnover or impede the Company s ability to retain and attract the highest caliber employees. A downgrade in the Company s credit ratings could have a material adverse effect on its liquidity, funding costs and access to capital markets The Company s credit ratings, which are subject to credit agencies ongoing review of a number of factors, including factors not within the Company s control such as the threat or occurrence of a U.S. sovereign default, are important to the Company s liquidity. A reduction in one or more of the Company s credit ratings could adversely affect its liquidity, increase its funding costs or limit its access to the capital markets. Further, a downgrade could decrease the number of investors and counterparties willing or able, contractually or otherwise, to do business with or lend to the Company, thereby 

adversely affecting the Company s competitive position. There can be no assurance that the Company will maintain its current ratings and outlooks. Changes in accounting standards could materially impact the Company s financial statements From time to time, the Financial Accounting Standards Board and the United States Securities and Exchange Commission change the financial accounting and reporting standards that govern the preparation of the Company s financial statements. These changes can be hard to predict and can materially impact how the Company records and reports its financial condition and results of operations. The Company could be required to apply a new or revised standard retroactively or apply an existing standard differently, on a retroactive basis, in each case potentially resulting in the Company restating prior period financial statements. 

155 

Table of Contents 

Managing Committee Andrew Cecere Mr. Cecere is Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of U.S. Bancorp. Mr. Cecere, 62, has served as President of U.S. Bancorp since January 2016, Chief Executive Officer since April 2017 and Chairman since April 2018. He also served as Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer from January 2015 to January 2016 and was U.S. Bancorp s Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer from February 2007 until January 2015. Until that time, he served as Vice Chairman, Wealth Management and Investment Services, of U.S. Bancorp since the merger of Firstar Corporation and U.S. Bancorp in February 2001. Previously, he had served as an executive officer of the former U.S. Bancorp, including as Chief Financial Officer from 2000 through 2001. Souheil S. Badran Mr. Badran is Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer of U.S. Bancorp. Mr. Badran, 58, has served in this position since joining U.S. Bancorp in December 2022. From January 2019 until November 2022, he served as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer at Northwestern Mutual, having also served as Chief Innovation Officer from January 2019 until September 2019. Previously Mr. Badran served as President of Alibaba s Alipay business in the Americas from August 2016 until August 2018. From 2015 to 2016, Mr. Badran served as CEO at Edo Interactive, and from 2011 to 2015, he served as Senior Vice President and General Manager at Digital River. Elcio R.T. Barcelos Mr. Barcelos is Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer of U.S. Bancorp. Mr. Barcelos, 52, has served in this position since joining U.S. Bancorp in September 2020. From April 2018 until August 2020, he served as Senior Vice President and Chief People and Places Officer of the Federal National Mortgage Association (Fannie Mae), having served as Senior Vice President, Human Resources of the DXC Technology Company from April 2017 to March 2018. Previously, Mr. Barcelos served as Senior Vice President and Head of Human Resources for the Enterprise Services business of Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company from June 2015 to April 2017, and in other human resources senior leadership positions at Hewlett-Packard Company and Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company from July 2009 to June 2015. He previously served in various leadership roles at Wells Fargo and Bank of America. James L. Chosy Mr. Chosy is Senior Executive Vice President and General Counsel of U.S. Bancorp. Mr. Chosy, 59, has served in this position since March 2013. He also served as Corporate 

Secretary of U.S. Bancorp from March 2013 until April 2016. From 2001 to 2013, he served as the General Counsel and Secretary of Piper Jaffray Companies. From 1995 to 2001, Mr. Chosy was Vice President and Associate General Counsel of U.S. Bancorp, having also served as Assistant Secretary of U.S. Bancorp from 1995 through 2000 and as Secretary from 2000 until 2001. Gregory G. Cunningham Mr. Cunningham is Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Diversity Officer of U.S. Bancorp. Mr. Cunningham, 59, has served in this position since July 2020. From July 2019 until July 2020, he served as Senior Vice President and Chief Diversity Officer of U.S. Bancorp, having served as Vice President of Customer Engagement of U.S. Bancorp from October 2015, when he joined U.S. Bancorp, until July 2019. Previously, Mr. Cunningham served in various roles in the marketing department of Target Corporation from January 1998 until March 2015. Venkatachari Dilip Mr. Dilip is Executive Vice President and Global Chief Information and Technology Officer of U.S. Bancorp. Mr. Dilip, 63, has served in this position since September 2018, when he joined U.S. Bancorp. From May 2014 until July 2017, he served as Vice President at McKinsey Digital where he helped banks accelerate their digital transformation. From April 2009 to September 2013, he served as CEO at Compass Labs leading an innovative marketing analytics company. From March 2006 until April 2008, he served as Director of Products at Google where he led product teams for mobile ads and Google Checkout. From March 2004 until March 2006, he served as Vice President of PayPal/eBay and on the Board of PayPal Europe, where he was responsible for Payments Services, Risk and Fraud Management. Previously, Mr. Dilip co-founded and led startup companies CashEdge and CommerceSoft from 1996 until 2003. Terrance R. Dolan Mr. Dolan is Vice Chair and Chief Financial Officer of U.S. Bancorp. Mr. Dolan, 61, has served in this position since August 2016. From July 2010 to July 2016, he served as Vice Chair, Wealth Management and Investment Services, of U.S. Bancorp. From September 1998 to July 2010, Mr. Dolan served as U.S. Bancorp s Controller. He additionally held the title of Executive Vice President from January 2002 until June 2010 and Senior Vice President from September 1998 until January 2002. Gunjan Kedia Ms. Kedia is Vice Chair, Wealth Management and Investment Services, of U.S. Bancorp. Ms. Kedia, 52, has served in this position since joining U.S. Bancorp in December 2016. From October 2008 until May 2016, she served as Executive Vice President of State Street Corporation where she led the core investment servicing business in North and South America and 

156 

Table of Contents 

served as a member of State Street s management committee, its senior most strategy and policy committee. Previously, Ms. Kedia was an Executive Vice President of global product management at Bank of New York Mellon from 2004 to 2008 and a Partner and associate at McKinsey from 1996 to 2004. James B. Kelligrew Mr. Kelligrew is Vice Chair, Corporate and Commercial Banking, of U.S. Bancorp. Mr. Kelligrew, 57, has served in this position since January 2016. From March 2014 until December 2015, he served as Executive Vice President, Fixed Income and Capital Markets, of U.S. Bancorp, having served as Executive Vice President, Credit Fixed Income, of U.S. Bancorp from May 2009 to March 2014. Prior to that time, he held various leadership positions with Wells Fargo Securities from 2003 to 2009. Shailesh M. Kotwal Mr. Kotwal is Vice Chair, Payment Services, of U.S. Bancorp. Mr. Kotwal, 58, has served in this position since joining U.S. Bancorp in March 2015. From July 2008 until May 2014, he served as Executive Vice President of TD Bank Group with responsibility for retail banking products and services and as Chair of its enterprise payments council. From 2006 until 2008, he served as President, International, of eFunds Corporation. Previously, Mr. Kotwal served in various leadership roles at American Express Company from 1989 until 2006, including responsibility for operations in North and South America, Europe and the Asia-Pacific regions. Katherine B. Quinn Ms. Quinn is Vice Chair and Chief Administrative Officer of U.S. Bancorp. Ms. Quinn, 58, has served in this position since April 2017. From September 2013 to April 2017, she served as Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy and Reputation Officer of U.S. Bancorp and has served on U.S. Bancorp s Managing Committee since January 2015. From September 2010 until January 2013, she served as Chief Marketing Officer of WellPoint, Inc. (now known as Anthem, Inc.), having served as Head of Corporate Marketing of WellPoint from July 2005 until September 2010. Jodi L. Richard Ms. Richard is Vice Chair and Chief Risk Officer of U.S. Bancorp. Ms. Richard, 54, has served in this position since October 2018. She served as Executive Vice President and Chief Operational Risk Officer of U.S. Bancorp from January 2018 until October 2018, having served as Senior Vice President and Chief Operational Risk Officer from 2014 until January 2018. Prior to that time, Ms. Richard held various senior leadership roles at HSBC from 2003 until 2014, including Executive Vice President and Head of Operational Risk and Internal Control at HSBC North 

America from 2008 to 2014. Ms. Richard started her career at the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency in 1990 as a national bank examiner. Mark G. Runkel Mr. Runkel is Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Transformation Officer of U.S. Bancorp. Mr. Runkel, 46, has served in this position since August 2021. From December 2013 to August 2021, he served as Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Credit Officer. From February 2011 until December 2013, he served as Senior Vice President and Credit Risk Group Manager of U.S. Bancorp Retail and Payment Services Credit Risk Management, having served as Senior Vice President and Risk Manager of U.S. Bancorp Retail and Small Business Credit Risk Management from June 2009 until February 2011. From March 2005 until May 2009, he served as Vice President and Risk Manager of U.S. Bancorp. Dominic V. Venturo Mr. Venturo is Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Digital Officer of U.S. Bancorp. Mr. Venturo, 56, has served in this position since July 2020. From January 2015 until July 2020, he served as Executive Vice President and Chief Innovation Officer of U.S. Bancorp, having served as Senior Vice President and Chief Innovation Officer of U.S. Bancorp Payment Services from January 2010 until January 2015. From January 2007 to December 2009, Mr. Venturo served as Senior Vice President and Chief Innovation Officer of U.S. Bancorp Retail Payment Solutions. Prior to that time, he served as Senior Vice President and held product management positions in various U.S. Bancorp Payment Services business lines from December 1998 to December 2006. Jeffry H. von Gillern Mr. von Gillern is Vice Chair, Technology and Operations Services, of U.S. Bancorp. Mr. von Gillern, 57, has served in this position since July 2010. From April 2001, when he joined U.S. Bancorp, until July 2010, Mr. von Gillern served as Executive Vice President of U.S. Bancorp, additionally serving as Chief Information Officer from July 2007 until July 2010. Timothy A. Welsh Mr. Welsh is Vice Chair, Consumer and Business Banking, of U.S. Bancorp. Mr. Welsh, 57, has served in this position since March 2019. Prior to that, he served as Vice Chair, Consumer Banking Sales and Support since joining U.S. Bancorp in July 2017. From July 2006 until June 2017, he served as a Senior Partner at McKinsey Company where he specialized in financial services and the consumer experience. Previously, Mr. Welsh served as a Partner at McKinsey from 1999 to 2006. 

157 

Table of Contents 

Directors 
 Andrew Cecere 1 ,3,7 Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer U.S. Bancorp Warner L. Baxter 1,2,4 Executive Chairman and Former Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Ameren Corporation (Energy) Dorothy J. Bridges 1,6,7 Chief Executive Officer Metropolitan Economic Development Association (Meda) (Economic Development) Elizabeth L. Buse 2,3 Former Chief Executive Officer Monitise plc (Financial services) Alan B. Colberg 2,6 Retired President and Chief Executive Officer Assurant, Inc. (Financial services and specialty insurance) Kimberly N. Ellison-Taylor 2,6 Founder and Chief Executive Officer KET Solutions, LLC (Technology) Kimberly J. Harris 1,4,5 Retired President and Chief Executive Officer Puget Energy, Inc. (Energy) 
 
 Roland A. Hernandez 1,3,5 Founding Principal and Chief Executive Officer Hernandez Media Ventures (Media) Olivia F. Kirtley 1,4,5 Business Consultant (Consulting) Richard P. McKenney 1,5,7 President and Chief Executive Officer Unum Group (Financial protection benefits) Yusuf I. Mehdi 6,7 Corporate Vice President Microsoft Corporation (Technology) Loretta E. Reynolds 3,7 Founder and Chief Executive Officer LEReynolds Group, LLC (Information Technology) John P. Wiehoff 6,7 Retired Chairman and Chief Executive Officer C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc. (Transportation and logistics services) Scott W. Wine 1,2,4 Chief Executive Officer CNH Industrial N.V. (Agricultural machinery) 

1. 
 Executive Committee 

2. 
 Audit Committee 

3. 
 Capital Planning Committee 

4. 
 Compensation and Human Resources Committee 

5. 
 Governance Committee 

6. 
 Public Responsibility Committee 

7. 
 Risk Management Committee 

158 

</EX-13>

<EX-21>
 4
 d410791dex21.htm
 EX-21

EX-21 

EXHIBIT 21 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF U.S. BANCORP 
 (JURISDICTIONS OF ORGANIZATION SHOWN IN PARENTHESES) 
 111 Tower Investors, Inc. (Minnesota) 
 Banctech Processing Services, LLC (Florida) 
 Bento Technologies, Inc. (Delaware) 
 BondResource Partners, LLC (Pennsylvania) 
 BondResource Partners, LP (Delaware) 
 CenPOS, LLC (Florida) Daimler Title
Co. (Delaware) DM Liens Inc. (Delaware) 
 DSL Service Company (California) Eclipse
Funding LLC (Delaware) EFS Depositary Nominees Limited (Ireland) 
 Elavon Canada Company (Canada) Elavon
Digital (GB) Limited (United Kingdom) Elavon Digital Europe Limited (United Kingdom) 
 Elavon European Holdings B.V. (Ireland) 
 Elavon Financial Services DAC (Ireland) 
 Elavon Latin American Holdings, LLC (Delaware) 
 Elavon Puerto Rico, Inc. (Puerto Rico) 
 Elavon, Inc. (Georgia) Fairfield
Financial Group, Inc. (Illinois) Finn Title Co. (Delaware) 
 First Bank LaCrosse Building Corp. (Wisconsin) 
 First LaCrosse Properties (Wisconsin) 
 First Payment System Holdings, Inc. (Florida) 
 First Payment Systems, LLC (Florida) 
 Firstar Capital Corporation (Ohio) 
 Firstar Development, LLC (Delaware) 
 Firstar Realty, L.L.C. (Illinois) 

Fixed Income Client Solutions LLC (Delaware) 
 FSV Payment Systems, Inc. (Delaware) 
 HighMark Capital Management, Inc. (California) 
 HTD Leasing LLC (Delaware) HVT,
Inc. (Delaware) Integrated Logistics, LLC (Georgia) 
 Mercantile Mortgage Financial Company (Illinois) 
 Midwest Indemnity Inc. (Vermont) 
 Mississippi Valley Company (Arizona) MMCA
Lease Services, Inc. (Delaware) MUFG Union Bank, N.A. (a nationally chartered banking association) 
 Norse Nordics AB (Sweden) NuMaMe,
LLC (Delaware) One Eleven Investors LLC (Delaware) 
 Park Bank Initiatives, Inc. (Illinois) 
 PFM Asset Management LLC (Delaware) PFM
Financial Services LLC (Delaware) PFM Fund Distributors, Inc. (Pennsylvania) 
 Pomona Financial Services, Inc. (California) 
 Pullman Transformation, Inc. (Delaware) 
 Quintillion Services Limited (Ireland) 
 Red Sky Risk Services, LLC (Delaware) 
 RTRT, Inc. (Delaware) Rushmore Loan
Solutions, LLC (Delaware) SCBD, LLC (Delaware) 
 SCDA, LLC (Delaware) SCFD
LLC (Delaware) SFS Lien Agent, LLC (Delaware) 
 Syncada Asia Pacific Private Limited (Singapore) 
 Syncada Canada ULC (Canada) Syncada India
Operations Private Limited (India) Syncada LLC (Delaware) 
 Talech Belize Limited (Belize) 

Talech International Limited (Ireland) 
 Talech Lithuania, UAB (Lithuania) Talech,
Inc. (Delaware) Tarquad Corporation (Missouri) 
 The California-Sansome Corporation (California) 
 The Miami Valley Insurance Company (Arizona) 
 TLT Leasing Corp. (Delaware) TMTT,
Inc. (Delaware) Travelator Inc. (Delaware) 
 U.S. Bancorp Asset Management, Inc. (Delaware) 
 U.S. Bancorp Community Development Corporation (Minnesota) 
 U.S. Bancorp Community Investment Corporation (Delaware) 
 U.S. Bancorp Fund Services, LLC (Wisconsin) 
 U.S. Bancorp Government Leasing and Finance, Inc. (Minnesota) 
 U.S. Bancorp Insurance Company, Inc. (Vermont) 
 U.S. Bancorp Insurance Services, LLC (Wisconsin) 
 U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc. (Delaware) 
 U.S. Bancorp Missouri Low-Income Housing Tax Credit Fund, L.L.C. (Missouri) 
 U.S. Bancorp Municipal Lending and Finance, Inc. (Minnesota) 
 U.S. Bank Global Corporate Trust Limited (United Kingdom) 
 U.S. Bank Global Fund Services (Cayman) Limited (Cayman Islands) 
 U.S. Bank Global Fund Services (Guernsey) Limited (Guernsey) 
 U.S. Bank Global Fund Services (Ireland) Limited (Ireland) 
 U.S. Bank Global Fund Services (Luxembourg) S.a.r.l. (Luxembourg) 
 U.S. Bank National Association (a nationally chartered banking association) 
 U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (a nationally chartered banking association) 
 U.S. Bank Trust National Association (a nationally chartered banking association) 
 U.S. Bank Trust National Association SD (a nationally chartered banking association) 
 U.S. Bank Trustees Limited (United Kingdom) 
 UBOC Community Development Corporation (California) 
 UnionBanc Investment Services LLC (Delaware) 
 UnionBanCal Mortgage Corporation (California) 
 USB Americas Holdings Company (Delaware) 

USB Capital IX (Delaware) 
 USB European Holdings Company (Delaware) 
 USB Investment Services (Holdings) Limited (Ireland) 
 USB Leasing LLC (Delaware) USB Leasing
LT (Delaware) USB Nominees (GCT) Limited (Ireland) 
 USB Nominees (UK) Limited (United Kingdom) 
 USB Realty Corp. (Delaware) USB
Securities Data Services Limited (Ireland) USB Service Company Holdings, Inc. (Delaware) 
 USBCDE, LLC (Delaware) VT
Inc. (Alabama) Wideworld Payment Solutions, LLC (Florida) 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 5
 d410791dex23.htm
 EX-23

EX-23 

Exhibit 23 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements: 

Form 
 
 Registration Statement No. 

Purpose 

S-3 

333-237082 

Shelf Registration Statement 
 
 S-8 

333-74036 

U.S. Bancorp 2001 Stock Incentive Plan 
 
 S-8 

333-100671 

U.S. Bancorp 401(k) Savings Plan 
 
 S-8 

333-203620 

U.S. Bancorp 2015 Stock Incentive Plan 
 
 S-8 

333-142194 

Various benefit plans of U.S. Bancorp 
 
 S-8 

333-166193 

Various benefit plans of U.S. Bancorp 
 
 S-8 

333-189506 

Various benefit plans of U.S. Bancorp 
 
 S-8 

333-195375 

Various benefit plans of U.S. Bancorp 
 
 S-8 

333-227999 

Various benefit plans of U.S. Bancorp 
 
 S-8 

333-268116 

Various benefit plans of U.S. Bancorp 
 of our reports dated February 27, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of U.S. Bancorp and the
effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of U.S. Bancorp, included in this 2022 Annual Report to Shareholders of U.S. Bancorp, which is incorporated by reference in this Annual Report (Form
 10-K) of U.S. Bancorp for the year ended December 31, 2022. /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 Minneapolis, Minnesota February 27, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-24>
 6
 d410791dex24.htm
 EX-24

EX-24 

Exhibit 24 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY KNOW
ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each of the undersigned directors of U.S. Bancorp, a Delaware corporation, hereby makes, constitutes and appoints Andrew Cecere and James L. Chosy, and each of them, his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead in any and all capacities, to sign one
or more Annual Reports for the Company s fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 on Form 10-K under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or such other form as any such attorney-in-fact may deem necessary or desirable, any amendments or supplements thereto, and all additional amendments or supplements thereto, each in such form as they or any
one of them may approve, and to file the same with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said
 attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done so that such
Annual Report shall comply with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the applicable Rules and Regulations adopted or issued pursuant thereto, as fully and to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby
ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them or their substitute or resubstitute, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue
hereof. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the undersigned has set his or her hand this 24th day of January, 2023. 

/s/ Warner L. Baxter 

/s/ Olivia F. Kirtley 
 
 Warner L. Baxter 

Olivia F. Kirtley 

/s/ Dorothy J. Bridges 

/s/ Richard P. McKenney 
 
 Dorothy J. Bridges 

Richard P. McKenney 

/s/ Elizabeth L. Buse 

/s/ Yusuf I. Mehdi 
 
 Elizabeth L. Buse 

Yusuf I. Mehdi 

/s/ Alan B. Colberg 

/s/ Loretta E. Reynolds 
 
 Alan B. Colberg 

Loretta E. Reynolds 

/s/ Kimberly N. Ellison-Taylor 

/s/ John P. Wiehoff 
 
 Kimberly N. Ellison-Taylor 

John P. Wiehoff 

/s/ Kimberly J. Harris 

/s/ Scott W. Wine 
 
 Kimberly J. Harris 

Scott W. Wine 

/s/ Roland A. Hernandez 
 Roland A. Hernandez 

</EX-24>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 d410791dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULE 13a-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 I, Andrew Cecere, certify that: 

(1) 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of U.S. Bancorp;

(2) 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

(3) 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

(4) 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is
being prepared; 

(b) 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles; 

(c) 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and 

(5) 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ A NDREW C ECERE 

Andrew Cecere 
 
 Dated: February 27, 2023 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 d410791dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULE 13a-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 I, Terrance R. Dolan, certify that: 

(1) 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of U.S. Bancorp;

(2) 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

(3) 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

(4) 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is
being prepared; 

(b) 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles; 

(c) 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and 

(5) 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ TERRANCE R. DOLAN 

Terrance R. Dolan 
 
 Dated: February 27, 2023 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 9
 d410791dex32.htm
 EX-32

EX-32 

EXHIBIT 32 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned, Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer of U.S. Bancorp, a Delaware corporation (the Company ), do hereby certify that: (1) The Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (the Form 10-K of the Company fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all
material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ ANDREW CECERE 

/s/ TERRANCE R. DOLAN 
 
 Andrew Cecere 

Terrance R. Dolan 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Chief Financial Officer 
 Dated: February 27, 2023 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 usb-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 usb-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 usb-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 usb-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

