<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1389518_0001493152-23-010074.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>20013216</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>564381</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>9429320</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4179008</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2213603</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3377608</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-010074.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331132327
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-010074
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		98
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Clubhouse Media Group, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001389518
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-AMUSEMENT & RECREATION SERVICES [7900]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-140645
		FILM NUMBER:		23786197

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3651 LINDELL ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE D517
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89103
		BUSINESS PHONE:		702-479-3016

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3651 LINDELL ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE D517
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89103

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Tongji Healthcare Group, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070209

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-010074.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period 
from to 

Commission
file number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, 
 , 

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Securities
registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: 

N/A 

(Title
of class) 

N/A 

(Title
of class) 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

Yes

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

No 

Note
 Checking the box above will not relieve any registrant required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange
Act from their obligations under those Sections. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). 

No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Ex- change Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based
compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to
 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock outstanding, other than shares held by persons who may be deemed affiliates
of the registrant, computed by reference to the closing sales price for the registrant s common stock on June 30, 2022 (the last
business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter), as reported on the OTC Markets Group, Inc., was
approximately . 

As
of March 31, 2023, there were shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share, of the registrant issued and outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Some
of the statements contained in this annual report may constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the federal
securities laws. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management team s
expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts
or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The
words anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, 
 intend, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, 
 project, should, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but
the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. 

The
forward-looking statements contained in this annual report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments
and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated.
These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions
that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements.
These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the following risks, uncertainties and other factors: 

the implementation of our
 strategic plans for our business; 

our financial performance; 

fluctuations in the number
 of influencers that we contract with and their number of social media followers; 

developments relating to
 our competitors and our industry, including the impact of government regulation; 

estimates of our expenses,
 future revenues, capital requirements and our needs for additional financing; and 

other risks and uncertainties,
 including those listed under the captions Business, Risk Factors, and Management s Discussion
 and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

Should
one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in
material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking
statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities
laws. 

2 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business. 

In
this Annual Report on Form 10-K, unless the context indicates otherwise, Clubhouse Media, the Company, we, 
 our, ours or us refer to Clubhouse Media Group, Inc., a Nevada corporation, and its subsidiaries,
including West of Hudson Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its subsidiaries. 

Business
Overview 

We
are a social media firm and digital agency. Our Company deal-making services through our digital agency a creator content monetization
platform, and an investment arm for joint ventures and acquisitions for companies in the social media influencer space. Our management
team consists of successful entrepreneurs with financial, legal, marketing, and digital content creation expertise. 

Through
our subsidiary, West of Hudson Group, Inc. WOHG ), we currently generate revenues primarily from (i) through Doiyen, LLC Doiyen ), a 100 wholly owned subsidiary of WOHG, talent management of social media influencers; (ii) through WOH Brands,
LLC WOH Brands ), a 100 wholly owned subsidiary of WOHG, which operates Honeydrip.com, a
new digital platform with a focus on the empowerment of creators. The site allows creators to connect with fans and sell exclusive photo
and video content ; (iii) through The Reiman Agency, a 51 majority held joint venture which brokers brand promotional deals between
brands and talent. 

WOHG
is either 100 owner and sole member and manager of each of these entities, or a majority controlling shareholder pursuant to each of
the limited liability company agreements and bylaws, where applicable, that govern these entities, and has complete and exclusive discretion
in the management and control of the affairs and business of WOH Brands, Doiyen, The Reiman Agency, and Magiclytics possesses all powers
necessary to carry out the purposes and business of these entities. WOHG is entitled to the receipt of all income (and/or losses) that
these entities generate. 

In
addition to the above, WOHG is the 100 owner of two other limited liability companies Clubhouse Studios, LLC, which holds most
of our intellectual property, and DAK Brands, LLC, each incorporated in the State of Delaware on May 13, 2020. However, each of these
entities has minimal or no operations, and is not intended to have any material operations in the near future. 

For
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, Clubhouse Media generated revenues of 6,283,691 and reported a net loss of 7,525,731 and negative
cash flow from operating activities of 1,958,875. As noted in the consolidated financial statements of Clubhouse Media, as of December
31, 2022, Clubhouse Media had an accumulated deficit of 32,814,971. There is substantial doubt regarding the ability of
Clubhouse Media to continue as a going concern as a result of its historical recurring losses and negative cash flows from operations
as well as its dependence on private equity and financings. See Risk Factors Clubhouse Media has a history of operating
losses and its management has concluded that factors raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern and the
auditor of Clubhouse Media has included explanatory paragraphs relating to its ability to continue as a going concern in its audit report
for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. 

Principal
Products and Services 

Our
current principal products and services are comprised of (i) our digital agency and (ii) Honeydrip.com. 

The
Clubhouse Online Presence 

The
Clubhouse network previously consisted of physical locations. In 2022, we determined to focus exclusively on our digital agency
and creator monetization platform. Accordingly, we closed our physical Clubhouses in 2021. There are numerous Clubhouse 
accounts owned by The Clubhouse, with a following across Instagram, Snapchat, YouTube, and TikTok. These accounts are directly held by
us (as opposed to the Clubhouse team of influencers) and therefore we have direct access to the followers of these accounts, which we
consider to be our followers. 

Talent
Management and Digital Agency Services 

Doiyen,
our indirectly wholly owned subsidiary, is a talent management company and digital agency for social media influencers and generates
revenues based on the earnings of its influencer-clients (or Creators by receiving a percentage of the earnings of its
Creators. Certain influencers enter into an Exclusive Management Agreement (each, a Management Agreement ). Through Doiyen,
we seek to represent some of the world s top talent in the world of social media. We plan to hire experienced talent and management
agents as well as build our support and administrative resources seeking to expand operations. Our influencers include entertainers,
content creators, and style icons. 

We
are dedicated to helping Doiyen s influencer-clients build their brands, maintain creative control of their destinies, and diversify
and grow their businesses through The Clubhouse, providing them opportunities to increase their monetization potential
and amplify their reach. 

Paid
Promotion 

Doiyen
and its Creators (both contracted and third party) primarily generate revenue from companies paying for promotion for their brands, products,
and/or services. 

The
primary type of arrangement through which we will receive revenues from these activities through Doiyen is: 

(i) 
 As a talent management
 company and digital agency, Doiyen generates revenues based on the earnings of its influencer-clients Creators by receiving a percentage
 of the earnings of its Creators. Creators are often sought after directly by companies for specific branding and/or promotional opportunities.
 In these situations, the client-company would contract with the Creator directly, and such services provided by the Creator would
 fall under the Management Agreement, and Doiyen would receive a percentage of the earnings of the Creator for such services as described
 above. 

3 

Brand
Development and Content Creation 

Through
WOH Brands, a 100 wholly owned subsidiary of WOHG, we engage and also plan to engage in a number of activities with respect to brand
development and incubation, content creation, and technology development, as follows: 

Content Creation :
 original long and short form content creation for streaming services or other platforms involved in content distribution; 

Brand Development and
 Product Sales : acquiring or creating in-house brands and selling products in various categories, including apparel, beauty, and
 other lifestyle brands; and 

Technology: Through
 Magiclytics, we provide predictive analytics for content creation brand deals. In September 2021, the Company launched its subscription-based
 site HoneyDrip.com, a new digital platform designed and owned by Clubhouse Media Group with a focus on the empowerment of creators.
 The site allows creators to connect with fans and sell exclusive photo and video content 

Brand
Development 

On
May 19, 2020, WOH Brands began to engage in brand development, with a focus on creating apparel, beauty, and other lifestyle brands with
quality product offerings. Through WOH Brands, our indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary, we intend to acquire, enter into joint ventures
or launch best-in-class brands with an objective of innovation and product uniqueness, derived from demographic data, market research,
and omni-channel experiences. 

WOH
Brands is primarily focused on creating brands on our behalf and may consider joint-ventures with other established companies in the
consumer-packaged goods space for purposes of brand and production creation. WOH Brands will not provide its branding or product services
to third parties outside of the Clubhouse Media-family of companies other than companies with which it may enter into a joint venture
or other companies it contracts with to do so. 

As
of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K , WOH Brands has only sold a minimal amount of products, and has only generated minimal
revenues. 

Content
Creation 

WOH
Brands acts as an internal studio for us, with the ability to develop ideas for, produce, and film content. 

Magiclytics
provides predictive analytics for content creation brand deals. 

As
of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, WOH Brands activities in this area have been limited to assisting in the development
and management of the wholly owned creator content monetization platform, Honeydrip.com. 

Planned
Operations 

Brand Development. 
 As stated above, WOH Brands intends to acquire, enter into joint ventures with, or create new brands in apparel, beauty, and other
 lifestyle categories in the future. We believe that we are in a unique position to gather data intelligence from our dealings with
 paid brand deals. While companies pay Doiyen and our influencers to promote their products or services, we gain firsthand insight
 into what type of brands (and their corresponding products and services) resonate with our demographic. We believe that this information
 better positions WOH Brands in deciding what type of product or service to acquire or build. WOH Brands will not provide its brand
 development services to third parties outside of the Clubhouse Media-family of companies, but may engage in joint ventures with third
 parties. 

Content Creation. 
 In the future, WOH Brands intends to create entertainment content for streaming services and other platforms in the entertainment
 and/or social media space. WOH Brands expects it could receive ad revenues, revenues for licensing, and/or revenues for sales of
 content to purchasers in this space. 

Technology Development
 / Software. WOH Brands also intends to continue to develop its Magiclytics software, which provides predictive ROI on influencer
 campaigns. 

Subscription Services .
 In September 2021, the Company launched its subscription-based site HoneyDrip.com, a new digital platform designed and owned by Clubhouse
 Media Group with a focus on the empowerment of creators. The site allows creators to connect with fans and sell exclusive photo and
 video content. We plan to continue to expand the number of users and creators on the site. 

INDUSTRY
OVERVIEW 

Social
Media and Influencer Marketing and Promotion 

Around
the world, marketing is a key strategy for brands to obtain exposure, achieve better recall, communicate themes and drive increased consumer
engagement. Globally, in 2018, there was an estimated spend of 66 billion on sponsorships, up from 43 billion in 2008, according to
 Statista 2019-Worldwide; IEG; 2007 to 2017 . As for the overall advertising landscape, Zenith estimated that global advertising
spending will reach 781 billion in 2021, up from 634 billion in 2019, and will rise to 873 billion
by 2024. 

4 

Advertising
has shifted significantly towards social media over the last few years, and social media influencers who are the primary form of
advertisement distribution is highly disorganized. We believe that one of the most important aspects of building a company or
launching a product is social media marketing. According to Sprout Social , as of January 2022, there are 3.96 billion total
social media users across all platforms. This makes social media marketing a great tool for any company. 

According
to a Business Insider Intelligence report titled Influencer Marketing: State of the social media influencer market in 2021 
originally published in December 2019 and updated February 2021, influencer marketing spending has grown significantly since 2015
and is expected to reach 15 billion annually by 2022. According to the same source, currently 78 of companies spend over 10 of their
marketing budget on influencer marketing and 11 of companies allocate more than 40 of their marketing budget on influencer marketing
and the percentage is expected to grow as more companies become comfortable with the channel. Also according to the same source, companies
surveyed about influencer marketing noted that content quality, aligned target audience demographic and engagement rate were the three
most important determinants in choosing influencer partners and that the two most important goals for influencer marketing based on survey
responses were increasing brand awareness and reaching new audiences in order to expand their existing customer base. Furthermore, according
to Influencer Marketing Hub , the influencer marketing spend is projected to reach 16.4 billion in 2022. 

We
intend to capitalize on this growing social media and influencer based advertising spending, utilizing our Clubhouse influencers to attract
advertisers directly, as well as generating business for Creators, for which we will receive compensation pursuant to our Management
Agreements. 

Competition 

As
a talent management company through Doiyen, we compete against other talent management companies that are specific to the social media
influencer space, such as IZEA and Viral Nation. We compete with these other companies on the basis of our brand name, reputation for
access to industry participants and desirable projects, as well as pricing. 

For
our brands and products, we currently compete primarily with other specialty retailers, higher-end department stores and Internet businesses
that engage in the retail sale of women s and men s apparel, accessories and similar merchandise targeting customers aged
12 to 30. We believe the principal basis upon which we compete are design, quality, and price. We believe that our primary competitive
advantage is high visibility, which we can achieve through our network of Clubhouse influencers. 

For
our platform Honeydrip.com, we directly compete with OnlyFans, an industry leader. HoneyDrip differentiates itself from OnlyFans by being
an Invite only site, our site is female empowering, and we offer an inhouse account management services for creators. 

In
the future, we expect to compete with other content-creators for placement on streaming services and other content platforms, with technology
and software companies in the social media space, and with companies making lifestyle and/or beauty products marketed to social media
audiences. 

We
seek to effectively compete with such competitors by out-scaling our competition, focusing on in-house business infrastructure and providing
superior support and management services for our Clubhouse influencers. We strive to have more physical locations than other influencer-house
networks. Currently, we are unaware of any other company that is combining into one business the various business aspects in which we
engage. In addition, we believe the experience of our management team provides us with a significant advantage in the social media influencer
business, as participants in this space have traditionally lacked the business experience that our executive management team possesses,
which we intend to use to our advantage. Notwithstanding, we may not be able to effectively compete with such competitors. 

Customers 

Our
customers include our influencer-clients, or Creators (through Doiyen), companies that contract directly with us (through Doiyen) for
paid promotion, and the consumers that purchase our products (through WOH Brands). 

Doiyen
and its Creators have already worked with a number of notable brands, including, but not limited to, Fashion Nova, Spotify, McDonalds,
Amazon, and Boohoo. 

All
products that we sell are marketed through our Clubhouse team of influencers, who provide promotion and marketing social media posts
on our behalf. 

Government
Regulation 

We
are subject to various federal, state and local laws, both domestically and internationally, governing matters such as: 

licensing laws for talent
 management companies, such as California s Talent Agencies Act; 

licensing, permitting and
 zoning; 

health, safety and sanitation
 requirements; 

5 

harassment and discrimination,
 and other similar laws and regulations; 

compliance with the Foreign
 Corrupt Practices Act FCPA and similar regulations in other countries; 

data privacy and information
 security; 

marketing activities; 

environmental protection
 regulations; 

imposition by the U.S.
 and/or foreign countries of trade restrictions, restrictions on the manner in which content is currently licensed and distributed
 and ownership restrictions; and 

government regulation of
 the entertainment industry. 

We
monitor changes in these laws and believe that we are in material compliance with applicable laws and regulations. See Risk Factors Risks
Related to Our Business We are subject to extensive U.S. and foreign governmental regulations, and our failure to comply with these
regulations could adversely affect our business. 

Our
entertainment and content businesses are also subject to certain regulations applicable to our use of Internet web sites and mobile applications
such as Tik Tok, Instagram and YouTube. We maintain various web sites and mobile applications that provide information and content regarding
our businesses and offer merchandise for sale. The operation of these web sites and applications may be subject to a range of federal,
state and local laws. 

Due
to our involvement in products, we are subject to laws governing advertising and promotions, privacy laws, safety regulations, consumer
protection regulations and other laws that regulate retailers and govern the promotion and sale of merchandise. We monitor changes in
these laws and believe that we are in material compliance with applicable laws. 

Sales
and Marketing 

We
generally attract clients through our social media presence across various platforms, including YouTube, Instagram, and TikTok. 

As
a respected name in the social media influencer industry, we are often approached by influencers who want us to represent them (through
DoiyenWe also scout for up-and-coming talented influencers on various social media platforms, who we then attempt to engage as clients. 

For
paid promotion, we generally receive inbound inquiries for promotional opportunities from companies looking to promote their brands or
products. Doiyen also has a sales team to reach out to specific brands that we believe fits a specific influencer s style, which
is another way we generate business. 

Intellectual
Property 

We
currently do not own any patents, trademarks or any other intellectual property at this time. 

The
Company filed a trademark application on April 15, 2020, with the United States Patent and Trademark Office USPTO under
Application Serial No. 90649015 for the mark Clubhouse Media Group. The application can be found at https://tmsearch.uspto.gov/bin/showfield?f=doc state=4807:hxdnrn.3.1
and is identified with this image : 

Overview
of the Business of West of Hudson Group, Inc. 

WOHG,
our directly wholly owned subsidiary, was incorporated on May 19, 2020 under the laws of the State of Delaware. WOHG is primarily a holding
company, and operates various aspects of its business through its operating subsidiaries of which WOHG is the 100 owner and sole member,
and which are as follows: 

1. 
 Doiyen a talent management
 company that provides representation to Clubhouse influencers, as further described below. 

2. 
 WOH Brands a content-creation
 studio, social media marketing company, technology developer, and brand incubator, as further described below. It owns and operates
 HoneyDrip.com, a new digital platform designed and owned by Clubhouse Media Group with a focus on the empowerment of creators. The
 site allows creators to connect with fans and sell exclusive photo and video content 

3. 
 Magiclytics a company
 that provides predictive analytics for content creation brand deals. 

Doiyen,
formerly named WHP Management, LLC, and before that named WHP Entertainment LLC, is a California limited liability company formed on
January 2, 2020. Doiyen was acquired by WOHG on July 9, 2020 pursuant to an exchange agreement between WOHG and Doiyen, pursuant to which
WOHG acquired 100 of the membership interests of Doiyen in exchange for 100 shares of common stock of WOHG. As described above, Doiyen
is a talent management company for social media influencers, and seeks to represent some of the world s top talent in the world
of social media. Doiyen is the entity with which our influencers contract. 

6 

WOH
Brands is a Delaware limited liability company formed on May 19, 2020 by WOHG. As described above, WOH Brands engages and also plans
to engage in a number of activities, with respect to brand development and incubation, content creation, and technology development. 

Magiclytics
is a Wyoming corporation formed on July 2, 2018. The Company acquired a 100 interest in Magiclytics on February 3, 2021. As described
above, Magiclytics provides predictive analytics for content creation brand deals. 

WOHG
is the 100 owner and sole member and manager of each of these entities pursuant to each of the limited liability company agreements
and bylaws, where applicable, that govern these entities, and has complete and exclusive discretion in the management and control of
the affairs and business of WOH Brands, Doiyen, and Magiclytics possesses all powers necessary to carry out the purposes and business
of these entities. WOHG is entitled to the receipt of all income (and/or losses) that these entities generate. 

In
addition to the above, WOHG is the 100 owner of two other limited liability companies Clubhouse Studios, LLC, which holds most
of our intellectual property, and DAK Brands, LLC, each incorporated in the State of Delaware on May 13, 2020. However, each of these
entities has minimal or no operations as of the date of this Prospectus and are not intended to have any material operations in the near
future. 

Organizational
Structure 

The
following diagram reflects our organization structure: 

Effects
of Coronavirus on the Company 

Due
to the digital/remote nature of our business, we believe that the effects of Coronavirus on the company are limited. 

Organizational
History 

Clubhouse
Media Group, Inc. was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on December 19, 2006 with the name Tongji Healthcare Group,
Inc. by Nanning Tongji Hospital, Inc. NTH ). On the same day, Tongji, Inc., our wholly owned subsidiary, was incorporated
in the State of Colorado. Tongji, Inc. was later dissolved on March 25, 2011. 

NTH
was established in Nanning in the province of Guangxi of the People s Republic of China PRC or China by the Nanning Tongji Medical Co. Ltd. and an individual on October 30, 2003. 

NTH
was a designated hospital for medical insurance in the city of Nanning and Guangxi province with 105 licensed beds. NTH specializes in
the areas of internal medicine, surgery, gynecology, pediatrics, emergency medicine, ophthalmology, medical cosmetology, rehabilitation,
dermatology, otolaryngology, traditional Chinese medicine, medical imaging, anesthesia, acupuncture, physical therapy, health examination,
and prevention. 

On
December 27, 2006, Tongji, Inc. acquired 100 of the equity of NTH pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger, pursuant to which NTH
became a wholly owned subsidiary of Tongji Inc. Pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, we issued 15,652,557 shares of common stock
to the shareholders of NTH in exchange for 100 of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of NTH. The acquisition of NTH was
accounted for as a reverse acquisition under the purchase method of accounting since the shareholders of NTH obtained control of the
entity. Accordingly, the reorganization of the two companies was recorded as a recapitalization of NTH, with NTH being treated as the
continuing operating entity. The Company, through NTH, thereafter operated the hospital, until the Company eventually sold NTH, as described
below. 

Effective
December 31, 2017, under the terms of a Bill of Sale, we agreed to sell, transfer convey and assign forever all of its rights, title
and interest in its equity ownership interest in its subsidiary, NTH, to Placer Petroleum Co., LLC, an Arizona limited liability company.
Pursuant to the Bill of Sale, consideration for this sale, transfer conveyance and assignment is Placer Petroleum Co, LLC assuming all
assets and liabilities of NTH as of December 31, 2017. As a result of the Bill of Sale, the related assets and liabilities of Nanning
Tongji Hospital, Inc. was reported as discontinued operations effective December 31, 2017. Thereafter, the Company had minimal operations. 

On
May 20, 2019, pursuant to Case Number A-19-793075-P, Nevada s 8th Judicial District, Business Court entered and Order Granting
Application of Joseph Arcaro as Custodian of Tongji Healthcare Group, Inc. pursuant to NRS 78.347(1)(b), pursuant to which Joseph
Arcaro was appointed custodian of the Company and given authority to reinstate the Company with the State of Nevada under NRS
78.347. On May 23, 2019, Joseph Arcaro filed a Certificate of Reinstatement of the Company with the Secretary of State of the State
of Nevada. In addition, on May 23, 2019, Joseph Arcaro filed an Annual List of the Company with the Secretary of State of the State
of Nevada, designating himself as President, Secretary, Treasurer and Director of the Company for the filing period of 2017 to 2019.
On November 13, 2019, Mr. Arcaro filed a Motion to Terminate Custodianship of Tongji Healthcare Group, Inc. pursuant to NRS
78.650(4) with the District Court in Clark County Nevada. On December 6, 2019, the court granted Mr. Arcaro s motion, and the
custodianship was terminated. 

7 

Effective
May 29, 2020, Joseph Arcaro, our then Chief Executive Officer, President, Secretary, Treasurer and sole director and the beneficial owner,
through his ownership of Algonquin Partners Inc. Algonquin ), of 65 of the Company s common stock, entered into
a Stock Purchase Agreement (the Stock Purchase Agreement by and among West of Hudson Group, Inc., the Company, Algonquin,
and Mr. Arcaro. Pursuant to the terms of the SPA, WOHG agreed to purchase, and Algonquin agreed to sell, 30,000,000 shares of the Company s
common stock in exchange for payment by WOHG to Algonquin of 240,000 (the Stock Purchase ). Thereafter, WOHG distributed
the 30,000,000 shares of the Company among the shareholders of WOHG. The Stock Purchase closed on June 18, 2020, resulting in a change
of control of the Company. 

On
July 7, 2020, we amended our articles of incorporation whereby we increased our authorized capital stock to 550,000,000 shares, comprised
of 500,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.001 and 50,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.001. 

Share
Exchange Agreement West of Hudson Group, Inc. 

On
August 11, 2020, we entered into the Share Exchange Agreement with (i) WOHG; (ii) each of the WOHG Shareholders; and (iii) Mr. Ben-Yohanan
as the Shareholders Representative. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the Share Exchange Agreement, the parties agreed that the Company would acquire 100 of WOHG s issued and outstanding
capital stock, in exchange for the issuance to the WOHG Shareholders of a number of shares of the Company s common stock to be
determined at the closing of the Share Exchange Agreement. 

On
November 12, 2020, the Company filed a Certificate of Designations with the Secretary of State of Nevada to designate one share of the
preferred stock of the Company as the Series X Preferred Stock of the Company. 

The
closing of the Share Exchange Agreement occurred on November 12, 2020. Pursuant to the terms of the Share Exchange Agreement, the Company
acquired 200 shares WOHG s common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, representing 100 of the issued and outstanding capital stock
of WOHG, in exchange for the issuance to the WOHG Shareholders of 46,811,195 shares of the Company s common stock (the Share
Exchange ). As a result of the Share Exchange, WOHG became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. 

In
addition, on November 20, 2020, pursuant to the Share Exchange Agreement and subsequent Waiver, the Company issued and sold to Amir Ben-Yohanan
one share of Series X Preferred Stock, at a purchase price of 1.00. This one share of Series X Preferred Stock has a number of votes
equal to all of the other votes entitled to be cast on any matter by any other shares or securities of the Company plus one, but will
not have any economic or other interest in the Company. 

The
Share Exchange is intended to be a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended
(the Code ), and the Share Exchange Agreement is intended to be a plan of reorganization within the meaning
of the regulations promulgated under Section 368(a) of the Code and for the purpose of qualifying as a tax-free transaction for federal
income tax purposes. 

On
November 12, 2020, pursuant to the closing of the Share Exchange Agreement, we acquired WOHG, and WOHG thereafter became our wholly owned
subsidiary, and the business of WOHG became the business of the Company going forward. 

Recent
Developments of West of Hudson Group, Inc. 

On
September 4 , 2020, on behalf of WOHG, Mr. Ben-Yohanan, our Chief Executive Officer, entered into a one year lease agreement
for 40,000 a month for the Weheartfans House Bel-Air Clubhouse. Neither Amir Ben-Yohanan nor WOHG renewed
the lease upon its expiration. 

On
September 6, 2020, WOHG entered into an agreement to rent the property for Clubhouse Europe until November 5, 2020, for 4,000
euros per month and to be extended month to month thereafter. 

On
March 4, 2021, the Company entered into a three-month lease agreement for a term ending June 15, 2021 for 34,000.00 per month (for the
property currently being used for the Just a House Los Angeles location.) This lease was not renewed. 

As
of September 30, 2021, Mr. Ben-Yohanan, our Chief Executive Officer has advanced 2,291,151 to WOHG to pay WOHG s operating expenses. 

8 

Name
Change 

On
November 2, 2020, the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment with the Secretary of State of Nevada in order to amend its Articles
of Incorporation to change the Company s name from Tongji Healthcare Group, Inc. to Clubhouse Media
Group, Inc. 

On
January 20, 2021, Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA approved our name change from Tongji Healthcare
Group, Inc. to Clubhouse Media Group, Inc. and approved the change the symbol of our common stock from TONJ 
to CMGR. 

Share
Exchange Agreement - Magiclytics 

On
February 3, 2021, the Company entered into an Amended and Restated Share Exchange Agreement (the A R Share Exchange Agreement by and between the Company, Magiclytics, each of the shareholders of Magiclytics (the Magiclytics Shareholders and Christian
Young, as the representative of the Magiclytics Shareholders (the Shareholders Representative ). Christian Young
is the President, Secretary, and a Director of the Company, and is also an officer, director, and significant shareholder of Magiclytics. 

The
A R Share Exchange Agreement amended and restated in its entirety the previous Share Exchange Agreement between the same parties,
which was executed on December 3, 2020. The A R Share Exchange Agreement replaces the Share Exchange Agreement in its entirety. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the A R Share Exchange Agreement, the Company agreed to acquire from the Magiclytics Shareholders, who hold an aggregate
of 5,000 shares of Magiclytics common stock, par value 0.01 per share (the Magiclytics Shares ), all 5,000 Magiclytics
Shares, representing 100 of Magiclytics issued and outstanding capital stock, in exchange for the issuance by the Company to
the Magiclytics Shareholders of the 734,689 shares of the Company s common stock based on a 3,500,000 valuation of Magiclytics,
to be apportioned between the Magiclytics Shareholders pro rata based on their respective ownership of Magiclytics Shares. 

On
February 3, 2021 (the Magiclytics Closing Date ), the parties closed on the transactions contemplated in the A R Share
Exchange Agreement, and the Company agreed to issue 734,689 shares of Company common stock to the Magiclytics Shareholders in exchange
for all 5,000 Magiclytics Shares (the Magiclytics Closing ). On February 3, 2021, pursuant to the closing of the Share Exchange
Agreement, we acquired Magiclytics, and Magiclytics thereafter became our wholly owned subsidiary. 

At
the Magiclytics Closing, we agreed to issue to Christian Young and Wilfred Man each 330,610 shares of Company Common Stock, representing
45 each, or 90 in total of the Company common stock which we agreed to issue to the Magiclytics Shareholders at the Magiclytics Closing.
As of February 7, 2021, we have not issued the 734,689 shares to the Magiclytics shareholders. 

The
number of shares of the Company common stock issued at the Magiclytics Closing was based on the fair market value of the Company common
stock as initially agreed to by the parties, which is 4.76 per share (the Base Value ). The fair market value was determined
based on the volume weighted average closing price of the Company common stock for the twenty (20) trading day period immediately prior
to the Magiclytics,. In the event that the initial public offering price per share of the Company common stock in this offering pursuant
to Regulation A is less than the Base Value, then within three (3) business days of the qualification by the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the SEC of the Offering Statement forming part of this Prospectus, the Company will issue to the Magiclytics
Shareholders a number of additional shares of Company common stock equal to: 

1. 3,500,000
 divided by the initial public offering price per share of the Company common stock in this
 offering pursuant to Regulation A, minus 
 
 2. 734,689. 

The
resulting number of shares of the Company common stock pursuant to the above calculation will be referred to as the Additional
Shares , and such Additional Shares will also be issued to the Magiclytics Shareholders pro rata based on their respective ownership
of Magiclytics Shares. 

In
addition to the exchange of shares between the Magiclytics Shareholders and the Company described above, on the Magiclytics Closing Date
the parties took a number of other actions in connection with the Magiclytics Closing pursuant to the terms of the A R Share Exchange
Agreement: 

(i) The
 Board of Directors of Magiclytics (the Magiclytics Board expanded the size
 of the Magiclytics Board to 3 persons and named Simon Yu, a current officer and director
 of the Company as a director of the Magiclytics Board. 
 
 (ii) The
 Magiclytics Board named Wilfred Man as the Chief Executive Officer of Magiclytics, Christian
 Young as the President and Secretary of the Magiclytics and Simon Yu as the Chief Operating
 Officer of Magiclytics. 

Further,
immediately following the Magiclytics Closing, the Company assumed responsibility for all outstanding accounts payables and operating
costs to continue operations of Magiclytics including but not limited to payment to any of its vendors, lenders, or other parties in
which Magiclytics engages with in the regular course of its business. 

9 

The
Clubhouse Online Presence and Plans for Expansion of the Physical Clubhouses 

While
 The Clubhouse network consists of physical locations (as described above), there are numerous Clubhouse accounts
owned by The Clubhouse, with a combined following of over [ ] million followers as of March [ ], 2023 across Instagram,
Snapchat, YouTube, and TikTok. These accounts are directly held by us (as opposed to the Clubhouse team of influencers) and therefore,
we have direct access to the followers of these accounts, which we consider to be our followers. 

Management
Agreement TheTinderBlog 

Effective
June 10, 2021, the Company entered into an exclusive management agreement pursuant to which it will manage, invest in and help grown
 TheTinderBlog Instagram.com/thetinderblog ), a large and highly successful Instagram meme account. TheTinderBlog
is an official partner of Facebook. TheTinderBlog boasts over 4.2 million followers acquired over its six-year existence, as well as
a seven-figure annual net income built on nearly one billion web impressions per month. TheTinderBlog has also attracted major advertisers,
including McDonald s, Amazon Prime, Dunkin Donuts, Samsung, among others. 

CONVERTIBLE
PROMISSORY NOTES 

Convertible
Promissory Note Cary Niu 

On
September 18, 2020, the Company entered into a note purchase agreement with Cary Niu, pursuant to which, on same date, the Company issued
a convertible promissory note to Ms. Niu the aggregate principal amount of 50,000 for a purchase price of 50,000 Niu Note ). 

The
Niu Note has a maturity date of September 18, 2022 and bears interest at 8 per year. No payments of the principal amount or interest
are due prior to the maturity date other than as specifically set forth in the Niu Note, and the Company may prepay all or any portion
of the principal amount and any accrued and unpaid interest at any time without penalty. Ms. Niu will have the right, until the Indebtedness
is paid in full, to convert all, but only all, of the then-outstanding Indebtedness into shares of Company common stock at a conversion
price of 30 of the volume weighted average of the closing price during the 20-trading day period immediately prior to the option conversion
date, subject to customary adjustments for stock splits, etc. occurring after the issuance date. 

Since
the conversion price is based on 30 of the VWAP during the 20-trading day period immediately prior to the option conversion date, the
Company has determined that the conversion feature is considered a derivative liability for the Company, which is detailed in Note 10. 

The
balance of the Niu Note as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 0 and 50,000, respectively. 

Convertible
Promissory Note Jesus Galen 

On
October 6, 2020, the Company entered into a note purchase agreement with Jesus Galen, pursuant to which, on same date, the Company issued
a convertible promissory note to Mr. Galen the aggregate principal amount of 30,000 for a purchase price of 30,000 Galen Note ). 

The
Galen Note has a maturity date of October 6, 2022 and bears interest at 8 per year. No payments of the principal amount or interest
are due prior to the maturity date other than as specifically set forth in the Galen Note, and the Company may prepay all or any portion
of the principal amount and any accrued and unpaid interest at any time without penalty. Mr. Galen will have the right, until the Indebtedness
is paid in full, to convert all, but only all, of the then-outstanding Indebtedness into shares of Company common stock at a conversion
price of 50 of the volume weighted average of the closing price during the 20-trading day period immediately prior to the option conversion
date, subject to customary adjustments for stock splits, etc. occurring after the issuance date. 

Since
the conversion price is based on 50 of the VWAP during the 20-trading day period immediately prior to the option conversion date, the
Company has determined that the conversion feature is considered a derivative liability for the Company, which is detailed in Note 10. 

The
balance of the Galen Note as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 0 and 30,000, respectively. 

Convertible
Promissory Note Darren Huynh 

On
October 6, 2020, the Company entered into a note purchase agreement with Darren Huynh, pursuant to which, on same date, the Company issued
a convertible promissory note to Mr. Huynh the aggregate principal amount of 50,000 for a purchase price of 50,000 Huynh Note ). 

The
Huynh Note has a maturity date of October 6, 2022, and bears interest at 8 per year. No payments of the principal amount or interest
are due prior to the maturity date other than as specifically set forth in the Huynh Note, and the Company may prepay all or any portion
of the principal amount and any accrued and unpaid interest at any time without penalty. Mr. Huynh will have the right, until the Indebtedness
is paid in full, to convert all, but only all, of the then-outstanding Indebtedness into shares of Company common stock at a conversion
price of 50 of the volume weighted average of the closing price during the 20-trading day period immediately prior to the option conversion
date, subject to customary adjustments for stock splits, etc. occurring after the issuance date. 

10 

Since
the conversion price is based on 50 of the VWAP during the 20-trading day period immediately prior to the option conversion date, the
Company has determined that the conversion feature is considered a derivative liability for the Company, which is detailed in Note 10. 

The
balance of the Huynh Note as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 0 and 0, respectively. 

Convertible
Promissory Note Wayne Wong 

On
October 6, 2020, the Company entered into a note purchase agreement with Wayne Wong, pursuant to which, on same date, the Company issued
a convertible promissory note to Mr. Wong the aggregate principal amount of 25,000 for a purchase price of 25,000 Wong Note ). 

The
Wong Note has a maturity date of October 6, 2022, and bears interest at 8 per year. No payments of the principal amount or interest
are due prior to the maturity date other than as specifically set forth in the Wong Note, and the Company may prepay all or any portion
of the principal amount and any accrued and unpaid interest at any time without penalty. Mr. Wong will have the right, until the Indebtedness
is paid in full, to convert all, but only all, of the then-outstanding Indebtedness into shares of Company common stock at a conversion
price of 50 of the volume weighted average of the closing price during the 20-trading day period immediately prior to the option conversion
date, subject to customary adjustments for stock splits, etc. occurring after the issuance date. 

Since
the conversion price is based on 50 of the VWAP during the 20-trading day period immediately prior to the option conversion date, the
Company has determined that the conversion feature is considered a derivative liability for the Company, which is detailed in Note 10. 

The
balance of the Wong Note as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 0 and 0, respectively. 

Convertible
Promissory Note ProActive Capital SPV I, LLC 

On
January 20, 2021, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the ProActive Capital SPA with ProActive Capital
SPV I, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company ProActive Capital ), pursuant to which, on same date, the Company (i)
issued a convertible promissory note to ProActive Capital the aggregate principal amount of 250,000 for a purchase price of 225,000,
reflecting a 25,000 original issue discount (the ProActive Capital Note ), and in connection therewith, sold to ProActive
Capital 50,000 shares of Company Common Stock at a purchase price of 0.001 per share. In addition, at the closing of this sale, the
Company reimbursed ProActive Capital the sum of 10,000 for ProActive Capital s costs in completing the transaction, which amount
ProActive Capital withheld from the total purchase price paid to the Company. 

The
ProActive Capital Note has a maturity date of January 20, 2022 and bears interest at 10 per year. No payments of the principal amount
or interest are due prior to the maturity date other than as specifically set forth in the ProActive Capital Note, and the Company may
prepay all or any portion of the principal amount and any accrued and unpaid interest at any time without penalty. The Company extended
the maturity date to September 20, 2022. 

The
ProActive Capital Note (and the principal amount and any accrued and unpaid interest) is convertible into shares of Company Common Stock
at ProActive Capital s election at any time following the time that the SEC qualifies the Company s offering statement related
to the Regulation A Offering, at a conversion price equal to 70 of the Regulation A Offering Price of the Company Common Stock in the
Regulation A Offering, and is subject to a customary beneficial ownership limitation of 9.99 , which may be waived by ProActive Capital
on 61 days notice to the Company. The conversion price is subject to customary adjustments for any stock splits, etc. which occur
following the determination of the conversion price. 

The
 25,000 original issue discounts, the fair value of 50,000 shares issued, and the beneficial conversion features were recorded as debt
discounts and amortized over the term of the note. Therefore, the total debt discounts at the inception date of this convertible promissory
note were 217,024. 

On
December 15, 2022, the Company entered into a Debt Repayment and Release Agreement by and between the Company and ProActive Capital.
Pursuant to the terms of the Agreement, the Company agreed to pay to ProActive Capital 75,000 as full and complete payment of certain
debt owed by the Company to ProActive Capital pursuant to a convertible promissory note, dated as of January 20, 2021, as amended (the
 Note ), in the principal sum of 300,000, plus accrued interest in the approximate amount of 50,000. On December 15, 2022,
pursuant to the terms of the Agreement, the Company paid ProActive Captial 75,000, the Debt was settled and the Note was terminated. 

The
balance of the ProActive Capital Note as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 0 and 250,000, respectively. 

First
Convertible Promissory Note GS Capital Partners #1 

On
January 25, 2021, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the GS Capital #1 with GS Capital
Partners, LLC GS Capital ), pursuant to which, on same date, the Company (i) issued a convertible promissory note to
GS Capital the aggregate principal amount of 288,889 for a purchase price of 260,000, reflecting a 28,889 original issue discount
(the GS Capital Note ), and in connection therewith, sold to GS Capital 50,000 shares of Company Common Stock at a
purchase price of 0.001 per share. In addition, at the closing of this sale, the Company reimbursed GS Capital the sum of 10,000
for GS Capital s costs in completing the transaction, which amount GS Capital withheld from the total purchase price paid to
the Company. 

11 

The
GS Capital Note has a maturity date of January 25, 2022, and bears interest at 10 per year. No payments of the principal amount or interest
are due prior to the maturity date other than as specifically set forth in the GS Capital Note, and the Company may prepay all or any
portion of the principal amount and any accrued and unpaid interest at any time without penalty. 

The
GS Capital Note (and the principal amount and any accrued and unpaid interest) is convertible into shares of Company Common Stock at
GS Capital s election at any time following the time that the SEC qualifies the Company s offering statement related to the
Regulation A Offering, at a conversion price equal to 70 of the Regulation A Offering Price of the Company Common Stock in the Regulation
A Offering, and is subject to a customary beneficial ownership limitation of 9.99 , which may be waived by GS Capital on 61 days 
notice to the Company. The conversion price is subject to customary adjustments for any stock splits, etc. which occur following the
determination of the conversion price. 

The
 28,889 original issue discounts, the fair value of 50,000 shares issued, and the beneficial conversion features were recorded as debt
discounts and amortized over the term of the note. Therefore, the total debt discounts at the inception date of this convertible promissory
note were 288,889. 

The
entire principal balance and interest were converted in the quarter ended June 30, 2021. The balance of the GS Capital #1 as of December
31, 2022 and 2021 was 0 and 0, respectively. The Company signed the restructuring agreement below to return the shares for the new
GS note #1, as if the initial conversion had not occurred. 

Convertible
Promissory Note New GS Note #1 

On
November 26, 2021, the Company entered into an Amendment and Restructuring Agreement (the Restructuring Agreement with
GS Capital Partners, LLC to replacement GS Capital #1 as disclosed above. GS
Capital sold to the Company, and the Company redeemed from GS Capital, the 107,301 Converted Shares, and in exchange therefor, the Company
issued to GS Capital a new convertible promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of 300,445 (the New GS Note #1 ). 

The
New GS Note #1 has a maturity date of May 31, 2022 and bears interest at 10 per year. No payments of the principal amount or interest
are due prior to the Maturity Date, other than as specifically set forth in the Note, and there is no prepayment penalty. 

The
New GS Note #1 provides GS Capital with conversion rights to convert all or any part of the outstanding and unpaid principal amount of
the New Note from time to time into fully paid and non-assessable shares of the Company s common stock, at a conversion price of
 1.00, subject to adjustment as provided in the New Note and subject to a 9.99 equity blocker. 

The
New GS Note #1 contains customary events of default, including, but not limited to, failure to pay principal or interest on the New Note
when due. If an event of default occurs and continues uncured, GS Capital may declare all or any portion of the then outstanding principal
amount of the New Note, together with all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, due and payable, and the New Note will thereupon become
immediately due and payable. 

The
balance of the New GS Note #1 as December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 0 and 300,445, respectively. 

Convertible
Promissory Note GS Capital Partners #2 

On
February 19, 2021, the Company entered into another securities purchase agreement with GS Capital (the GS Capital #2 ),
pursuant to which, on same date, the Company issued a convertible promissory note (the GS Capital #2 Note to GS Capital
the aggregate principal amount of 577,778 for a purchase price of 520,000, reflecting a 57,778 original issue discount, and in connection
therewith, sold to GS Capital 100,000 shares of Company s common stock, par value 0.001 per share at a purchase price of 100,
representing a per share price of 0.001 per share. In addition, at the closing of this sale, the Company reimbursed GS Capital the sum
of 10,000 for GS Capital s costs in completing the transaction, which amount GS Capital withheld from the total purchase price
paid to the Company. 

The
GS Capital #2 Note has a maturity date of February 19, 2022 and bears interest at 10 per year. No payments of the principal amount or
interest are due prior to the maturity date other than as specifically set forth in the GS Capital #2 Note, and the Company may prepay
all or any portion of the principal amount and any accrued and unpaid interest at any time without penalty. 

The
GS Capital #2 Note (and the principal amount and any accrued and unpaid interest) is convertible into shares of the Company Common Stock
at GS Capital s election at any time following the time that the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC qualifies
the Company s offering statement related to the Company s planned offering of Company Common Stock pursuant to Regulation
A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Regulation A Offering ). At such time, the GS Capital #2 Note (and the
principal amount and any accrued and unpaid interest) will be convertible at a conversion price equal to 70 of the initial offering
price of the Company Common Stock in the Regulation A Offering, subject to a customary beneficial ownership limitation of 9.99 , which
may be waived by GS Capital on 61 days notice to the Company. The conversion price is subject to customary adjustments for any
stock splits, etc. which occur following the determination of the conversion price. 

The
 57,778 original issue discounts, the fair value of 100,000 shares issued, and the beneficial conversion features were recorded as debt
discounts and amortized over the term of the note. Therefore, the total debt discounts at the inception date of this convertible promissory
note were 577,778. 

GS
Capital converted 96,484 and 3,515 accrued interest in the quarter ended June 30, 2021.The balance of the GS Capital #2 Note as of
December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 0 and 577,778, respectively. 

12 

Convertible
Promissory Note New GS Note #2 

On
November 26, 2021, the Company entered into an Amendment and Restructuring Agreement (the Restructuring Agreement with
GS Capital Partners, LLC to cancel the conversion exercised in the quarter ended June 30, 2021. 

On
June 29, 2022, the Company entered into an Exchange Agreement (the Exchange Note with GS Capital. The Exchange
Note amended and restated in its entirety the previous Note Purchase Agreement between the same parties. 

The
Exchange Note replaces the Note Purchase Agreement in its entirety, which was a promissory note carrying an outstanding amount of 577,778.
The Exchange Note is thus a new note in the amount of 635,563.48, with a conversion price equal to 85 of the closing per share trading
price of the Company s shares of common stock, 0.000001 par value per share Common Stock on the last trading day
prior to the delivery of the notice of conversion, as reported on the National Quotations Bureau OTC Market exchange which the Company s
shares are traded. 

The
change in conversion features were recorded as loss on debt extinguishment of 188,771 and recognition of derivative liability of 416,588
as of September 30, 2022. 

GS
Capital converted 421,063 of the principal amount and 4,690 accrued interest to 378,633,891 common shares in the quarter ended September
30, 2022. The balance of the GS Capital #2 Note as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 85,000
and 577,778, respectively. The Company is currently in default of the New GS Note #2. 

Convertible
Promissory Note GS Capital Partners #3 

On
March 16, 2021, the Company entered into another securities purchase agreement with GS Capital (the GS Capital #3 ), pursuant
to which, on same date, the Company issued a convertible promissory note to GS Capital the aggregate principal amount of 577,778 for
a purchase price of 520,000, reflecting a 57,778 original issue discount, and in connection therewith, sold to GS Capital 100,000 shares
of Company s common stock, par value 0.001 per share at a purchase price of 100, representing a per share price of 0.001 per
share. In addition, at the closing of this sale, the Company reimbursed GS Capital the sum of 10,000 for GS Capital s costs in
completing the transaction, which amount GS Capital withheld from the total purchase price paid to the Company. 

The
GS Capital Note has a maturity date of March 22, 2022 and bears interest at 10 per year. No payments of the principal amount or interest
are due prior to the maturity date other than as specifically set forth in the GS Capital Note, and the Company may prepay all or any
portion of the principal amount and any accrued and unpaid interest at any time without penalty. 

The
GS Capital Note (and the principal amount and any accrued and unpaid interest) is convertible into shares of the Company Common Stock
at GS Capital s election at any time following the time that the SEC qualifies the Company s offering statement related to
the Company s planned offering of Company Common Stock pursuant to Regulation A under the Securities Act. At such time, the GS
Capital Note (and the principal amount and any accrued and unpaid interest) will be convertible at a conversion price equal to 70 of
the initial offering price of the Company Common Stock in the Regulation A Offering, subject to a customary beneficial ownership limitation
of 9.99 , which may be waived by GS Capital on 61 days notice to the Company. The conversion price is subject to customary adjustments
for any stock splits, etc. which occur following the determination of the conversion price. 

The
 57,778 original issue discount, the fair value of 100,000 shares issued, and the beneficial conversion features were recorded as debt
discounts and amortized over the term of the note. Therefore, the total debt discounts at the inception date of this convertible promissory
note were 577,778. 

The
balance of the GS Capital #3 Note as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 577,778 and 577,778, respectively. 

Convertible
Promissory Note GS Capital Partners #4 

On
April 1, 2021, the Company entered into another securities purchase agreement with GS Capital (the GS Capital #4 ), pursuant
to which, on same date, the Company issued a convertible promissory note to GS Capital the aggregate principal amount of 550,000 for
a purchase price of 500,000, reflecting a 50,000 original issue discount, and in connection therewith, sold to GS Capital 45,000 shares
of Company s common stock, par value 0.001 per share at a purchase price of 45, representing a per share price of 0.001 per
share. In addition, at the closing of this sale, the Company reimbursed GS Capital the sum of 10,000 for GS Capital s costs in
completing the transaction, which amount GS Capital withheld from the total purchase price paid to the Company. 

The
GS Capital Note #4 has a maturity date of April 1, 2022 and bears interest at 10 per year. No payments of the principal amount or interest
are due prior to the maturity date other than as specifically set forth in the GS Capital Note, and the Company may prepay all or any
portion of the principal amount and any accrued and unpaid interest at any time without penalty. 

The
GS Capital Note (and the principal amount and any accrued and unpaid interest) is convertible into shares of the Company Common
Stock at GS Capital s election at any time following the time that the SEC qualifies the Company s offering statement
related to the Company s planned offering of Company Common Stock pursuant to Regulation A under the Securities Act. At such
time, the GS Capital Note (and the principal amount and any accrued and unpaid interest) will be convertible at a conversion price
equal to 70 of the initial offering price of the Company Common Stock in the Regulation A Offering, subject to a customary
beneficial ownership limitation of 9.99 , which may be waived by GS Capital on 61 days notice to the Company. The conversion
price is subject to customary adjustments for any stock splits, etc. which occur following the determination of the conversion
price. 

13 

The
 50,000 original issue discounts, the fair value of 45,000 shares issued, and the beneficial conversion features were recorded as debt
discounts and amortized over the term of the note. Therefore, the total debt discount at the inception date of this convertible promissory
note were recorded at 550,000. 

The
balance of the GS Capital Note #4 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 550,000 and 550,000, respectively. 

Convertible
Promissory Note GS Capital Partners #5 

On
April 29, 2021, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Securities Purchase Agreement with GS Capital,
pursuant to which, on same date, the Company issued a convertible promissory note to GS Capital in the aggregate principal amount of
 550,000 for a purchase price of 500,000, reflecting a 50,000 original issue discount (the GS Capital Note #5 and, in
connection therewith, sold to GS Capital 125,000 shares of the Company s common stock, par value 0.001 per share (the Company
Common Stock at a purchase price of 125, representing a per share price of 0.001 per share. In addition, at the closing of
this sale, the Company reimbursed GS Capital the sum of 5,000 for GS Capital s costs in completing the transaction, which amount
GS Capital withheld from the total purchase price paid to the Company. 

The
April 2021 GS Capital Note #5 has a maturity date of April 29, 2022 and bears interest at 10 per year. No payments of the principal
amount or interest are due prior to the maturity date other than as specifically set forth in the GS Capital Note #5, and the Company
may prepay all or any portion of the principal amount and any accrued and unpaid interest at any time without penalty. 

The
GS Capital Note #5 (and the principal amount and any accrued and unpaid interest) is convertible into shares of the Company s common
stock, par value 0.001 per share (the Company Common Stock at GS Capital s election at any time following the time
that the SEC qualifies the Company s offering statement related to the Company s planned offering of Company Common Stock
pursuant to Regulation A under the Securities Act. At such time, the GS Capital Note #5 (and the principal amount and any accrued and
unpaid interest) will be convertible at a conversion price equal to 70 of the initial offering price of the Company Common Stock in
the Regulation A Offering, subject to a customary beneficial ownership limitation of 9.99 , which may be waived by GS Capital on 61 days 
notice to the Company. The conversion price is subject to customary adjustments for any stock splits, etc. which occur following the
determination of the conversion price. 

The
 50,000 original issue discounts, the fair value of 125,000 shares issued, and the beneficial conversion features were recorded as debt
discounts and amortized over the term of the note. Therefore, the total debt discount at the inception date of this convertible promissory
note were recorded at 550,000. 

The
balance of the GS Capital Note #5 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 550,000 and 550,000, respectively. 

Convertible
Promissory Note GS Capital Partners #6 

On
June 3, 2021, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Securities Purchase Agreement with GS Capital,
pursuant to which, on same date, the Company issued a convertible promissory note to GS Capital in the aggregate principal amount of
 550,000 for a purchase price of 500,000, reflecting a 50,000 original issue discount (the GS Capital Note #6 and, in
connection therewith, sold to GS Capital 85,000 shares of the Company s common stock, par value 0.001 per share (the Company
Common Stock at a purchase price of 85, representing a per share price of 0.001 per share. In addition, at the closing of this
sale, the Company reimbursed GS Capital the sum of 5,000 for GS Capital s costs in completing the transaction, which amount GS
Capital withheld from the total purchase price paid to the Company. 

The
GS Capital Note #6 has a maturity date of June 3, 2022 and bears interest at 10 per year. No payments of the principal amount or interest
are due prior to the maturity date other than as specifically set forth in the GS Capital Note #6, and the Company may prepay all or
any portion of the principal amount and any accrued and unpaid interest at any time without penalty. 

The
GS Capital Note #6 (and the principal amount and any accrued and unpaid interest) is convertible into shares of the Company s common
stock, par value 0.001 per share (the Company Common Stock at GS Capital s election at any time following the time
that the SEC qualifies the Company s offering statement related to the Company s planned offering of Company Common Stock
pursuant to Regulation A under the Securities Act. At such time, the GS Capital Note #6 (and the principal amount and any accrued and
unpaid interest) will be convertible at a conversion price equal to 70 of the initial offering price of the Company Common Stock in
the Regulation A Offering, subject to a customary beneficial ownership limitation of 9.99 , which may be waived by GS Capital on 61 days 
notice to the Company. The conversion price is subject to customary adjustments for any stock splits, etc. which occur following the
determination of the conversion price. 

The
 50,000 original issue discounts, the fair value of 85,000 shares issued, and the beneficial conversion features were recorded as debt
discounts and amortized over the term of the note. Therefore, the total debt discount at the inception date of this convertible promissory
note were recorded at 550,000. 

The
balance of the GS Capital Note #6 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 550,000 and 550,000, respectively. 

14 

Convertible
Promissory Note Tiger Trout Capital Puerto Rico 

On
January 29, 2021, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Tiger Trout SPA with Tiger Trout Capital
Puerto Rico, LLC, a Puerto Rico limited liability company Tiger Trout ), pursuant to which, on same, date, the Company
(i) issued a convertible promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of 1,540,000 for a purchase price of 1,100,000, reflecting
a 440,000 original issue discount (the Tiger Trout Note ), and (ii) sold to Tiger Trout 220,000 shares Company common stock
for a purchase price of 220.00. 

The
Tiger Trout Note has a maturity date of January 29, 2022, and bears interest at 10 per year. No payments of the principal amount or
interest are due prior to the maturity date other than as specifically set forth in the Tiger Trout Note, and the Company may prepay
all or any portion of the principal amount and any accrued and unpaid interest at any time without penalty, provided however, that if
the Company does not pay the principal amount and any accrued and unpaid interest by July 2, 2021, an additional 50,000 is required
to be paid to Tiger Trout at the time the Tiger Trout Note is repaid, if the Company repays the Tiger Trout Note prior to its maturity
date. 

If
the principal amount and any accrued and unpaid interest under the Tiger Trout Note has not been repaid on or before the maturity date,
that will be an event of default under the Tiger Trout Note. If an event of default has occurred and is continuing, Tiger Trout may declare
all or any portion of the then-outstanding principal amount and any accrued and unpaid interest under the Tiger Trout Note (the Indebtedness due and payable, and the Indebtedness will become immediately due and payable in cash by the Company. Further, Tiger Trout will have
the right, until the Indebtedness is paid in full, to convert all, but only all, of the then-outstanding Indebtedness into shares of
Company common stock at a conversion price of 0.50 per share, subject to customary adjustments for stock splits, etc. occurring after
the issuance date. The Tiger Trout Note contains a customary beneficial ownership limitation of 9.99 , which may be waived by Tiger Trout
on 61 days notice to the Company. 

The
 440,000 original issue discount, the fair value of 220,000 shares issued, and the beneficial conversion features were recorded as debt
discounts and amortized over the term of the note. Therefore, the total debt discounts at the inception date of this convertible promissory
note were 1,540,000. 

On
January 25, 2022, the Company entered into an Amendment and Restructuring Agreement (the Tiger Restructuring Agreement with Tiger Trout to extend the maturity to August 24, 2022 and increased the principal amount of the convertible note by 388,378 so
the total principal became 1,928,378. 

On
June 29, 2022, the Company and Tiger Trout entered into Amendment No. 2 to Convertible Promissory Note, dated as of June 29, 2022 (the
 Note Amendment 2 ). Pursuant to the terms of the Note Amendment 2: 

(i) 
 the principal
 amount of the Tiger Trout Note was amended to be 1,250,000; and 

(ii) 
 Section 3(c) of the Tiger
 Trout Note was amended and restated in its entirety to provide a conversion price equal to 85 of the closing per share trading price
 of the Company s Common Stock on the last trading day prior to the delivery of the notice of conversion, as reported on the
 National Quotations Bureau OTC Market exchange which the Company s shares are traded. 

On
June 30, 2022, the Company and Tiger Trout entered into Amendment No. 3 to Convertible Promissory Note, dated as of June 30, 2022 (the
 Note Amendment 3 ). Pursuant to the terms of the Note Amendment 3, the Tiger Trout Note was amended as follows: 

(i) 
 the principal
 amount of the Tiger Trout Note was amended to be 1,115,000; and 

(ii) 
 Notwithstanding
 anything to the contrary in the Tiger Trout Note, the parties acknowledge and agree that Tiger Trout may elect to convert the Tiger
 Trout Note into Conversion Shares at any time at the election of Tiger Trout, subject to the other limitations and
 requirements of the Tiger Trout Note, and the Conversion Period (as defined in the Tiger Trout Note) is amended to
 be the period from June 30, 2022 to the date of full repayment of all Indebtedness (as defined in the Tiger Trout Note). 

The
reduction of the principal amount of 813,378 was recorded as gain in debt settlement for the quarter ended June 30, 2022. On June 29,
2022, principal balance of 68,605 was converted into 15,403,092 common shares. 

Tiger
Trout Capital Puerto Rico converted 818,187 on the principal amount to 587,194,665 to common shares for in the quarter ended September
30, 2022. 

On
December 7, 2022, the Company entered into a Debt Repayment and Release Agreement by and between the Company and Tiger Trout.
Pursuant to the terms of the Agreement, the Company agreed to pay to Tiger Trout 150,000 as full and complete payment of certain
debt owed by the Company to Tiger Trout pursuant to a convertible promissory note dated as of January 29, 2021, as amended, in the
aggregate principal amount of 228,208, plus
accrued interest in the approximate amount of 250,000. On December 7, 2022, pursuant to the terms of the Agreement, the Company
paid Tiger Trout 150,000, the Debt was settled and the Note was terminated. 

The
balance of the Tiger Trout Note as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 0 and 1,590,000, respectively. 

15 

Convertible
Promissory Note Eagle Equities LLC 

On
April 13, 2021, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Eagle SPA with Eagle Equities LLC Eagle
Equities ), pursuant to which, on same date, the Company issued a convertible promissory note to Eagle Equities in the aggregate
principal amount of 1,100,000 for a purchase price of 1,000,000, reflecting a 100,000 original issue discount (the Eagle Equities
Note ), and, in connection therewith, sold to Eagle Equities 165,000 shares of Company s common stock, par value of 0.001
per share (the Company Common Stock at a purchase price of 165.00, representing a per share price of 0.001 per share.
In addition, at the closing of this sale, the Company reimbursed Eagle Equities the sum of 10,000 for Eagle Equities costs in
completing the transaction, which amount Eagle Equities withheld from the total purchase price paid to the Company. 

The
Eagle Equities Note has a maturity date of April 13, 2022 and bears interest at 10 per year. No payments of the principal amount or
interest are due prior to the maturity date other than upon the circumstances set forth in the Eagle Equities Note specifically,
if (i) the SEC qualifies the Company s offering statement related to the Company s planned offering of Company Common Stock
pursuant to Regulation A under the Securities Act; and (ii) the Company receives 3,500,000 in net proceeds from such Regulation A Offering,
then Company must repay the principal amount and any accrued and unpaid interest on the Eagle Equities Note within three (3) business
days from the date of such occurrence. The Company may prepay all or any portion of the principal amount and any accrued and unpaid interest
at any time without penalty. 

The
Eagle Equities Note (and the principal amount and any accrued and unpaid interest) is convertible into shares of the Company Common Stock
at Eagle Equities election at any time following the time that the SEC qualifies the Company s offering statement related
to the Company s planned offering of Company Common Stock pursuant to Regulation A under the Securities Act. At such time, the
Eagle Equities Note (and the principal amount and any accrued and unpaid interest) will be convertible in restricted shares of Company
Common Stock at a conversion price equal to 70 of the initial offering price of the Company Common Stock in the Regulation A Offering,
subject to a customary beneficial ownership limitation of 9.99 , which may be waived by Eagle Equities on 61 days notice to the
Company. The conversion price is subject to customary adjustments for any stock splits, etc. which occur following the determination
of the conversion price. Alternatively, if the SEC has not qualified the Company s offering statement related to the Company s
planned offering of Company Common Stock pursuant to Regulation A under the Securities Act by October 10, 2021, and Eagle Equities Note
has not yet been fully repaid, then Eagle Equities will have the right to convert the Eagle Equities Note (and the principal amount and
any accrued and unpaid interest) into restricted shares of Company Common Stock at a conversion price of 6.50 per share (subject to
customary adjustments for any stock splits, etc., which occur following April 13, 2021). 

The
 100,000 original issue discounts, the fair value of 165,000 shares issued, and the beneficial conversion features were recorded as debt
discounts and amortized over the term of the note. Therefore, the total debt discount at the inception date of this convertible promissory
note were recorded at 1,100,000. 

The
balance of the Eagle Equities Note as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 1,100,000 and 1,100,000, respectively. 

Convertible
Promissory Note Labrys Fund, LP 

On
March 11, 2021, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Labrys SPA with Labrys Fund, LP Labrys ),
pursuant to which the Company issued a 10 promissory note (the Labrys Note with a maturity date of March 11, 2022 (the
 Labrys Maturity Date ), in the principal sum of 1,000,000. In addition, the Company issued 125,000 shares of its common
stock to Labrys as a commitment fee pursuant to the Labrys SPA. Pursuant to the terms of the Labrys Note, the Company agreed to pay to
 1,000,000 (the Principal Sum to Labrys and to pay interest on the principal balance at the rate of 10 per annum. The
Labrys Note carries an original issue discount OID of 100,000. Accordingly, on the Closing Date (as defined in the Labrys
SPA), Labrys paid the purchase price of 900,000 in exchange for the Labrys Note. Labrys may convert the Labrys Note into the Company s
common stock (subject to the beneficial ownership limitations of 4.99 in the Labrys Note) at any time at a conversion price equal to
 10.00 per share. 

The
Company may prepay the Labrys Note at any time prior to the date that an Event of Default (as defined in the Labrys Note) occurs at an
amount equal to 100 of the Principal Sum then outstanding plus accrued and unpaid interest (no prepayment premium) plus 750.00 for
administrative fees. The Labrys Note contains customary events of default relating to, among other things, payment defaults, breach of
representations and warranties, and breach of provisions of the Labrys Note or Labrys SPA. 

Upon
the occurrence of any Event of Default, the Labrys Note shall become immediately due and payable and the Company shall pay to Labrys,
in full satisfaction of its obligations hereunder, an amount equal to the Principal Sum then outstanding plus accrued interest multiplied
by 125 (the Default Amount ). Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, additional interest will accrue from the date
of the Event of Default at the rate equal to the lower of 16 per annum or the highest rate permitted by law. 

The
 100,000 original issue discounts, the fair value of 125,000 shares issued, and the beneficial conversion features were recorded as debt
discounts and amortized over the term of the note. Therefore, the total debt discounts at the inception date of this convertible promissory
note were 1,000,000. 

16 

On
November 26, 2021, the Company entered into an Amendment and Restructuring Agreement (the Labrys Restructuring Agreement with Labrys Fund LP to extend the maturity to November 11, 2022 and increased the principal amount of the convertible note by 116,800
so the total principal became 700,878. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company paid 455,000 cash to reduce the balance of the convertible promissory note from Labrys
Fund, LP. On March 30, 2022, Labrys Fund, LP converted 111,065 principal and 32,196 interest and 1,750 for fees totaling 145,012
into 5,800,000 common shares. For the quarter ended June 30, 2022, Labrys Fund, LP converted 473,012 principal and 8,750 for fees totaling
 481,762 into 22,623,012 common shares. 

Labrys Fund, LP converted
 116,800 principal into 55,304,442 shares for the quarter ended September 30, 2022. The balance of the Labrys Note as of December 31,
2022 and 2021 was 0 and 545,000, respectively. 

Convertible
Promissory Note Amir Ben-Yohanan 

On
February 2, 2021, the Company and Amir Ben-Yohanan, its Chief Executive Officer, entered into a promissory note in the total principal
amount of 2,400,000 (the Amir 2021 Note to replace the Amir 2020 note. The Amir 2021 Note memorializes a 2,400,000 loan
that Mr. Ben-Yohanan previously advanced to the Company and its subsidiaries to fund their operations. The Amir 2021 Note bears simple
interest at a rate of 8 per annum, and the Company may prepay all or any portion of the principal amount and any accrued and unpaid
interest of the Amir 2021 Note at any time without penalty. 

At
the time of the qualification by the SEC, pursuant to Regulation A under the Securities Act, 1,000,000 of the Indebtedness shall, automatically
and without any further action of the Company or the Holder, be converted into a number of restricted fully paid and non-assessable shares
of shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share, of the Company equal to (i) 1,000,000 divided by (ii) the price per share of
the Common Stock as offered in the Prospectus. 

As
of June 11, 2021, the Company received notice of qualification by the SEC. Accordingly, the principal balance of 1,000,000 has been
converted to common stock and recorded under shares to be issued until it is issued. 

The
balance as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was [ ] and 1,269,864, respectively. The final maturity date of the Amir 2021 Note is February
2, 2024. 

Rui
Wu Note Purchase Agreement, Convertible Promissory Note, Warrant, and Security Agreement 

On
August 27, 2021, the Company entered into a note purchase agreement (the Rui Wu Note Purchase Agreement with Rui Wu, an
individual Rui Wu ), with an effective date of August 26, 2021, pursuant to which, on same date, the Company issued a convertible
promissory note to Rui Wu in the aggregate principal amount of 550,000 for a purchase price of 500,000, reflecting a 50,000 original
issue discount (the Rui Wu Note and, in connection therewith, issued to Rui Wu a Warrant to purchase 125,000 shares of
the Company s common stock, par value 0.001 per share (the Company Common Stock at an exercise price of 2.00 per
share, subject to adjustment (the Rui Wu Warrant ). In addition, in connection with the Rui Wu Note Purchase Agreement,
the Company entered into a Security Agreement on same date with Rui Wu, pursuant to which the Company s obligations under the Rui
Wu Note were secured by a first priority lien and security interest on all of the assets of the Company (the Rui Wu Security Agreement ).
While each of the Rui Wu Warrant, Security Agreement, Note, and Note Purchase Agreement have an effective date and/or effective issue
date of August 26, 2021, each was entered into and/or issued on August 27, 2021. 

The
Rui Wu Note has a maturity date of August 26, 2022 and bears interest at 10 per year. No payments of the principal amount or interest
are due prior to the maturity date other than as specifically set forth in the Rui Wu Note, and the Company may prepay all or any portion
of the principal amount and any accrued and unpaid interest at any time without penalty. 

The
Rui Wu Note (and the principal amount and any accrued and unpaid interest) is convertible into shares of Company Common Stock at any
time following August 26, 2021 until the note is repaid. The conversion price per share of Common Stock shall initially mean the lesser
of (i) 1.00 or (ii) 75 of the lowest daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock during the 20 Trading Days (as defined
in the Rui Wu Note) immediately preceding the date of the respective conversion. The conversion price is subject to customary adjustments
for any stock splits, etc. which occur following the determination of the conversion price. 

The
Rui Wu Note contains customary events of default, including, but not limited to: 

if the Company fails to
 pay the then-outstanding principal amount and accrued interest on the Rui Wu Note on any date any such amounts become due and payable,
 and any such failure is not cured within three business days of written notice thereof by Rui Wu; or 

the Company fails to remain
 compliant with the Depository Trust Company DTC ), thus incurring a chilled status with DTC; or 

any trading suspension
 is imposed by the SEC under Section 12(j) or Section 12(k) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
 Act or 

the occurrence of any delisting
 of the Company Common Stock from any securities exchange on which the Company Common Stock is listed or suspension of trading of
 the Company Common Stock on the OTC Markets. 

17 

If
an event of default has occurred and is continuing, Rui Wu may declare all or any portion of the then-outstanding principal amount of
the Rui Wu Note, together with all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, due and payable, and the Rui Wu Note shall thereupon become immediately
due and payable in cash and Rui Wu will also have the right to pursue any other remedies that Rui Wu may have under applicable law. In
the event that any amount due under the Rui Wu Note is not paid as and when due, such amounts shall accrue interest at the rate of 18 
per year, simple interest, non-compounding, until paid. 

The
 50,000 original issue discounts, the fair value of 125,000 warrants issued, and the conversion features were recorded as debt discounts
and amortized over the term of the note. Therefore, the total debt discount at the inception date of this convertible promissory note
were recorded at 550,000. For the excess amount of derivative liability, the Company recorded accretion expense of 514,850 at the inception
date of this note. 

The
balance of the Riu Wu Note as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 550,000 and 550,000, respectively. 

Chris
Etherington Note Purchase Agreement, Convertible Promissory Note, Warrant, and Security Agreement 

On
August 27, 2021, the Company entered into a note purchase agreement (the Chris Etherington Note Purchase Agreement with
Chris Etherington, with an effective date of August 26, 2021, pursuant to which, on same date, the Company issued a convertible promissory
note to Mr. Etherington in the aggregate principal amount of 165,000 for a purchase price of 150,000, reflecting a 15,000 original
issue discount (the Chris Etherington Note and, in connection therewith, issued to Mr. Etherington a Warrant to purchase
37,500 shares of the Company s common stock, par value 0.001 per share (the Company Common Stock at an exercise
price of 2.00 per share, subject to adjustment (the Chris Etherington Warrant ). In addition, in connection with the Chris
Etherington Note Purchase Agreement, the Company entered into a Security Agreement on same date with Mr. Etherington, pursuant to which
the Company s obligations under the Chris Etherington Note were secured by a first priority lien and security interest on all of
the assets of the Company (the Chris Etherington Security Agreement ). While each of the Chris Etherington Warrant, Security
Agreement, Note, and Note Purchase Agreement have an effective date and/or effective issue date of August 26, 2021, each was entered
into and/or issued on August 27, 2021. 

The
Chris Etherington Note has a maturity date of August 26, 2022 and bears interest at 10 per year. No payments of the principal amount
or interest are due prior to the maturity date other than as specifically set forth in the Chris Etherington Note, and the Company may
prepay all or any portion of the principal amount and any accrued and unpaid interest at any time without penalty. 

The
Chris Etherington Note (and the principal amount and any accrued and unpaid interest) is convertible into shares of Company Common Stock
at any time following August 26, 2021 until the note is repaid. The conversion price per share of Common Stock shall initially mean the
lesser of (i) 1.00 or (ii) 75 of the lowest daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock during the 20 Trading Days (as
defined in the Chris Etherington Note) immediately preceding the date of the respective conversion. The conversion price is subject to
customary adjustments for any stock splits, etc. which occur following the determination of the conversion price. 

The
Chris Etherington Note contains customary events of default, including, but not limited to: 

if the Company fails to
 pay the then-outstanding principal amount and accrued interest on the Chris Etherington Note on any date any such amounts become
 due and payable, and any such failure is not cured within three business days of written notice thereof by Mr. Etherington; or 

the Company fails to remain
 compliant with the Depository Trust Company DTC ), thus incurring a chilled status with DTC; or 

any trading suspension
 is imposed by the SEC under Section 12(j) or Section 12(k) of the Exchange Act; or 

the occurrence of any delisting
 of the Company Common Stock from any securities exchange on which the Company Common Stock is listed or suspension of trading of
 the Company Common Stock on the OTC Markets. 

If
an event of default has occurred and is continuing, Mr. Etherington may declare all or any portion of the then-outstanding principal
amount of the Chris Etherington Note, together with all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, due and payable, and the Chris Etherington
Note shall thereupon become immediately due and payable in cash and Mr. Etherington will also have the right to pursue any other remedies
that Mr. Etherington may have under applicable law. In the event that any amount due under the Chris Etherington Note is not paid as
and when due, such amounts shall accrue interest at the rate of 18 per year, simple interest, non-compounding, until paid. 

The
 15,000 original issue discounts, the fair value of 37,500 warrants issued, and the conversion features were recorded as debt discounts
and amortized over the term of the note. Therefore, the total debt discount at the inception date of this convertible promissory note
were recorded at 165,000. For the excess amount of derivative liability, the Company recorded accretion expense of 160,538 at the inception
date of this note. 

The
balance of the Chris Etherington Note as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 165,000 and 165,000, respectively. 

18 

Convertible
Promissory Note Sixth Street Lending LLC #1 

On
November 18, 2021, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Sixth Street #1 Securities Purchase Agreement with Sixth Street Lending LLC Sixth Street ), pursuant to which, on the same date, the Company issued a convertible promissory
note to Sixth Street in the aggregate principal amount of 224,000 for a purchase price of 203,750, reflecting a 20,250 original issue
discount (the Sixth Street #1 Note ). At closing, the Company reimbursed Sixth Street the sum of 3,750 for Sixth Street s
costs in completing the transaction. 

The
Sixth Street Note #1has a maturity date of November 18, 2022 (the Maturity Date and bears interest at 10 per year. No
payments of the principal amount or interest are due prior to the Maturity Date, other than as specifically set forth in the Note. The
Company may not prepay the Sixth Street Note prior to the Maturity Date, other than by way of a conversion initiated by Sixth Street. 

The
Sixth Street #1 Note provides Sixth Street with conversion rights to convert all or any part of the outstanding and unpaid principal
amount of the Sixth Street Note from time to time into fully paid and non-assessable shares of the Company s Common Stock, par
value 0.001 Common Stock ). Conversion rights are exercisable at any time during the period beginning on May 17, 2022
(180 days from when the Sixth Street Note was issued) and ending on the later of (i) the Maturity Date and (ii) the date of payment of
the amounts due upon an uncured event of default. Any principal that Sixth Street elects to convert will convert at the Conversion Price,
which is a Common Stock per share price equal to the lesser of a Variable Conversion Price and 1.00. The Variable Conversion Price is
75 of the Market Price, which is the lowest dollar volume-weighted average sale price VWAP during the 20-trading day
period ending on the trading day immediately preceding the conversion date. VWAP is based on trading prices on the principal market for
Company Common Stock or, if none, OTC. Currently, the Common Stock trades OTC. In no event is Sixth Street entitle to convert any portion
of the Sixth Street Note upon which conversion Sixth Street and its affiliates would beneficially own more than 4.99 of the outstanding
shares of Company Common Stock. 

The
Sixth Street #1 Note contains customary events of default, including, but not limited to: (1) failure to pay principal or interest on
the Sixth Street Note when due; (2) failure to issue and transfer Common Stock upon exercise of Sixth Street of its conversion rights;
(3) an uncured breach of any of the Company s other material obligations contained in the Sixth Street Note; and (4) the Company s
breach of any representation or warranty in the Securities Purchase Agreement or other related agreements. 

If
an event of default occurs and continues uncured, the Sixth Street Note becomes immediately due and payable. If an event of default occurs
because the Company fails to issue shares of Common Stock to Sixth Street within three business days of receiving a notice of conversion
from Sixth Street, the Company shall pay an amount equal to 200 of the Default Amount (defined below) in full satisfaction of the Company s
obligations under the Sixth Street Note. If an event of default occurs for any other reason that continues uncured (except in the case
of appointment of a receiver, bankruptcy, liquidation, or a similar default), the Company shall pay an amount equal to 150 of the Default
Amount (defined below) in full satisfaction of the Company s obligations under the Sixth Street Note. 

The
 Default Amount is equal to the sum of (a) accrued and unpaid interest on the principal amount of the Sixth Street Note
to the date of payment plus (b) default interest, which is calculated based on a rate of 22 per year (inclusive of the 10 interest
per year that would be due absent an event of default), plus (c) certain other amounts that may be owed under the Sixth Street Note. 

The
balance of the Sixth Street #1 note as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 0 and 224,000 , respectively. 

Convertible
Promissory Note Sixth Street Lending LLC #2 

On
December 9, 2021, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement, (the Sixth Street #2 purchase agreement dated
December 9, 2021, by and between the Company and Sixth Street Lending LLC (the Buyer ). Pursuant to the terms of the SPA,
the Company agreed to issue and sell, and the Buyer agreed to purchase (the Purchase ), a convertible note in the aggregate
principal amount of 93,500 (the Sixth Street #2 Note ). The Note has an original issue discount of 8,500, resulting in
gross proceeds to the Company of 85,000. 

The
Sixth Street #2 Note bears interest at a rate of 10 per annum and matures on December 9, 2022. Any amount of principal or interest on
the Note which is not paid when due will bear interest at a rate of 22 per annum. The Note may not be prepaid in whole or in part except
as provided in the Note by way of conversion at the option of the Buyer. 

The
Buyer has the right from time to time, and at any time during the period beginning on the date that is 180 days following December
9, 2021 and ending on the later of (i) December 9, 2022, and (ii) the date of payment of the Default Amount (as defined in the
Note), to convert all or any part of the outstanding and unpaid principal amount of the Note into common stock, subject to a 4.99 
equity blocker. 

The
conversion price of the Sixth Street #2 Note equals the lesser of the Variable Conversion Price (as hereinafter defined) and 1.00. The
 Variable Conversion Price means 75 multiplied by the lowest VWAP (as defined in the Note) for the Company s common
stock during the 20 trading date period ending on the latest complete trading day prior to the conversion date. 

The
balance of the Sixth Street #2 note as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 0 and 93,500, respectively. 

19 

Convertible
Note Fast Capital, LLC 

On
January 13, 2022, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement, (the SPA dated as of January 10, 2022, by
and between the Company and Fast Capital, LLC (the Buyer ). Pursuant to the terms of the SPA, the Company agreed to issue
and sell, and the Buyer agreed to purchase (the Purchase ), a 10 convertible note in the aggregate principal amount of
 120,000 (the Note ). The Note has an original issue discount of 10,000, resulting in gross proceeds to the Company of
 110,000. 

The
Note bears interest at a rate of 10 per annum and reached maturity on January 10, 2023. The Note may be prepaid or assigned with the
following penalties/premiums: 

Prepay
 Date 
 
 Prepay
 Amount 
 
 On or before 30 days 
 
 115 of principal plus
 accrued interest 
 
 31 60 days 
 
 120 of principal plus
 accrued interest 
 
 61 90 days 
 
 125 of principal plus
 accrued interest 
 
 91 120 days 
 
 130 of principal plus
 accrued interest 
 
 121 150 days 
 
 135 of principal plus
 accrued interest 
 
 151 180 days 
 
 140 of principal plus
 accrued interest 

The
Note may not be prepaid after the 180 th day. 

The
Buyer has the right from time to time, and at any time after 180 days to convert all or any part of the outstanding and unpaid principal
amount of the Note into common stock, subject to a 4.99 equity blocker. 

The
conversion price of the Note equals 70 of the lowest trading price of the Company s common stock for the 20 prior trading days,
including the day upon which a notice of conversion is delivered. 

The
balance of the Fast Capital note as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 120,000 and 0, respectively. 

Convertible
Note Sixth Street Lending LLC #3 

On
January 12, 2022, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement, (the SPA dated January 12, 2022, by and between
the Company and Sixth Street Lending LLC (the Buyer ). Pursuant to the terms of the SPA, the Company agreed to issue and
sell, and the Buyer agreed to purchase (the Purchase ), a convertible promissory note in the aggregate principal amount
of 70,125 (the Note ). The Note has an original issue discount of 6,375, resulting in gross proceeds to the Company of
 63,750. 

The
Note bears interest at a rate of 10 per annum and matures on January 12, 2023. Any amount of principal or interest on the Note which
is not paid when due will bear interest at a rate of 22 per annum. The Note may not be prepaid in whole or in part except as provided
in the Note by way of conversion at the option of the Buyer. 

The
Buyer has the right from time to time, and at any time during the period beginning on the date that is 180 days following January 12,
2022 and ending on the later of (i) January 12, 2023, and (ii) the date of payment of the Default Amount (as defined in the Note), to
convert all or any part of the outstanding and unpaid principal amount of the Note into common stock, subject to a 4.99 equity blocker. 

The
conversion price of the Note equals the lesser of the Variable Conversion Price (as hereinafter defined) and 1.00. The Variable
Conversion Price means 75 multiplied by the lowest VWAP (as defined in the Note) for the Company s common stock during
the 20 trading date period ending on the latest complete trading day prior to the conversion date. 

The
balance of the Sixth Street Lending LLC note as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 0 and 0, respectively. 

Amendment
No. 1 to Tiger Trout Convertible Note 

On
January 29, 2021, the Company issued to Tiger Trout Capital Puerto Rico, LLC Tiger Trout a convertible promissory note
in the aggregate principal amount of 1,540,000 for a purchase price of 1,100,000, reflecting a 440,000 original issue discount (the
 Tiger Trout Note ). The Tiger Trout Note had a maturity date of January 29, 2022. On January 28, 2022, the parties to the
Tiger Trout Note entered into Amendment No. 1 to Convertible Promissory Note, dated as of January 25, 2022 (the Note Amendment ).
Pursuant to the terms of the Note Amendment, the maturity date of the Tiger Trout Note was extended to August 24, 2022. As consideration
for Tiger Trout s agreement to extend the maturity date, the principal amount of the Tiger Trout Note was increased by 388,378,
to be a total of 1,928,378. As of January 25, 2022, the indebtedness under the Tiger Trout Note was 2,083,090, comprised of 1,928,378
of principal and 154,712 of accrued interest. Following January 25, 2022, interest will continue to accrue on the principal amount of
 1,928,378 at an interest rate of 10 . 

20 

The
parties further agreed that to the extent the indebtedness under the Tiger Trout Note has not been earlier repaid or converted to common
stock as set forth therein, in the event that the Company completes a firm commitment underwritten public offering of its common stock
that results in the common stock being successfully listed on the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the New York Stock
Exchange or the NYSE American prior to the maturity date of the Tiger Trout Note, as amended by the Note Amendment, then, following completion
of the initial public offering, the Company will use the proceeds to repay indebtedness under the Tiger Trout Note in full. 

Except
as set forth in the Note Amendment, the terms of the Tiger Trout Note remain in full force and effect. 

Amendment
No. 2 to Tiger Trout Convertible Note 

As
previously disclosed in a Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 3, 2022 by the Company, on January 28, 2022, the
Company entered into Amendment No. 1 to Convertible Promissory Note, dated as of January 25, 2022 (the Note Amendment 1 with Tiger Trout Capital Puerto Rico, LLC Tiger Trout ), which amended a convertible promissory note in the aggregate principal
amount of 1,540,000 for a purchase price of 1,100,000, reflecting a 440,000 original issue discount (the Tiger Trout Note ). 

On
June 29, 2022, the parties to the Note Amendment 1 and Tiger Trout Note entered into Amendment No. 2 to Convertible Promissory Note,
dated as of June 29, 2022 (the Note Amendment 2 ). Pursuant to the terms of the Note Amendment 2: 

(i) 
 the principal amount of
 the Tiger Trout Note was amended to be 1,250,000; and 

(ii) 
 Section
3(c) of the Tiger Trout Note was amended and restated in its entirety to provide a conversion price equal to 85 of the closing per share
trading price of the Company s Common Stock on the last trading day prior to the delivery of the notice of conversion, as reported
on the National Quotations Bureau OTC Market exchange which the Company s shares are traded. 

Amendment
No. 3 to Tiger Trout Convertible Note 

On
June 30, 2022, the parties to the Note Amendment 2, Note Amendment 1 and Tiger Trout Note entered into Amendment No. 3 to Convertible
Promissory Note, dated as of June 30, 2022 (the Note Amendment 3 ). Pursuant to the terms of the Note Amendment 3, the Tiger
Trout Note was amended as follows: 

(i) 
 the principal amount of the Tiger Trout Note was amended
 to be 1,115,000; and 

(ii) 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Tiger Trout Note, the parties acknowledge and agree
 that Tiger Trout may elect to convert the Tiger Trout Note into Conversion Shares at any time at the election of Tiger
 Trout, subject to the other limitations and requirements of the Tiger Trout Note, and the Conversion Period (as defined
 in the Tiger Trout Note) is amended to be the period from June 30, 2022 to the date of full repayment of all Indebtedness (as defined
 in the Tiger Trout Note). 

Amendment
No. 1 to ProActive Note 

On
January 20, 2021, the Company issued to ProActive Capital SPV I, LLC ProActive a convertible promissory note in the aggregate
principal amount of 250,000 for a purchase price of 225,000, reflecting a 25,000 original issue discount (the ProActive Note ).
The ProActive Note had a maturity date of January 20, 2022. On February 8, 2022, the parties to the ProActive Note entered into Amendment
No. 1 to Convertible Promissory Note, dated as of February 4, 2022 (the Note Amendment ). Pursuant to the terms of the Note
Amendment, the maturity date of the ProActive Note was extended to September 20, 2022. As consideration for ProActive s agreement
to extend the maturity date, the principal amount of the ProActive Note was increased by 50,000, to be a total of 300,000. As of February
4, 2022, the indebtedness under the ProActive Note was 275,000, comprised of 250,000 of principal and 25,000 of accrued interest.
Following February 4, 2022, interest will continue to accrue on the principal amount of 300,000 at an interest rate of 10 . 

The
parties further agreed that to the extent the indebtedness under the ProActive Note has not been earlier repaid or converted to
common stock as set forth therein, in the event that the Company completes a firm commitment underwritten public offering of its
common stock that results in the common stock being successfully listed on the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the
New York Stock Exchange or the NYSE American prior to the maturity date of the ProActive Note, as amended by the Note Amendment,
then, following completion of the initial public offering, the Company will use the proceeds to repay indebtedness under the
ProActive Note in full. 

Except
as set forth in the Note Amendment, the terms of the ProActive Note remain in full force and effect. 

Convertible
Promissory Note ONE44 Capital LLC 

On
February 16, 2022, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement, (the ONE44 Capital purchase agreement dated
February 15, 2022, by and between the Company and ONE44 Capital LLC. Pursuant to the terms of the SPA, the Company agreed to issue and
sell, and the Buyer agreed to purchase, a convertible note in the aggregate principal amount of 175,500 (the ONE44 Capital Note ).
The ONE44 Capital Note has an original issue discount of 17,500, resulting in gross proceeds to the Company of 158,000. 

21 

The
ONE44 Capital Note bears interest at a rate of 4 per annum and matures on February 16, 2023. Any amount of principal or interest on
the Note which is not paid when due will bear interest at a rate of 24 per annum. The Note may not be prepaid in whole or in part except
as provided in the Note by way of conversion at the option of the Buyer. 

The
Buyer has the right from time to time, and at any time during the period beginning on the date that is 180 days following February 16,
2022 and ending on the later of (i) February 16, 2023, and (ii) the date of payment of the Default Amount (as defined in the Note), to
convert all or any part of the outstanding and unpaid principal amount of the Note into common stock, subject to a 4.99 equity blocker. 

The
conversion price of the ONE44 Capital Note equals the lesser of the Variable Conversion Price (as hereinafter defined) and 1.00. The
 Variable Conversion Price means 65 multiplied by the lowest VWAP (as defined in the Note) for the Company s common
stock during the 3 trading date period ending on the latest complete trading day prior to the conversion date. 

Since
the conversion price is based on 65 of the VWAP during the 3-trading day period immediately prior to the option conversion date, the
Company has determined that the conversion feature is considered a derivative liability for the Company, which is detailed in Note 10. 

The
 17,500 original issue discounts, the 8,000 reimbursement and the conversion features were recorded as debt discounts and amortized
over the term of the note. Therefore, the total debt discount at the inception date of this convertible promissory note were recorded
at 148,306. 

ONE44
Capital LLC converted 40,500 principal and 820 accrued interest to 59,595,837 common shares in the quarter ended September 30, 2022.
The balance of the ONE44 Capital note as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was 135,000 and 0, respectively. 

The
balance of the ONE44 Capital LLC note as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 135,000 and 0, respectively. 

Convertible
Promissory Note Coventry Enterprise, LLC 

On
March 3, 2022, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement, (the Coventry Enterprise purchase agreement dated
March 3, 2023, by and between the Company and Coventry Enterprise, LLC. Pursuant to the terms of the SPA, the Company agreed to issue
and sell, and the Buyer agreed to purchase, a convertible note in the aggregate principal amount of 150,000 (the Coventry Enterprise
Note ). The Coventry Note has an original issue discount of 30,000, resulting in gross proceeds to the Company of 120,000. Pursuant
to the terms of the Coventry SPA, the Company also agreed to issue 150,000 shares of restricted common stock to Coventry as additional
consideration for the purchase of the Coventry Note. 

The
Coventry Enterprise Note bears interest at a rate of 10 per annum and matures on March 3, 2023. Any amount of principal or interest
on the Note which is not paid when due will bear interest at a rate of 18 per annum. The Note may not be prepaid in whole or in part
except as provided in the Note by way of conversion at the option of the Buyer. 

The
Buyer has the right from time to time, and at any time during the period beginning on the date that is 180 days following March 3, 2022
and ending on the later of (i) March 3, 2023, and (ii) the date of payment of the Default Amount (as defined in the Note), to convert
all or any part of the outstanding and unpaid principal amount of the Note into common stock, subject to a 4.99 equity blocker. 

The
conversion price of the Coventry Enterprise Note equals the lesser of the Variable Conversion Price (as hereinafter defined). The Variable
Conversion Price means 90 multiplied by the lowest VWAP (as defined in the Note) for the Company s common stock during
the 10 trading date period ending on the latest complete trading day prior to the conversion date. 

Since
the conversion price is based on 90 of the VWAP during the 10-trading day period immediately prior to the option conversion date, the
Company has determined that the conversion feature is considered a derivative liability for the Company, which is detailed in Note 10. 

The
 30,000 original issue discounts, 150,000 shares issued, and the conversion features were recorded as debt discounts and amortized
over the term of the note. Therefore, the total debt discount at the inception date of this convertible promissory note were
recorded at 150,000. 

Coventry
Enterprise, LLC converted 30,503 principal and 21,417 accrued interest to 89,624,638 common shares in the quarter ended September 30,
2022. 

On
December 20, 2022, the Company entered into a Debt Repayment and Release Agreement by and between the Company and Coventry Enterprises
LLC Coventry ). Pursuant to the terms of the Agreement, the Company agreed to pay to Coventry 51,877 as full and complete
payment of certain debt owed by the Company to Coventry pursuant to a 10 promissory note, dated as of March 3, 2022, in the principal
sum of 103,753, plus accrued interest in the approximate amount of 142. On December 20, 2022, pursuant to the terms of the Agreement,
the Company paid Coventry 51,877, the Debt was settled and the Note was terminated. 

The
balance of the Coventry Enterprise note as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was 0 and 0, respectively. 

22 

Convertible
Promissory Note Diagonal Lending LLC 

On
June 23, 2022, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement, (the Sixth Street #4 purchase agreement ), by and
between the Company and Diagonal Lending LLC. Pursuant to the terms of the SPA, the Company agreed to issue and sell, and the Buyer agreed
to purchase, a convertible note in the aggregate principal amount of 86,625 (the Diagonal Note ). The Diagonal Note has
an original issue discount of 7,875, 3,000.00 paid to legal counsel for the Company, and 750.00 which amount was retained by the Investor
as a due diligence fee resulting in gross proceeds to the Company of 75,000. 

The
Note has a maturity date of June 23, 2023 and bears interest at 10 per annum. No payments of the principal amount or interest are due
prior to the maturity date, other than as specifically set forth in the Note. The Company may not prepay the Note prior to the maturity
date, other than by way of a conversion initiated by Investor. 

The
Note provides Investor with conversion rights to convert all or any part of the outstanding and unpaid principal amount of the Note at
any time, from time to time, and at any time during the period beginning on the date which is one hundred eighty (180) days following
the date of the Note and ending on the later of: (i) the Maturity Date; and (ii) the date of payment of the Default Amount (as defined
in the Note). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Investor shall not be entitled to a conversion under the Note upon which the sum of
(1) the number of shares of common stock, 0.000001 par value per share Common Stock beneficially owned by the Investor
and its affiliates (other than shares of Common Stock which may be deemed beneficially owned through the ownership of the unconverted
portion of the Note or the unexercised or unconverted portion of any other security of the Company subject to a similar limitation on
conversion or exercise) and (2) the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the conversion would result in beneficial ownership
by the Investor and its affiliates of more than 4.99 of the outstanding shares of Common Stock. 

The
conversion price is equal to the lesser of the variable conversion price and fixed conversion price which is 1.00. The variable conversion
price is defined in the Note as 75 multiplied by the lowest VWAP for shares of Common Stock during the 20 trading days immediately preceding
the Conversion Date. 

Since
the conversion price is based on the lesser of (i) 1.00 or (ii) 75 of the VWAP during the 20-trading day period immediately prior to
the option conversion date, the Company has determined that the conversion feature is considered a derivative liability for the Company,
which is detailed in Note 10. 

The
 11,625 original issue discounts and the conversion features were recorded as debt discounts and amortized over the term of the note.
Therefore, the total debt discount at the inception date of this convertible promissory note were recorded at 86,625. 

The
balance of the Diagonal note as of September 30, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was 86,625 and 0, respectively. 

Convertible
Promissory Note Diagonal Lending LLC 

On
July 8, 2022, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement, (the 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC purchase agreement ),
by and between the Company and Diagonal Lending LLC. Pursuant to the terms of the SPA, the Company agreed to issue and sell, and the
Buyer agreed to purchase, a convertible note in the aggregate principal amount of 61,812 (the Diagonal Note ). The Diagonal
Note has an original issue discount of 5,375 and 3,750 paid to legal counsel for the Company, resulting in gross proceeds to the Company
of 52,688. 

The
Note has a maturity date of July 8, 2023 and bears interest at 10 per annum. No payments of the principal amount or interest are due
prior to the maturity date, other than as specifically set forth in the Note. The Company may not prepay the Note prior to the maturity
date, other than by way of a conversion initiated by Investor. 

The
Note provides Investor with conversion rights to convert all or any part of the outstanding and unpaid principal amount of the Note
at any time, from time to time, and at any time during the period beginning on the date which is one hundred eighty (180) days
following the date of the Note and ending on the later of: (i) the Maturity Date; and (ii) the date of payment of the Default Amount
(as defined in the Note). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Investor shall not be entitled to a conversion under the Note upon
which the sum of (1) the number of shares of common stock, 0.000001 par value per share Common Stock beneficially
owned by the Investor and its affiliates (other than shares of Common Stock which may be deemed beneficially owned through the
ownership of the unconverted portion of the Note or the unexercised or unconverted portion of any other security of the Company
subject to a similar limitation on conversion or exercise) and (2) the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the conversion
would result in beneficial ownership by the Investor and its affiliates of more than 4.99 of the outstanding shares of Common
Stock. 

The
conversion price is equal to the lesser of the variable conversion price and fixed conversion price which is 1.00. The variable conversion
price is defined in the Note as 75 multiplied by the lowest VWAP for shares of Common Stock during the 20 trading days immediately preceding
the Conversion Date. 

23 

Since
the conversion price is based on the lesser of (i) 1.00 or (ii) 75 of the VWAP during the 20-trading day period immediately prior to
the option conversion date, the Company has determined that the conversion feature is considered a derivative liability for the Company,
which is detailed in Note 10. 

The
 5,375 original issue discounts and the conversion features were recorded as debt discounts and amortized over the term of the note.
Therefore, the total debt discount at the inception date of this convertible promissory note were recorded at 61,812. 

The
balance of the Diagonal note as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was 61,812 and 0, respectively. 

Convertible
Promissory Note Scott Hoey 

On
September 10, 2020, the Company entered into a note purchase agreement with Scott Hoey, pursuant to which, on same date, the Company
issued a convertible promissory note to Mr. Hoey the aggregate principal amount of 7,500 for a purchase price of 7,500 Hoey
Note ). 

The
Hoey Note had a maturity date of September 10, 2022 and bore interest at 8 per year. No payments of the principal amount or interest
are due prior to the maturity date other than as specifically set forth in the Hoey Note, and the Company may prepay all or any portion
of the principal amount and any accrued and unpaid interest at any time without penalty. Mr. Hoey had the right, until the Indebtedness
is paid in full, to convert all, but only all, of the then-outstanding Indebtedness into shares of Company common stock at a conversion
price of 50 of the volume weighted average of the closing price VWAP during the 20-trading day period immediately prior
to the option conversion date, subject to customary adjustments for stock splits, etc. occurring after the issuance date. 

On
December 8, 2020, the Company issued to Mr. Hoey 10,833 shares of Company common stock upon the conversion of the 7,500 convertible
promissory note issued to Mr. Hoey at a conversion price of 0.69 per share. 

Since
the conversion price is based on 50 of the VWAP during the 20-trading day period immediately prior to the option conversion date, the
Company has determined that the conversion feature is considered a derivative liability for the Company, which is detailed in Note 10. 

The
balance of the Hoey Note as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 0 and 0, respectively. 

Convertible
Promissory Note Cary Niu 

On
September 18, 2020, the Company entered into a note purchase agreement with Cary Niu, pursuant to which, on same date, the Company issued
a convertible promissory note to Ms. Niu the aggregate principal amount of 50,000 for a purchase price of 50,000 Niu Note ). 

The
Niu Note has a maturity date of September 18, 2022 and bears interest at 8 per year. No payments of the principal amount or interest
are due prior to the maturity date other than as specifically set forth in the Niu Note, and the Company may prepay all or any portion
of the principal amount and any accrued and unpaid interest at any time without penalty. Ms. Niu will have the right, until the Indebtedness
is paid in full, to convert all, but only all, of the then-outstanding Indebtedness into shares of Company common stock at a conversion
price of 30 of the volume weighted average of the closing price during the 20-trading day period immediately prior to the option conversion
date, subject to customary adjustments for stock splits, etc. occurring after the issuance date. 

Since
the conversion price is based on 30 of the VWAP during the 20-trading day period immediately prior to the option conversion date, the
Company has determined that the conversion feature is considered a derivative liability for the Company, which is detailed in Note 10. 

The
balance of the Niu Note as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 0 and 50,000, respectively. 

24 

Convertible
Promissory Note Jesus Galen 

On
October 6, 2020, the Company entered into a note purchase agreement with Jesus Galen, pursuant to which, on same date, the Company
issued a convertible promissory note to Mr. Galen the aggregate principal amount of 30,000 for a purchase price of 30,000 Galen Note ). 

The
Galen Note has a maturity date of October 6, 2022 and bears interest at 8 per year. No payments of the principal amount or interest
are due prior to the maturity date other than as specifically set forth in the Galen Note, and the Company may prepay all or any portion
of the principal amount and any accrued and unpaid interest at any time without penalty. Mr. Galen will have the right, until the Indebtedness
is paid in full, to convert all, but only all, of the then-outstanding Indebtedness into shares of Company common stock at a conversion
price of 50 of the volume weighted average of the closing price during the 20-trading day period immediately prior to the option conversion
date, subject to customary adjustments for stock splits, etc. occurring after the issuance date. 

Since
the conversion price is based on 50 of the VWAP during the 20-trading day period immediately prior to the option conversion date, the
Company has determined that the conversion feature is considered a derivative liability for the Company, which is detailed in Note 10. 

The
balance of the Galen Note as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 0 and 30,000, respectively. 

Convertible
Promissory Note Darren Huynh 

On
October 6, 2020, the Company entered into a note purchase agreement with Darren Huynh, pursuant to which, on same date, the Company issued
a convertible promissory note to Mr. Huynh the aggregate principal amount of 50,000 for a purchase price of 50,000 Huynh Note ). 

The
Huynh Note has a maturity date of October 6, 2022, and bears interest at 8 per year. No payments of the principal amount or interest
are due prior to the maturity date other than as specifically set forth in the Huynh Note, and the Company may prepay all or any portion
of the principal amount and any accrued and unpaid interest at any time without penalty. Mr. Huynh will have the right, until the Indebtedness
is paid in full, to convert all, but only all, of the then-outstanding Indebtedness into shares of Company common stock at a conversion
price of 50 of the volume weighted average of the closing price during the 20-trading day period immediately prior to the option conversion
date, subject to customary adjustments for stock splits, etc. occurring after the issuance date. 

Since
the conversion price is based on 50 of the VWAP during the 20-trading day period immediately prior to the option conversion date, the
Company has determined that the conversion feature is considered a derivative liability for the Company, which is detailed in Note 10. 

On
December 20, 2021, the Company received conversion notice to issue to Mr. Huyng 375,601 shares of Company common stock upon the conversion
of the 50,000 principal of his convertible promissory note and 4,789 accrued interest at a conversion price of 0.15 per share. The
shares have not been issued as of December 31, 2021 and subsequently issued in January 2022. 

The
balance of the Huynh Note as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 0 and 0, respectively. 

Convertible
Promissory Note Wayne Wong 

On
October 6, 2020, the Company entered into a note purchase agreement with Wayne Wong, pursuant to which, on same date, the Company issued
a convertible promissory note to Mr. Wong the aggregate principal amount of 25,000 for a purchase price of 25,000 Wong Note ). 

The
Wong Note has a maturity date of October 6, 2022, and bears interest at 8 per year. No payments of the principal amount or interest
are due prior to the maturity date other than as specifically set forth in the Wong Note, and the Company may prepay all or any portion
of the principal amount and any accrued and unpaid interest at any time without penalty. Mr. Wong will have the right, until the Indebtedness
is paid in full, to convert all, but only all, of the then-outstanding Indebtedness into shares of Company common stock at a conversion
price of 50 of the volume weighted average of the closing price during the 20-trading day period immediately prior to the option conversion
date, subject to customary adjustments for stock splits, etc. occurring after the issuance date. 

Since
the conversion price is based on 50 of the VWAP during the 20-trading day period immediately prior to the option conversion date, the
Company has determined that the conversion feature is considered a derivative liability for the Company, which is detailed in Note 10. 

On
November 8, 2021, the Company issued to Mr. Wong 47,478 shares of Company common stock upon the conversion of the 25,000 principal of
his convertible promissory note and 2,181 accrued interest at a conversion price of 0.57 per share 

The
balance of the Wong Note as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 0 and 0, respectively. 

25 

Convertible
Promissory Note Matthew Singer 

On
January 3, 2021, the Company entered into a note purchase agreement with Matthew Singer, pursuant to which, on same date, the Company
issued a convertible promissory note to Mr. Singer the aggregate principal amount of 13,000 for a purchase price of 13,000 Singer
Note ). 

The
Singer Note had a maturity date of January 3, 2023, and bore interest at 8 per year. No payments of the principal amount or
interest are due prior to the maturity date other than as specifically set forth in the Singer Note, and the Company may prepay all
or any portion of the principal amount and any accrued and unpaid interest at any time without penalty. Mr. Singer had the right,
until the Indebtedness is paid in full, to convert all, but only all, of the then-outstanding Indebtedness into shares of Company
common stock at a conversion price of 70 of the volume weighted average of the closing price during the 20-trading day period
immediately prior to the option conversion date, subject to customary adjustments for stock splits, etc. occurring after the
issuance date. 

Since
the conversion price is based on 70 of the VWAP during the 20-trading day period immediately prior to the option conversion date, the
Company has determined that the conversion feature is considered a derivative liability for the Company, which is detailed in Note 10. 

On
January 26, 2021, the Company issued to Matthew Singer 8,197 shares of Company common stock upon the conversion of the convertible promissory
note issued to Mr. Singer in the principal amount of 13,000 on January 3, 2021 at a conversion price of 1.59 per share. 

The
balance of the Singer Note as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 0 and 0, respectively. 

Convertible
Promissory Note ProActive Capital SPV I, LLC 

On
January 20, 2021, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the ProActive Capital SPA with ProActive Capital
SPV I, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company ProActive Capital ), pursuant to which, on same date, the Company (i)
issued a convertible promissory note to ProActive Capital the aggregate principal amount of 250,000 for a purchase price of 225,000,
reflecting a 25,000 original issue discount (the ProActive Capital Note ), and in connection therewith, sold to ProActive
Capital 50,000 shares of Company Common Stock at a purchase price of 0.001 per share. In addition, at the closing of this sale, the
Company reimbursed ProActive Capital the sum of 10,000 for ProActive Capital s costs in completing the transaction, which amount
ProActive Capital withheld from the total purchase price paid to the Company. 

The
ProActive Capital Note has a maturity date of January 20, 2022 and bears interest at 10 per year. No payments of the principal amount
or interest are due prior to the maturity date other than as specifically set forth in the ProActive Capital Note, and the Company may
prepay all or any portion of the principal amount and any accrued and unpaid interest at any time without penalty. The Company extended
the maturity date to September 20, 2022. 

The
ProActive Capital Note (and the principal amount and any accrued and unpaid interest) is convertible into shares of Company Common Stock
at ProActive Capital s election at any time following the time that the SEC qualifies the Company s offering statement related
to the Regulation A Offering, at a conversion price equal to 70 of the Regulation A Offering Price of the Company Common Stock in the
Regulation A Offering, and is subject to a customary beneficial ownership limitation of 9.99 , which may be waived by ProActive Capital
on 61 days notice to the Company. The conversion price is subject to customary adjustments for any stock splits, etc. which occur
following the determination of the conversion price. 

The
 25,000 original issue discounts, the fair value of 50,000 shares issued, and the beneficial conversion features were recorded as debt
discounts and amortized over the term of the note. Therefore, the total debt discounts at the inception date of this convertible promissory
note were 217,024. 

On
December 15, 2022, the Company entered into a Debt Repayment and Release Agreement by and between the Company and ProActive Capital.
Pursuant to the terms of the Agreement, the Company agreed to pay to ProActive Capital 75,000 as full and complete payment of certain
debt owed by the Company to ProActive Capital pursuant to a convertible promissory note, dated as of January 20, 2021, as amended (the
 Note ), in the principal sum of 300,000, plus accrued interest in the approximate amount of 50,000. On December 15, 2022,
pursuant to the terms of the Agreement, the Company paid ProActive Captial 75,000, the Debt was settled and the Note was terminated. 

The
balance of the ProActive Capital Note as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 0 and 250,000, respectively. 

Alden
Reiman Agreement 

On
July 31, 2022 (the Effective Date ), Clubhouse Media Group, Inc. (the Company entered into a joint venture
deal memo (the Agreement with Alden Henri Reiman Mr. Reiman ), pursuant to which the parties agreed to enter
into a more permanent joint venture arrangement, involving the creation of a Nevada limited liability company, The Reiman Agency LLC
(the Agency ), of which the Company shall own 51 of the membership units, and Mr. Reiman shall own 49 of the membership
units. Mr. Reiman is to serve as President of the Agency, pursuant to the terms of an Executive Employment Agreement described under
Item 5.02 of this Current Report on Form 8-K. The parties respective membership interests shall be non-transferrable, and the
Agency shall not issue additional membership interests, unless the parties mutually consent in each instance. 

Mr.
Reiman shall oversee the day-to-day operations of the Agency, but shall consult with the Company on a regular basis and regularly
update the Company on the status of deals and the operations of the business. All material business and financial decisions shall be
subject to the Company s final approval. The Company shall not exercise its approval rights in an arbitrary or capricious
manner. 

In
the event that Mr. Reiman determines that office space is required to properly carry on the business of the Agency, Mr. Reiman shall
have the authority to lease a reasonable office space on behalf of the Agency, subject to the Company s prior review and approval.
The Company has agreed and approved an office leasing budget of up to 200,000 USD annually. Expenses in excess of 400 USD must be pre-approved
by the Company. 

On
the Effective Date, the parties closed the Agreement by executing an Operating Agreement for the Agency, dated the Effective Date, which
encapsulates the essential terms and conditions contained in the Agreement. 

In
connection with Mr. Reiman s appointment as President of the Agency, on the Effective Date, the Company and the Agency, a majority
owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a written Executive Employment Agreement (the Employment Agreement with
Mr. Reiman for a term of two (2) years following the Effective Date (the Initial Term ). The Initial Term and any renewal
term shall automatically be extended for up to two (2) more additional terms of two (2) years (each a Renewal Term ), for
an aggregate of up to six (6) years. 

The
Employment Agreement provides Mr. Reiman with an monthly base salary of Thirty-Seven Thousand Five Hundred US Dollars 37,500 USD) per
month, payable on a weekly basis in equal weekly installments 8,653.85 USD) in accordance with the Company s own payroll policies
for the initial term, provided however, that if within the three (3) month period following full execution of the Employment Agreement
(the Period the Agency is profitable, the Base Salary shall increase to Forty-Two Thousand Five Hundred US Dollars 42,500
USD) per month, resulting in equal weekly installments of 9,807.69 USD, beginning the week following the end of the Period. 

26 

Upon
full execution of the Employment Agreement, Mr. Reiman shall also be entitled to: 

(i) 
 A
 one-time signing bonus of One Hundred Twenty-Five Thousand US Dollars 125,000 USD), as well as an additional One Hundred
 Twenty-Five Thousand US Dollars 125,000 USD), which shall be paid in equal monthly installments over the first three (3) months.
 The payments described in the previous sentence shall not apply towards the base salary, but shall be subject to a reasonable claw
 back in the event of a termination for cause; and 

(ii) 
 Twenty-Five Million (25,000,000)
 shares of unregistered Company common stock. 

Additionally,
on the last day of each month of the term, Mr. Reiman shall be entitled to an amount of shares equal to seven and one half percent (7.5 of the net receipts for the applicable month Additional Shares ), divided by the twenty (20) day VWAP of such shares from
the last day of the applicable month. All Additional Shares issued to Mr. Reiman pursuant to the Employment Agreement shall be issued
to Mr. Reiman within seven (7) business days of the date such shares vest. 

Mr.
Reiman shall also be entitled to Twenty-Five Percent (25 of the net receipts, generated by the Agency during each month (the Commission
Bonus ). The Commission Bonus shall be calculated monthly and paid to Reiman within seven (7) business days of the last business
day of the applicable month. 

Mr.
Reiman, aged 28, had previously served as Vice President of Digital Talent Brand Partnerships at BrandArmy, from 2020 through 2021.
Mr. Reiman has worked with top creators, including the Ace Family, BowWow, Nathan Davis Jr., Trevor Stines, Matthew Espinosa, Landon
McBroom, and Ireland Baldwin among others, and has brokered more than 5,000,000 in brand partnership agreements since 2020. Previously,
Mr. Reiman led digital talent for an LA-based boutique agency and formerly worked at both CAA and the NFL, from 2016 through 2020. 

Call
Agreements 

On
March 12, 2021, Harris Tulchin, a Director of the Company, entered into separate Call Agreements with each of Amir Ben-Yohanan,
a Director and the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Christian Young, a former Director and the former President and Secretary
of the Company. The call agreements allowed Harris Tulchin to acquire certain shares from Amir Ben-Yohanan and Christian Young at any
time before November 13, 2025. 

Employment
Agreements 

Harris
Tulchin Employment Agreement 

On
April 9, 2021, the Company entered into employment agreement with Harris Tulchin. Pursuant to this employment agreement, Mr. Tulchin
agreed to serve as Chief Operating Officer of the Company, reporting to the Chief Executive Officer of the Company (or other person determined
by the Chief Executive Officer or the Company s Board of Directors (the Board )). As compensation for Mr. Tulchin s
services, the Company agreed to pay Mr. Tulchin an annual base salary of 380,000 (the Base Salary comprised of two parts
a Cash Portion , and an Optional Portion . The Cash Portion is a monthly cash payment of 15,000 or
 180,000 on an annual basis. The remaining 200,000 per year the Optional Portion is payable as follows: 

If the Company s
 Board determines that the Company has sufficient cash on hand to pay all or a portion of the Optional Portion in cash, such amount
 shall be paid in cash. 

If the Board determines
 that the Company does not have sufficient cash on hand to pay all of the Optional Portion in cash, then the portion of the Optional
 Portion which the Board determines that the Company has sufficient cash on hand to pay in cash will be paid in cash, and the remainder
 (the Deferred Portion will either be paid at a later date, when the Board determines that the Company has sufficient
 cash on hand to enable the Company to pay the Deferred Portion; or will not be paid in cash and instead, the Company will
 issue shares of Company Common Stock equal to (A) the Deferred Portion, divided by (B) the VWAP (as defined in the employment agreement)
 as of the date of issuance of such shares of Company Common Stock . 

In
addition, pursuant to the employment agreement, Mr. Tulchin is entitled to be paid discretionary annual bonuses as determined by the
Board (currently intended to be a maximum of 250,000 per year), and is also entitled to receive fringe benefits, such as, but not limited
to, reimbursement for reimbursement for all reasonable and necessary out-of-pocket business, entertainment and travel, vacation days,
and certain insurances. 

The
initial term of the employment agreement was for one year from the effective date of the agreement (i.e. April 9, 2022), and was terminated
upon expiration, April 9, 2022. 

27 

Amir
Ben-Yohanan Employment Agreement 

On
April 1, 2022, Clubhouse Media Group, Inc. (the Company entered into an employment agreement with Amir Ben-Yohanan, the
Company s Chief Executive Officer, effective April 11, 2022. The terms of the employment agreement are substantially similar to
the terms of Mr. Ben-Yohanan s prior employment agreement with the Company. Accordingly, pursuant to the terms of the employment
agreement, Mr. Ben-Yohanan will continue to serve as Chief Executive Officer of the Company, reporting to the Board of Directors (the
 Board ). As compensation for Mr. Ben-Yohanan s services, the Company agreed to pay Mr. Mr. Ben-Yohanan an annual base
salary of 400,000 (the Base Salary comprised of two parts a Cash Portion , and an Optional Portion .
The Cash Portion is a monthly cash payment of 15,000. The remaining 220,000 per year the Optional Portion is payable
as follows: 

(i) 
 If
 the Company s Board determines that the Company has sufficient cash on hand to pay all or a portion of the Optional Portion in
 cash, such amount shall be paid in cash. 

(ii) 
 If
 the Board determines that the Company does not have sufficient cash on hand to pay all of the Optional Portion in cash, then the
 portion of the Optional Portion which the Board determines that the Company has sufficient cash on hand to pay in cash will be paid
 in cash, and the remainder (the Deferred Portion will either: 

a. 
 be
 paid at a later date, when the Board determines that the Company has sufficient cash on hand to enable the Company to pay the
 Deferred Portion; or 

b. 
 will
 not be paid in cash and instead, the Company will issue shares of Company Common Stock equal to (A) the Deferred Portion,
 divided by (B) the VWAP (as defined in the employment agreement) as of the date of issuance of such shares of Company Common
 Stock. 

In
addition, pursuant to the employment agreement, Mr. Ben-Yohanan is entitled to be paid discretionary annual bonuses as determined by
the Board, and is also entitled to receive fringe benefits, such as, but not limited to, reimbursement for reimbursement for all reasonable
and necessary out-of-pocket business, entertainment and travel, vacation days, and certain insurances. 

The
initial term of the employment agreement is one year from April 11, 2022, unless earlier terminated. Thereafter, the term is automatically
extended on an annual basis for terms of one year each, unless either the Company or Mr. Ben-Yohanan provides notice to the other party
of their desire to not so renew the term of the agreement (as applicable) at least 30 days prior to the expiration of the then-current
term. 

Mr.
Ben-Yohanan s employment with the Company shall be at will, meaning that either Mr. Ben-Yohanan or the Company may
terminate Mr. Ben-Yohanan s employment at any time and for any reason, subject to certain terms and conditions. 

The
Company may terminate the employment agreement at any time, with or without cause , as defined in the employment agreement
and Mr. Ben-Yohanan may terminate the employment agreement at any time, with or without good reason , as defined in the
employment agreement. If the Company terminates the employment agreement for cause or Mr. Ben-Yohanan terminates the employment agreement
without good reason, Mr. Ben-Yohanan will be entitled to be paid any unpaid salary owed or accrued, including the issuance of any shares
of Company Common Stock owed or accrued (as compensation) as of the termination date. In the event that there was any Deferred Portion
which had been agreed to be paid in cash, such Deferred Portion instead will be paid in shares of Company Common Stock as though such
amount had been agreed to be paid via the issuance of shares of Company Common Stock. Mr. Ben-Yohanan will also be entitled to payment
for any unreimbursed expenses as of the termination date. However, any unvested portion of any equity granted to Mr. Ben-Yohanan will
be immediately forfeited as of the termination date. 

If
the Company terminates the employment agreement without cause or Mr. Ben-Yohanan terminates the employment agreement with good reason,
Mr. Ben-Yohanan will be entitled to receive the same compensation (unpaid accrued salary and unreimbursed expenses), and, in
addition, will be entitled to receive, in one lump sum, the remainder of Mr. Ben-Yohanan s annual salary that has not yet been
paid as of the date of the termination either in cash, or in shares of Company common stock. Further, any equity grant
already made to Mr. Ben-Yohanan shall, to the extent not already vested, be deemed automatically vested. 

Additional
Compensation for Directors 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Board of Directors approved and paid [ ] cash bonuses to its directors. 

Gary
Marenzi 

On
January 4, 2022, Gary Marenzi, a member of the Board of Directors of the Company, resigned from his position as a Board member, effectively
immediately. Mr. Marenzi s resignation is not the result of any disagreement with the Company on any matter relating to the Company s
operations, policies or practices. 

28 

Advisory
Board 

On
April 2, 2021, the Company established an advisory board Advisory Board to provide guidance and advice to the directors
and officers of the Company regarding technical and business matters. The advisory board has no voting powers. The Advisory Board currently
consists of three members: Amir Ben-Yohanan, Harris Tulchin and Massimiliano Musina. 

Employees 

We
currently have 3 full time employees, including Amir Ben-Yohanan, our Chief Executive Officer, Scott Hoey, our Chief Financial Officer,
and Harris Tulchin, our Chief Business Affairs Officer and Chief Legal Officer. We also contract with a number of consultants that assist
in various aspects of our operations. 

We
believe that a diverse workforce is important to our success. As we grow our business, we will focus on the hiring, retention and advancement
of women and underrepresented populations, and to cultivate an inclusive and diverse corporate culture. The Company has hired a Human
Resources consultant to evaluate and implement our ongoing human capital needs. We will continue to evaluate our use of human capital
measures or objectives in managing our business such as the factors we employ or seek to employ in the development, attraction and retention
of personnel and maintenance of diversity in our workforce. 

In
the future, we also intend to provide our employees and their families with access to a variety of innovative, flexible and convenient
health and wellness programs, including benefits that provide protection and security so they can have peace of mind concerning events
that may require time away from work or that impact their financial well-being; that support their physical and mental health by providing
tools and resources to help them improve or maintain their health status and encourage engagement in healthy behaviors; and that offer
choice where possible so they can customize their benefits to meet their needs and the needs of their families. 

We
also expect to provide robust compensation and benefits programs to help meet the needs of our employees. 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

Below
is a summary of material risks, uncertainties and other factors that could have a material effect on the Company and its operations: 

We have a history of operating
 losses, our management has concluded that factors raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern, and our
 auditors have included explanatory paragraphs relating to our ability to continue as a going concern in their audit reports for the
 fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

We are a holding company
 and our principal asset is our 100 equity interest in WOHG, through which we own 100 of each of WOHG s limited liability
 company operating subsidiaries, and accordingly we are dependent upon distributions from such operating subsidiaries to pay taxes
 and other expenses. 

WOHG is an early-stage
 company with a limited operating history. Such limited operating history of WOHG may not provide an adequate basis to judge our future
 prospects and results of operations. 

Since inception of WOHG,
 WOHG has experienced losses, and we may have to further reduce our costs by curtailing future operations to continue as a business. 

There are no assurances
 we will realize the anticipated benefits from the acquisition of WOHG. 

The current outbreak of
 the coronavirus may have a negative effect on our ability to conduct our business and operations and may also cause an overall decline
 in the economy as a whole and could materially harm our Company. 

We may be adversely affected
 by political tensions between the United States and China. 

We may fail to successfully
 execute our business plan. 

Our acquisition strategy
 creates risks for our business. 

We may not be able to effectively
 manage our growth and the increased complexity of our business, which could negatively impact our brand and financial performance. 

We may suffer from lack
 of availability of additional funds. 

Our substantial amount
 of indebtedness may adversely affect our cash flow and our ability to operate our business, remain in compliance with debt covenants
 and make payments on our indebtedness. 

The ability of our Chief
 Executive Officer, Amir Ben-Yohanan, to control our business may limit or eliminate minority stockholders ability to influence
 corporate affairs. 

Our business is subject
 to fluctuations that are not predictable, which subjects our business to increase risks. 

Our business depends on
 our ability to provide customers and followers with interesting and useful content, which in turn depends on the content contributed
 by the content creators. 

Changes in public and consumer
 tastes and preferences and industry trends could reduce demand for our services and content offerings and adversely affect our business. 

Our ability to generate
 revenue from discretionary and corporate spending, such as corporate sponsorships and advertising, is subject to many factors, including
 many that are beyond our control. 

We may not be able to adapt
 to or manage new content distribution platforms or changes in consumer behavior resulting from new technologies. 

29 

Because our success depends
 substantially on our ability to maintain a professional reputation, adverse publicity concerning us, one of our businesses, our Creators
 or our key personnel could adversely affect our business. 

We depend on the relationships
 of our talent managers and other key personnel with clients across many categories, including fashion, music, digital, and sponsorship. 

Our success depends, in
 part, on our continuing ability to identify, recruit and retain qualified and experienced talent managers. If we fail to recruit
 and retain suitable talent managers or if our relationships with our talent managers change or deteriorate, it could adversely affect
 our business. 

Our failure to identify,
 sign and retain influencer-clients could adversely affect our business. 

The markets in which we
 operate are highly competitive, both within the United States and internationally. 

We operate in a fast-evolving
 industry, and we are in the early stage of our business. We cannot guarantee that our monetization strategies will be successfully
 implemented or generate sustainable revenues and profit. 

We rely on technology,
 such as our information systems, to conduct our business. Failure to protect our technology against breakdowns and security breaches
 could adversely affect our business. 

The commercial success
 of our products is dependent, in part, on factors outside our control. 

Increases in the costs
 of content may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

In our paid promotion business,
 if we are unable to prove that our advertising and sponsorship solutions provide an attractive return on investment for our customers,
 our financial results could be harmed. 

We will be attempting to
 launch brands in new markets and with new products. Our inability to effectively execute our business plan in relation to these new
 brands could negatively impact our business. 

Our management team s
 attention may be diverted by acquisitions and searches for new acquisition targets, and our business and operations may suffer adverse
 consequences as a result. 

We may be unable to scale
 our operations successfully. 

Economic conditions or
 changing consumer preferences could adversely impact our business. 

Our intellectual property
 rights are valuable, and if we are unable to protect them or are subject to intellectual property rights claims, our business may
 be harmed. 

We may be found to have
 infringed the intellectual property rights of others, which could expose us to substantial damages or restrict our operations. 

As a creator and a distributor
 of content over the internet, we face potential liability for legal claims based on the nature and content of the materials that
 we create or distribute. 

We are subject to extensive
 U.S. and foreign governmental regulations, and our failure to comply with these regulations could adversely affect our business. 

Our results of operations,
 which are reported in U.S. dollars, could be adversely affected if currency exchange rates fluctuate substantially in the future. 

Our amended and restated
 bylaws provide that state or federal court located within the state of Nevada will be the sole and exclusive forum for substantially
 all disputes between us and our shareholders, which could limit its stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum
 for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees. 

Stockholders are bound
 by the fee-shifting provision contained in our amended and restated bylaws, which may discourage you to pursue actions against us. 

As a result of being a
 public company, we are subject to additional reporting and corporate governance requirements that will require additional management
 time, resources and expense. 

We may not have sufficient
 insurance coverage and an interruption of our business or loss of a significant amount of property could have a material adverse
 effect on our financial condition and operations. 

We could become involved
 in claims or litigations that may result in adverse outcomes. 

Trading on the OTC Markets
 is volatile and sporadic, which could depress the market price of our common stock and make it difficult for our security holders
 to resell their common stock. 

Our stock price is likely
 to be highly volatile because of several factors, including a limited public float. 

Our common stock has been
 in the past, and may be in the future, a penny stock under SEC rules. It may be more difficult to resell securities
 classified as penny stock. 

FINRA sales practice requirements
 may also limit a shareholder s ability to buy and sell our stock. 

If we fail to maintain
 effective internal control over financial reporting, the price of our securities may be adversely affected. 

We are required to comply
 with certain provisions of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act ), and
 if we fail to continue to comply, our business could be harmed and the price of our securities could decline. 

Our privately issued common
 stock is subject to risks arising from restrictions on reliance on Rule 144 by shell companies or former shell companies. 

The sale and issuance of
 additional shares of our common stock could cause dilution as well as the value of our common stock to decline. 

Substantial future sales
 of shares of our common stock could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 

Provisions of our articles
 of incorporation and bylaws may delay or prevent a takeover which may not be in the best interests of our stockholders. 

We do not expect to pay
 dividends in the foreseeable future. 

We encourage you, however,
 to read the full risk factors presented below. 

30 

RISKS
RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS 

We
have a history of operating losses, our management has concluded that factors raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as
a going concern, and our auditors have included explanatory paragraphs relating to our ability to continue as a going concern in their
audit reports for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

We
have a history of operating losses and have incurred cash flow deficits. For the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we reported
net losses of 7,525,731 and 22,245,656, respectively, and negative cash flow from operating activities of 1,958,878 and 7,970,357,
respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we had an aggregate accumulated deficit of 32,814,971. There is substantial doubt regarding
our ability to continue as a going concern as a result of our historical recurring losses and negative cash flows from operations, as
well as our dependence on private equity and financings. We anticipate that we will continue to report losses and negative cash flow
for the foreseeable future. Our management has concluded that our historical recurring losses from operations and negative cash flows
from operations, as well as our dependence on private equity and other financings, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue
as a going concern. Our auditors have included explanatory paragraphs relating to our ability to continue as a going concern in their
audit reports for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The
consolidated financial statements of Clubhouse Media do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.
These adjustments would likely include substantial impairment of the carrying amount of our assets and potential contingent liabilities
that may arise if we are unable to fulfill various operational commitments. In addition, the value of our securities would be greatly
impaired. Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon generating sufficient cash flow from operations and obtaining
additional capital and financing. If our ability to generate cash flow from operations is delayed or reduced and we are unable to raise
additional funding from other sources, we may be unable to continue in business. 

We
are a holding company and our principal asset is our 100 equity interest in WOHG, through which we own 100 of each of WOHG s
limited liability company operating subsidiaries, and accordingly we are dependent upon distributions from such operating subsidiaries
to pay taxes and other expenses. 

We
are a holding company and our principal asset is our 100 equity interests in WOHG. WOHG operates through its subsidiary wholly owned
limited liability companies, of which it owns 100 of each. Accordingly, we are dependent upon distributions from our operating subsidiaries
to pay taxes and other expenses. If our operating subsidiaries do not generate sufficient revenues such that they can provide distributions
to us, we may be unable to pay our taxes and other expenses which would have a materially adverse effect on our business operations and
our Company as a whole. 

WOHG
is an early-stage company with a limited operating history. Such limited operating history of WOHG may not provide an adequate basis
to judge our future prospects and results of operations. 

On
November 12, 2020, pursuant to the closing of the Share Exchange Agreement, we acquired WOHG, and WOHG thereafter became our wholly owned
subsidiary, and the business of WOHG became the business of the Company going forward. WOHG has limited experience and a limited operating
history in which to assess its future prospects as a company. In addition, the market for the products and services offered through WOHG
is highly competitive. If we fail to successfully develop and offer the products and services offered through WOHG in an increasingly
competitive market, we may not be able to capture the growth opportunities associated with them or recover our development and marketing
costs, and our future results of operations and growth strategies could be adversely affected. The limited history of WOHG may not provide
a meaningful basis for investors to evaluate our business, financial performance, and prospects. 

Since
inception of WOHG, WOHG has experienced losses, and we may have to further reduce our costs by curtailing future operations to continue
as a business. 

Since
inception of WOHG, WOHG has had operating losses and its cash flow has been inadequate to support its ongoing operations. Its ability
to fund its capital requirements out of its available cash and cash generated from its operations depends on a number of factors, including
its ability to gain interest in its products and services and continue growing its existing operations and its ability to raise funds
as needed. If we cannot continue to generate positive cash flow from operations, we will have to reduce our costs and try to raise working
capital from other sources. These measures could materially and adversely affect our ability to execute our operations and expand our
business. 

Our
future success will depend, in part, on our ability to realize the anticipated growth opportunities and synergies from combining Clubhouse
Media and WOHG. The combined company may encounter the following difficulties, costs and delays involved in integrating these operations: 

failure
 to integrate both companies businesses and operations; 

failure
 to successfully manage relationships with customers and other important relationships; 

failure
 of customers to continue using the services of the combined company; 

31 

challenges
 encountered in managing larger operations; 

the
 loss of key employees; 

failure
 to manage the growth and growth strategies of both companies; 

diversion
 of the attention of management from other ongoing business concerns; 

potential
 incompatibility of technologies and systems; and 

potential
 impairment charges incurred to write down the carrying amount of intangible assets generated as a result of the mergers. 

If
the combined company s operations do not meet the expectations of the pre-existing customers of our companies before, then these
customers may cease doing business with the combined company altogether, which would harm our results of operations and financial condition.
If the management team is not able to develop strategies and implement a business plan that successfully addresses these difficulties,
we may not realize the anticipated benefits of combining the companies. In particular, we are likely to realize lower earnings per share,
which may have an adverse impact on our Company and the market price of our common stock. 

The
current outbreak of the coronavirus may have a negative effect on our ability to conduct our business and operations and may also cause
an overall decline in the economy as a whole and could materially harm our Company. 

Due
to the digital/remote nature of our business, we believe that coronavirus would have a limited impact on our operations. 

We
may be adversely affected by political tensions between the United States and China. 

Political
tensions between the United States and China have escalated due to, among other things, trade disputes, the COVID-19 outbreak and sanctions
imposed by the U.S. Department of Treasury on certain officials of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region and the central government
of the PRC. On August 6, 2020, then-President Donald Trump issued an executive order requiring ByteDance to sell TikTok to an American
company, or risk being banned in the United States entirely. While ByteDance ultimately complied with this executive order, TikTok was
not banned in the United States, and it is unclear what the Biden administration s position with respect to TikTok will be, a ban
of a social media platform on which our influencers have acquired significant followers, such as TikTok, would have a material adverse
effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, there have been recent media reports on
deliberations within the U.S. government regarding potentially limiting or restricting China-based companies from accessing U.S. capital
markets. If any legislation were to be enacted or any regulations were to be adopted along these lines that ultimately had the effect
of harming or outright banning a social media platform utilized by our Company and/or its influencers, it could have a material adverse
effect on our business and operations. 

We
may fail to successfully execute our business plan. 

Our
shareholders may lose their entire investment if we fail to execute our business plan. Our prospects must be considered in light of the
following risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to, competition, the erosion of ongoing revenue streams, the ability to
retain experienced personnel and general economic conditions. We cannot guarantee that we will be successful in executing our business
plan. If we fail to successfully execute our business plan, we may be forced to cease operations, in which case our shareholders may
lose their entire investment. 

Our
acquisition strategy creates risks for our business. 

We
expect that we will pursue acquisitions of other businesses, assets or technologies to grow our business. We may fail to identify attractive
acquisition candidates or we may be unable to reach acceptable terms for future acquisitions. We might not be able to raise enough cash
to compete for attractive acquisition targets. If we are unable to complete acquisitions in the future, our ability to grow our business
at our anticipated rate will be impaired. 

We
may pay for acquisitions by issuing additional shares of our common stock, which would dilute our shareholders, or by issuing debt, which
could include terms that restrict our ability to operate our business or pursue other opportunities and subject us to meaningful debt
service obligations. We may also use significant amounts of cash to complete acquisitions. To the extent that we complete acquisitions
in the future, we likely will incur future depreciation and amortization expenses associated with the acquired assets. We may also record
significant amounts of intangible assets, including goodwill, which could become impaired in the future. Acquisitions involve numerous
other risks, including: 

difficulties
 integrating the operations, technologies, services and personnel of the acquired companies; 

challenges
 maintaining our internal standards, controls, procedures and policies; 

diversion
 of management s attention from other business concerns; 

over-valuation
 by us of acquired companies; 

32 

litigation
 resulting from activities of the acquired company, including claims from terminated employees, customers, former shareholders and
 other third parties; 

insufficient
 revenues to offset increased expenses associated with the acquisitions and unanticipated liabilities of the acquired companies; 

insufficient
 indemnification or security from the selling parties for legal liabilities that we may assume in connection with our acquisitions; 

entering
 markets in which we have no prior experience and may not succeed; 

risks
 associated with foreign acquisitions, such as communication and integration problems resulting from geographic dispersion and language
 and cultural differences, compliance with foreign laws and regulations and general economic or political conditions in other countries
 or regions; 

potential
 loss of key employees of the acquired companies; and 

impairment
 of relationships with clients and employees of the acquired companies or our clients and employees as a result of the integration
 of acquired operations and new management personnel. 

We
may not be able to effectively manage our growth and the increased complexity of our business, which could negatively impact our brand
and financial performance. 

As
we grow our business, we may incur increasing costs, such as operating costs and marketing costs. If such expansion is not properly managed,
it may adversely affect our financial and operating resources without achieving the desired effects. 

As
we only have a limited history of operating our business at its current scale, it is difficult to evaluate our current business and future
prospects, including our ability to grow in the future. In addition, our costs and expenses may increase rapidly as we expand our business.
Continued growth could also strain our ability to maintain reliable service levels for our clients and customers, develop and improve
our operational, financial, legal and management controls, and enhance our reporting systems and procedures. Our costs and expenses may
grow faster than our revenues and may be greater than what we anticipate. If we are unable to generate adequate revenues and to manage
our costs and expenses, we may continue to incur losses in the future and may not be able to achieve or subsequently maintain profitability.
Managing our growth will require significant expenditures and the allocation of valuable management resources. If we fail to achieve
the necessary level of efficiency in our organization as it grows, our business, operating results and financial condition could be harmed. 

We
may suffer from lack of availability of additional funds. 

We
expect to have ongoing needs for working capital in order to fund operations and to continue to expand our operations. To that end, we
will be required to raise additional funds through equity or debt financing. However, there can be no assurance that we will be successful
in securing additional capital on favorable terms, if at all. If we are successful, whether the terms are favorable or unfavorable, there
is a potential that we will fail to comply with the terms of such financing, which could result in severe liability for our Company.
If we are unsuccessful, we may need to (a) initiate cost reductions; (b) forego business development opportunities; (c) seek extensions
of time to fund liabilities, or (d) seek protection from creditors. In addition, any future sale of our equity securities would dilute
the ownership and control of your shares and could be at prices substantially below prices at which our shares currently trade. Our inability
to raise capital could require us to significantly curtail or terminate our operations altogether. We may seek to increase our cash reserves
through the sale of additional equity or debt securities. The sale of convertible debt securities or additional equity securities could
result in additional and potentially substantial dilution to our shareholders. The incurrence of indebtedness would result in increased
debt service obligations and could result in operating and financing covenants that would restrict our operations and liquidity. In addition,
our ability to obtain additional capital on acceptable terms is subject to a variety of uncertainties. 

In
addition, if we are unable to generate adequate cash from operations, and if we are unable to find sources of funding, it may be necessary
for us to sell all or a portion of our assets, enter into a business combination, or reduce or eliminate operations. These possibilities,
to the extent available, may be on terms that result in significant dilution to our shareholders or that result in our shareholders losing
all of their investment in our Company. 

Our
substantial amount of indebtedness may adversely affect our cash flow and our ability to operate our business, remain in compliance with
debt covenants and make payments on our indebtedness. 

Our
substantial level of indebtedness increases the possibility that we may be unable to generate cash sufficient to pay, when due, the principal
of, interest on or other amounts due with respect to our indebtedness. Our indebtedness could have other important consequences to you
as a stockholder. For example, it could: 

make
 it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to our indebtedness and any failure to comply with the obligations
 of any of our debt instruments, including financial and other restrictive covenants, could result in an event of default under the
 senior secured credit facility and the senior subordinated note; 

33 

make
 us more vulnerable to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government
 regulation; 

require
 us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability
 of our cash flows to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; 

limit
 our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate; 

place
 us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt; and 

limit
 our ability to borrow additional amounts for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution
 of our business strategy or other purposes. 

Any
of the above listed factors could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

The
ability of our Chief Executive Officer, Amir Ben-Yohanan, to control our business may limit or eliminate minority stockholders 
ability to influence corporate affairs. 

Voting
control of the Company is held by our Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Ben-Yohanan, through the share of Series X Preferred Stock he holds.
This share of Series X Preferred Stock has a number of votes at any time equal to (i) the number of votes then held or entitled to be
made by all other equity or debt securities of the Company, or pursuant to any other agreement, contract or understanding of the Company,
plus (ii) one. 

On
April 18, 2022, the Company issued 2,820,000 shares of the Company s common stock to Mr. Ben-Yohanan at a purchase price per share
of 0.025, for a total purchase price of 70,500. Mr. Ben-Yohanan is the Company s Chief Executive Officer, a member of the Company s
Board of Directors, and a significant stockholder of the Company. As a result of the share purchase, as of March 31, 2023, Mr. Ben-Yohanan
holds 4,561,363,763 shares of common stock, and one share of Series X preferred stock. The share of Series X preferred stock has a number
of votes equal to all of the other votes entitled to be cast on any matter by any other shares or securities of the Company plus one,
but does not have any economic or other interest in the Company. As a result of Mr. Ben-Yohanan s common stock and Series X preferred
stock holdings, Mr. Ben-Yohanan holds 55.2 of the voting power of the Company as of March 31, 2023. 

The
interests of our Chief Executive Officer may differ from the interests of other stockholders with respect to the issuance of shares,
business transactions with or sales to other companies, selection of other officers and directors and other business decisions. The minority
stockholders will have no way of overriding decisions made by our Chief Executive Officer. 

Our
business is subject to fluctuations that are not predictable, which subjects our business to increase risks. 

Our
business is subject to fluctuations with respect to both our influencers and the number of followers on social media we are able to access
through our influencers and our own social media channels. Either party may terminate the Management Agreement upon 30 days notice
without cause. As such, our roster of Clubhouse influencers can change rapidly and significantly, which also affects the number of social
media followers we can access, which we believe is a material factor in our ability to generate revenues. For example, at least one of
our Clubhouse influencers has over 11 million followers as of March 21, 2022 . If this influencer were to leave our Clubhouse, we
would immediately lose access to those followers through our Creator Occupancy Agreement. Further, followers on social media in general
often fluctuate significantly due to external factors that are not predictable. The unexpected loss of one or more of our influencers
and/or a reduction in the number of ours or our influencers followers could have a negative impact on our business. 

Our
business depends on our ability to provide customers and followers with interesting and useful content, which in turn depends on the
content contributed by the content creators. 

The
quality of the content offered by our influencers and their followers level of engagement are critical to our success. In order
to attract and retain users and compete effectively, we must offer interesting and useful content and enhance followers viewing
experience. It is vital to our operations that we remain sensitive to and responsive to evolving public and consumer preferences and
offer content that appeals to our followers and customers. We have also been providing our content creators with support and guidance
in various forms, including technical support for content distribution, editing and uploading. However, we cannot assure you that our
content creators can contribute to create popular contents. If our content creators cease to contribute content, or their uploaded content
fails to attract or retain our followers and customers, we may experience a decline in our business and suffer a reduction in revenue. 

34 

Changes
in public and consumer tastes and preferences and industry trends could reduce demand for our services and content offerings and adversely
affect our business. 

Our
ability to generate revenues is highly sensitive to rapidly changing consumer preferences and industry trends, as well as the popularity
of the talent, brands and owners of IP we represent, and the assets we own. Our success depends on our influencers ability to
create quality content through popular social media channels that meet the changing preferences of the broad consumer market and respond
to competition from an expanding array of choices facilitated by technological developments in the delivery of content. Our operations
and revenues are affected by consumer tastes and entertainment trends, which are unpredictable and subject to change and may be affected
by changes in the social and political climate. Changes in consumers tastes or a change in the perceptions of our business partners,
whether as a result of the social and political climate or otherwise, could adversely affect our operating results. Our failure to avoid
a negative perception among consumers or anticipate and respond to changes in consumer preferences, including in the form of content
creation or distribution, could result in reduced demand for our product and/or content offerings, or a reduced social media followings
and business opportunities for our Creators, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our
ability to create popular, social media-based entertainment content is increasingly important to the success of our business and our
ability to generate revenues. The production of entertainment content is inherently risky because the revenues we derive from various
sources primarily depend on our ability to reach large audiences and satisfy consumer tastes and expectations in a consistent manner.
The popularity of our content and owned assets is affected by our ability to maintain or develop strong brand awareness and target key
audiences, the sources and nature of competing content offerings, the time and manner in which consumers acquire and view some of our
entertainment products and the options available to advertisers for reaching their desired audiences. Consumer tastes change frequently
and it is a challenge to anticipate what offerings will be successful at any point in time. We invest substantial capital in our content
and owned assets, including in the creation of original content, before learning the extent to which it will achieve popularity with
consumers. A lack of popularity of these, our other content offerings or our owned assets, as well as labor disputes, unavailability
of a star performer, equipment shortages, cost overruns, disputes with production teams or adverse weather conditions, could have an
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our
ability to generate revenue from discretionary and corporate spending, such as corporate sponsorships and advertising, is subject to
many factors, including many that are beyond our control. 

Our
business depends on discretionary consumer and corporate spending. Many factors related to corporate spending and discretionary consumer
spending, including economic conditions affecting disposable consumer income such as unemployment levels, fuel prices, interest rates,
changes in tax rates and tax laws that impact companies or individuals and inflation can significantly impact our operating results.
While consumer and corporate spending may decline at any time for reasons beyond our control, the risks associated with our businesses
become more acute in periods of a slowing economy or recession, which may be accompanied by reductions in corporate sponsorship and advertising.
During periods of reduced economic activity, many consumers have historically reduced their discretionary spending and advertisers have
reduced their sponsorship and advertising expenditures, which can result in a reduction in sponsorship opportunities. There can be no
assurance that consumer and corporate spending will not be adversely impacted by current economic conditions, or by any future deterioration
in economic conditions, thereby possibly impacting our operating results and growth. A prolonged period of reduced consumer or corporate
spending could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We
may not be able to adapt to or manage new content distribution platforms or changes in consumer behavior resulting from new technologies. 

We
must successfully adapt to and manage technological advances in our industry, including the emergence of alternative social media platforms.
If we are unable to adopt or are late in adopting technological changes and innovations, it may lead to a loss of consumers viewing our
content, and a corresponding reduction in revenues from advertisers. It may also lead to a reduction in ours or our Creators ability
to monetize new platforms. Our ability to effectively generate revenue from new content distribution platforms and viewing technologies
will affect our ability to maintain and grow our business. Emerging forms of content distribution may provide different economic models
and compete with current distribution methods (such as Instagram and TikTok) in ways that are not entirely predictable, which could reduce
demand for promotional posts by our team of influencers. We must also adapt to changing consumer behavior driven by advances in technology.
If we fail to adapt our distribution methods and content to emerging technologies and new distribution platforms, our ability to generate
revenue from our targeted audiences may decline and could result in an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results
of operations. 

Because
our success depends substantially on our ability to maintain a professional reputation, adverse publicity concerning us, one of our businesses,
our Creators or our key personnel could adversely affect our business. 

Our
professional reputation is essential to our continued success and any decrease in the quality of our reputation could impair our ability
to, among other things, recruit and retain qualified and experienced talent managers and other key personnel, retain or attract Creators,
and retain or attract advertisers, purchasers of our products, (i.e. our customers). Our overall reputation may be negatively impacted
by a number of factors, including negative publicity concerning us, members of our management, our Creators, our customers, and other
key personnel. Any adverse publicity relating to such individuals or entities that we employ or represent, or to our Company, including
from reported or actual incidents or allegations of illegal or improper conduct, such as harassment, discrimination or other misconduct,
could result in significant media attention, even if not directly relating to or involving WOHG, and could have a negative impact on
our professional reputation, potentially resulting in termination of contracts, our inability to attract new customer or client relationships,
or the loss or termination of such employees services, all of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and
results of operations. Our professional reputation could also be impacted by adverse publicity relating to one or more of our owned or
majority owned brands or businesses. 

35 

We
depend on the relationships of our talent managers and other key personnel with clients across many categories, including fashion, music,
digital, and sponsorship. 

We
depend heavily upon relationships that our talent managers and other key personnel have developed with our influencer-clients, as well
as our corporate customers that utilize our team of influencers for advertising and paid promotion. The personal relationships that our
talent managers, influencers, and other key personnel have developed with brands and other key business contacts help us to secure access
to sponsorships, endorsements, professional contracts, events and other opportunities for our Creators, which is critical to our success.
Due to the importance of those contacts to us, a substantial deterioration in these relationships, or substantial loss of talent managers
or other key personnel who maintain these relationships, could adversely affect our business. In particular, our talent management business
is dependent upon the highly personalized relationships between our team at Doiyen LLC and their Creators i.e. the influencers
with whom we contract with and represent. A substantial deterioration in the team managing a client may result in a deterioration in
our relationship with, or the loss of, the clients represented by that manager. The substantial loss of multiple talent managers could
have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our talent managers and other key personnel are
not party to long-term contracts and, in any event, can leave our Company with little or no notice. We can give no assurance that all
or any of these individuals will remain with us or will retain their associations with key business contacts. 

Our
success depends, in part, on our continuing ability to identify, recruit and retain qualified and experienced talent managers. If we
fail to recruit and retain suitable talent managers or if our relationships with our talent managers change or deteriorate, it could
adversely affect our business. 

Our
success depends, in part, upon our continuing ability to identify, recruit and retain qualified and experienced talent managers. There
is great competition for qualified and experienced talent managers in the social media industry, and we cannot assure you that we will
be able to continue to hire or retain a sufficient number of qualified persons to meet our requirements, or that we will be able to do
so under terms that are economically attractive to us. Any failure to retain certain talent managers could lead to the loss of sponsorship
and other engagements and have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our
failure to identify, sign and retain influencer-clients could adversely affect our business. 

We
derive substantial revenue from the engagements, sponsorships, and branding deals entered into by our influencer-clients. We depend on
identifying, signing and retaining as clients those influencers with significant social media followings, that are deemed to be favorable
candidates for companies to utilize for advertising, promotion, and branding. Our competitive position is dependent on our continuing
ability to attract, develop and retain such clients whose work is likely to achieve a high degree of value and recognition as well as
our ability to provide such clients with sponsorships, endorsements, professional contracts, productions, events and other opportunities.
Our failure to attract and retain these clients, an increase in the costs required to attract and retain such clients, or an untimely
loss or retirement of these clients could adversely affect our financial results and growth prospects. We have not entered into written
agreements with many of the clients we represent. These clients may decide to discontinue their relationship with us at any time and
without notice. In addition, the clients with whom we have entered into written contracts may choose not to renew their contracts with
us on reasonable terms or at all or they may breach or seek to terminate these contracts. If any of our clients decide to discontinue
their relationships with us, whether they are under a contract or not, we may be unable to recoup costs expended to develop and promote
them and our financial results may be adversely affected. Further, the loss of such clients could lead other of our clients to terminate
their relationships with us. 

The
markets in which we operate are highly competitive, both within the United States and internationally. 

We
face competition from a variety of other domestic and foreign companies. We face competition from alternative providers of the content,
services, and products we and our Creators offer and from other forms of entertainment in a rapidly changing and increasingly fragmented
marketplace. There are other companies and individuals currently providing similar products and services as us in the social media influencer
industry. Our competitors include, but are not limited to, Hype House, Glam House and any other social media influencer collectives and/or
talent management companies specializing in representing influencers, each of which may have greater financial and other resources than
us. We may be unable to successfully compete with these competitors, and may expend significant resources without success. Further, any
increased competition, which may not be foreseeable, or our failure to adequately address any competitive factors, could result in reduced
demand for our content, clients or key brands, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of
operations. 

We
operate in a fast-evolving industry, and we are in the early stage of our business. We cannot guarantee that our monetization strategies
will be successfully implemented or generate sustainable revenues and profit. 

We
are in the early stage of our business, and our monetization model is evolving. We generate revenues primarily by providing our users
with valuable content. We also generate revenues from advertising and other services. We cannot assure you that we can successfully implement
the existing monetization strategies to generate sustainable revenues, or that we will be able to develop new monetization strategies
to grow our revenues. If our strategic initiatives do not enhance our ability to monetize or enable us to develop new monetization approaches,
we may not be able to maintain or increase our revenues or recover any associated costs. In addition, we may introduce new products and
services to expand our revenue streams, including products and services with which we have little or no prior development or operating
experience. If these new or enhanced products or services fail to engage users, content creators or business partners, we may fail to
diversify our revenue streams or generate sufficient revenues to justify our investments and costs, and our business and operating results
may suffer as a result. 

36 

We
rely on technology, such as our information systems, to conduct our business. Failure to protect our technology against breakdowns and
security breaches could adversely affect our business. 

We
rely on technology, such as our information systems and social media platforms, to conduct our business. This technology is vulnerable
to service interruptions and security breaches from inadvertent or intentional actions by our employees, partners and vendors, or from
attacks by malicious third parties. Such attacks are of ever-increasing levels of sophistication and are made by groups and individuals
with a wide range of motives and expertise, including organized criminal groups, hacktivists, nation states and others.
The techniques used to breach security safeguards evolve rapidly, and they may be difficult to detect for an extended period of time,
and the measures we take to safeguard our technology may not adequately prevent such incidents. 

While
we have taken steps to protect our confidential and personal information and invested in information technology, there can be no assurance
that our efforts will prevent service interruptions or security breaches in our systems or the unauthorized or inadvertent wrongful use
or disclosure of confidential information. Such incidents could adversely affect our business operations, reputation and client relationships.
Any such breach would require us to expend significant resources to mitigate the breach of security and to address matters related to
any such breach, including the payment of fines. Although we maintain an insurance policy that covers data security, privacy liability
and cyber-attacks, our insurance may not be adequate to cover losses arising from breaches or attacks on our systems. We also may be
required to notify regulators about any actual or perceived personal data breach as well as the individuals who are affected by the incident
within strict time periods. 

In
addition, our use of social media presents the potential for further vulnerabilities. For instance, we may be subject to boycotts, spam,
spyware, ransomware, phishing and social engineering, viruses, worms, malware, DDOS attacks, password attacks, man-in-the-middle attacks,
cybersquatting, impersonation of employees or officers, abuse of comments and message boards, fake reviews, doxing and swatting. While
we have internal policies in place to protect against these vulnerabilities, we can make no assurances that we will not be adversely
affected should one of these events occur. 

The
commercial success of our products is dependent, in part, on factors outside our control . 

The
commercial success of our products is dependent upon unpredictable and volatile factors beyond our control, such as the success of our
competitors products. Our failure to attract market acceptance and a sustainable competitive advantage over our competitors would
materially harm our business. 

Increases
in the costs of content may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We
need to produce or acquire popular content. The production and acquisition of such content depends on our ability to retain our content
creators. As our business develops, we may incur increasing revenue-sharing costs to compensate our content creators of producing original
content. Increases in market prices for licensed content may also have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results
of operations. If we are not able to procure licensed content at commercially acceptable costs, our business and results of operations
will be adversely impacted. In addition, if we are unable to generate sufficient revenues to outpace the increase in market prices for
licensed content, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. We rely on our team to generate
creative ideas for original content and to supervise the original content origination and production process, and we intend to continue
to invest resources in content production. If we are not able to compete effectively for talents or attract and retain top influencers
at reasonable costs, our original content production capabilities would be negatively impacted. 

In
our paid promotion business, if we are unable to prove that our advertising and sponsorship solutions provide an attractive return on
investment for our customers, our financial results could be harmed. 

Our
ability to grow revenue from our paid promotion business will be dependent on our ability to demonstrate to marketers that their marketing
campaigns with us provide a meaningful return on investment relative to offline and other online opportunities. Our ability, however,
to demonstrate the value of advertising and sponsorship on paid promotion business properties will depend, in part, on the quality of
our products and contents, the actions taken by our competitors to enhance their offerings, whether we meet the expectations of our customers
and a number of other factors. If we are unable to maintain sophisticated and high-quality contents that provide value to our customers
or demonstrate our ability to provide value to our customers, our financial results will be harmed. 

37 

We
will be attempting to launch brands in new markets and with new products. Our inability to effectively execute our business plan in relation
to these new brands could negatively impact our business. 

We
are attempting launch new product brands into markets in which we have no experience offering products. Launching new products into new
markets is risky, and requires extensive marketing and business expertise. There can be no assurances we will have the capital, personnel
resources, or expertise to be successful in launching these new business efforts. 

Our
management team s attention may be diverted by acquisitions and searches for new acquisition targets, and our business and operations
may suffer adverse consequences as a result. 

Mergers
and acquisitions are time intensive, requiring significant commitment of our management team s focus and resources. If our management
team spends too much time focused on acquisitions or on potential acquisition targets, our management team may not have sufficient time
to focus on our existing business and operations. This diversion of attention could have material and adverse consequences on our operations
and our ability to be profitable. 

We
may be unable to scale our operations successfully. 

Our
growth strategy will place significant demands on our management and financial, administrative and other resources. Operating results
will depend substantially on the ability of our officers and key employees to manage changing business conditions and to implement and
improve our financial, administrative and other resources. If we are unable to respond to and manage changing business conditions, or
the scale of its operations, then the quality of its services, its ability to retain key personnel, and its business could be harmed. 

Economic
conditions or changing consumer preferences could adversely impact our business. 

A
downturn in economic conditions in one or more of the Company s markets could have a material adverse effect on our results of
operations, financial condition, business and prospects. Although we attempt to stay informed of government and customer trends, any
sustained failure to identify and respond to trends could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition,
business and prospects. 

Our
intellectual property rights are valuable, and if we are unable to protect them or are subject to intellectual property rights claims,
our business may be harmed. 

The
content created by Clubhouse influencers, including the rights related to that content, are important assets for us, as are the Clubhouse
Media Group and Clubhouse BH names. We do not hold any patents protecting our intellectual property, and we have
only filed a trademark application for The Clubhouse recently, which has not yet been granted as of the date of this annual
report. The Company subsequently fell out of the trademark response period and was deemed abandoned. The Company has since filed a petition
to revive the abandoned application to continue the pursuit of the trademark. Various events outside of our control pose a threat to
our intellectual property rights as well as to our business. Regardless of the merits of the claims, any intellectual property claims
could be time-consuming and expensive to litigate or settle. In addition, if any claims against us are successful, we may have to pay
substantial monetary damages or discontinue any of our practices that are found to be in violation of another party s rights. We
also may have to seek a license to continue such practices, which may significantly increase our operating expenses or may not be available
to us at all. Also, the efforts we have taken to protect our proprietary rights may not be sufficient or effective. Any significant impairment
of our intellectual property rights could harm our business or our ability to compete. 

We
may be found to have infringed the intellectual property rights of others, which could expose us to substantial damages or restrict our
operations. 

We
expect to be subject to legal claims that we have infringed the intellectual property rights of others. The ready availability of damages
and royalties and the potential for injunctive relief have increased the costs associated with litigating and settling patent infringement
claims. Any claims, whether or not meritorious, could require us to spend significant time, money, and other resources in litigation,
pay damages and royalties, develop new intellectual property, modify, design around, or discontinue existing products, services, or features,
or acquire licenses to the intellectual property that is the subject of the infringement claims. These licenses, if required, may not
be available at all or have acceptable terms. As a result, intellectual property claims against us could have a material adverse effect
on our business, prospects, financial condition, operating results and cash flows. 

As
a creator and a distributor of content over the internet, we face potential liability for legal claims based on the nature and content
of the materials that we create or distribute. 

Failure
to identify and prevent illegal or inappropriate content from being created or distributed by our influencer may subject us to liability.
To the extent that U.S. and foreign authorities find any content being created or distributed by our influencer objectionable, they may
require us to limit or eliminate the dissemination of such content in the form of take-down orders, or otherwise. We may have to conduct
a self-inspection by taking a comprehensive review of the content created by us. However, there can be no assurance that we can identify
all the videos or other content that may violate relevant laws and regulations. 

38 

We
are subject to extensive U.S. and foreign governmental regulations, and our failure to comply with these regulations could adversely
affect our business. 

Our
operations are subject to federal, state and local laws, statutes, rules, regulations, policies and procedures in the United States and
around the world, which are subject to change at any time, governing matters such as: 

licensing
 laws for talent agencies, such as California s Talent Agencies Act; 

health,
 safety and sanitation requirements; 

harassment
 and discrimination, and other labor and employment laws and regulations; 

compliance
 with the U.S. Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990; 

compliance
 with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended (the FCPA and similar regulations in other countries,
 which prohibit U.S. companies and their intermediaries from engaging in bribery or other prohibited payments to foreign officials
 and require companies to keep books and records that accurately and fairly reflect the transactions of the Company and to maintain
 an adequate system of internal accounting controls; 

compliance
 with applicable antitrust and fair competition laws; 

compliance
 with international trade controls, including applicable import/export regulations, and sanctions and international embargoes that
 may limit or restrict our ability to do business with specific individuals or entities or in specific countries or territories; 

compliance
 with anti-money laundering and countering terrorist financing rules, currency control regulations, and statutes prohibiting tax evasion
 and the aiding or abetting of tax evasion; 

marketing
 activities; 

compliance
 with current and future privacy and data protection laws imposing requirements for the processing and protection of personal or sensitive
 information, including the GDPR and the E.U. e-Privacy Regulation; 

compliance
 with cybersecurity laws imposing country-specific requirements relating to information systems and network design, security, operations,
 and use; 

compliance
 with laws or regulations that regulate the content contained within videos, games and other content formats created by our influencers; 

tax
 laws; and 

imposition
 by foreign countries of trade restrictions, restrictions on the manner in which content is currently licensed and distributed or
 ownership restrictions. 

Noncompliance
with these laws could subject us to whistleblower complaints, investigations, sanctions, settlements, prosecution, other enforcement
actions, disgorgement of profits, significant fines, damages, other civil and criminal penalties or injunctions, reputational harm, adverse
media coverage, and other collateral consequences. Multiple or repeated failures by us to comply with these laws and regulations could
result in increased fines or proceedings against us. If any subpoenas or investigations are launched, or governmental or other sanctions
are imposed, or if we do not prevail in any possible civil or criminal litigation, our business, results of operations and financial
condition could be materially harmed. In addition, responding to any action will likely result in a materially significant diversion
of management s attention and resources and significant defense costs and other professional fees. Enforcement actions and sanctions
could further harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. While we attempt to conduct our business and operations
in a manner that we believe to be in compliance with such laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that a law or regulation will
not be interpreted or enforced in a manner contrary to our current understanding. In addition, the promulgation of new laws, rules and
regulations could restrict or unfavorably impact our business, which could decrease demand for our services, reduce revenue, increase
costs or subject us to additional liabilities. 

In
some United States and foreign jurisdictions, we may have direct and indirect interactions with government agencies and state-affiliated
entities in the ordinary course of our business. In the event that we fail to comply with the regulations of a particular jurisdiction,
whether through our acts or omissions or those of third parties, we may be prohibited from operating in those jurisdictions, which could
lead to a decline in various revenue streams in such jurisdictions, and could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

39 

We
are also required to comply with economic sanctions laws imposed by the United States or by other jurisdictions where we do business,
which may restrict our transactions in certain markets, and with certain customers, business partners and other persons and entities.
As a result, we are not permitted to, directly or indirectly (including through a third party intermediary), procure goods, services,
or technology from, or engage in transactions with, individuals and entities subject to sanctions. While we believe we have been in compliance
with sanctions requirements, there can be no guarantee that we will remain in compliance. Any violation of corruption or sanctions laws
could result in fines, civil and criminal sanctions against us or our employees, prohibitions on the conduct of our business (e.g., debarment
from doing business with International Development Banks and similar organizations) and damage to our reputation, which could have an
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our
results of operations, which are reported in U.S. dollars, could be adversely affected if currency exchange rates fluctuate substantially
in the future. 

As
we expect to expand our international operations, we become more exposed to the effects of fluctuations in currency exchange rates. We
generally collect revenue from our international markets in the local currency. Rapid appreciation of the U.S. dollar against these foreign
currencies can harm our reported results and cause the revenue derived from our foreign users to decrease. Such appreciation could increase
the costs of purchasing our products to our customers outside of the U.S., adversely affecting our business, results of operations and
financial condition. 

We
will also incur expenses for employee compensation and other operating expenses at our non-U.S. locations in the local currency. Fluctuations
in the exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and other currencies could result in the dollar equivalent of our expenses being higher
which may not be offset by additional revenue earned in the local currency. This could have a negative impact on our reported results
of operations. 

Our
amended and restated bylaws provide that state or federal court located within the state of Nevada will be the sole and exclusive forum
for substantially all disputes between us and our shareholders, which could limit its stockholders ability to obtain a favorable
judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees. 

Section
7.4 of our amended and restated bylaws provides that [u]nless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative
forum, the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Corporation, (ii) any action
asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or other employee of the Corporation to the Corporation
or the Corporation s stockholders, (iii) an action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the Nevada Revised Statutes,
or (iv) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine shall be a state or federal court located within the state
of Nevada, in all cases subject to the court s having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable parties named as defendants. 
This exclusive forum provision is intended to apply to claims arising under Nevada state law and would not apply to claims brought pursuant
to the Exchange Act or Securities Act, or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. The exclusive forum
provision in our amended and restated bylaws will not relieve us of our duty to comply with the federal securities laws and the rules
and regulations thereunder, and shareholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with these laws, rules and regulations. 

This
exclusive forum provision may limit a shareholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum of its choosing for disputes with
us or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage lawsuits against us or our directors, officers or other employees.
In addition, shareholders who do bring a claim in the state or federal court in the State of Nevada could face additional litigation
costs in pursuing any such claim, particularly if they do not reside in or near Nevada. The state or federal court of the State of Nevada
may also reach different judgments or results than would other courts, including courts where a shareholder would otherwise choose to
bring the action, and such judgments or results may be more favorable to us than to our shareholders. However, the enforceability of
similar exclusive forum provisions in other companies bylaws has been challenged in legal proceedings, and it is possible that
a court could find this type of provision to be inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more of the specified types of
actions or proceedings. If a court were to find the exclusive forum provision contained in our amended and restated bylaws to be inapplicable
or unenforceable in an action, we might incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions. 

Stockholders
are bound by the fee-shifting provision contained in our amended and restated bylaws, which may discourage you to pursue actions against
us. 

Section
7.4 of our amended and restated bylaws provides that [i]f any action is brought by any party against another party, relating to
or arising out of these Bylaws, or the enforcement hereof, the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover from the other party reasonable
attorneys fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with the prosecution or defense of such action. 

In
the event you initiate or assert a claims against us, in accordance with the dispute resolution provisions contained in our amended and
restated bylaws, and you do not, in a judgment prevail, you will be obligated to reimburse us for all reasonable costs and expenses incurred
in connection with such claim, including, but not limited to, reasonable attorney s fees and expenses and costs of appeal, if any. 

40 

THE
FEE SHIFTING PROVISION CONTAINED IN THE AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS IS NOT INTENDED TO BE DEEMED A WAIVER BY ANY HOLDER OF COMMON STOCK
OF THE COMPANY S COMPLIANCE WITH THE U.S. FEDERAL SECURITIES LAWS AND THE RULES AND REGULATIONS PROMULGATED THEREUNDER. THE FEE
SHIFTING PROVISION CONTAINED IN THE BYLAWS DO NOT APPLY TO CLAIMS BROUGHT UNDER THE EXCHANGE ACT AND SECURITIES ACT. 

As
a result of being a public company, we are subject to additional reporting and corporate governance requirements that will require additional
management time, resources and expense. 

As
a public company we are obligated to file with the SEC annual and quarterly information and other reports that are specified in the Exchange
Act. We are also subject to other reporting and corporate governance requirements under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder, all of which impose significant compliance and reporting obligations upon us and require us to incur additional
expense in order to fulfill such obligations. 

We
may not have sufficient insurance coverage and an interruption of our business or loss of a significant amount of property could have
a material adverse effect on our financial condition and operations. 

We
currently do not maintain any insurance policies against loss of key personnel and business interruption as well as product liability
claims. If such events were to occur, our business, financial performance and financial position may be materially and adversely affected. 

We
could become involved in claims or litigations that may result in adverse outcomes. 

From
time-to-time we may be involved in a variety of claims or litigations. Such proceeding may initially be viewed as immaterial but could
prove to be material. Litigations are inherently unpredictable and excessive verdicts do occur. Given the inherent uncertainties in litigation,
even when we can reasonably estimate the amount of possible loss or range of loss and reasonably estimable loss contingencies, the actual
outcome may change in the future due to new developments or changes in approach. In addition, such claims or litigations could involve
significant expense and diversion of management s attention and resources from other matters. 

RISKS
RELATING TO OUR COMMON STOCK 

Trading
on the OTC Markets is volatile and sporadic, which could depress the market price of our common stock and make it difficult for our security
holders to resell their common stock . 

Our
common stock currently trades on the OTC Pink tier of OTC Market Group LLC s Marketplace under the symbol CMGR. The
OTC Market is a network of security dealers who buy and sell stock. The dealers are connected by a computer network that provides information
on current bids and asks, as well as volume information. Trading in securities quoted on the OTC Markets
is often thin and characterized by wide fluctuations in trading prices, due to many factors, some of which may have little to do with
our operations or business prospects. This volatility could depress the market price of our common stock for reasons unrelated to operating
performance. Moreover, the OTC Markets is not a stock exchange, and trading of securities on the OTC Markets is often more sporadic than
the trading of securities listed on a quotation system like Nasdaq Capital Market or a stock exchange like the NYSE American. These factors
may result in investors having difficulty reselling any shares of our common stock. 

Our
stock price is likely to be highly volatile because of several factors, including a limited public float. 

The
market price of our common stock has been volatile in the past and the market price of our common stock is likely to be highly volatile
in the future. You may not be able to resell shares of our common stock following periods of volatility because of the market s
adverse reaction to volatility. 

Other
factors that could cause such volatility may include, among other things: 

actual
 or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results; 

the
 absence of securities analysts covering us and distributing research and recommendations about us; 

we
 may have a low trading volume for a number of reasons, including that a large portion of our stock is closely held; 

overall
 stock market fluctuations; 

announcements
 concerning our business or those of our competitors; 

actual
 or perceived limitations on our ability to raise capital when we require it, and to raise such capital on favorable terms; 

conditions
 or trends in the industry; 

litigation; 

41 

changes
 in market valuations of other similar companies; 

future
 sales of common stock; 

departure
 of key personnel or failure to hire key personnel; and 

general
 market conditions. 

Any
of these factors could have a significant and adverse impact on the market price of our common stock. In addition, the stock market in
general has at times experienced extreme volatility and rapid decline that has often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating
performance of particular companies. These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the trading price of our common stock, regardless
of our actual operating performance. 

Our
common stock is considered a penny stock under SEC rules. It may be more difficult to resell securities classified as penny
stock. 

Our
common stock is a penny stock under applicable SEC rules (generally defined as non-exchange traded stock with a per-share
price below 5.00). Unless we successfully list our common stock on a national securities exchange, or maintain a per-share price above
 5.00, these penny stock rules impose additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers that recommend the purchase
or sale of penny stocks to persons other than those who qualify as established customers or accredited investors. 
For example, broker-dealers must determine the appropriateness for non-qualifying persons of investments in penny stocks. Broker-dealers
must also provide, prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules, a standardized risk disclosure document
that provides information about penny stocks and the risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must provide the customer
with current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock, disclose the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the
transaction, furnish monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer s account, provide
a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser, and receive the purchaser s written
agreement to the transaction. 

Legal
remedies available to an investor in penny stocks may include the following: 

If
 a penny stock is sold to the investor in violation of the requirements listed above, or other federal or states securities
 laws, the investor may be able to cancel the purchase and receive a refund of the investment. 

If
 a penny stock is sold to the investor in a fraudulent manner, the investor may be able to sue the persons and firms
 that committed the fraud for damages. 

These
requirements may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity, if any, in the secondary market for a security that becomes
subject to the penny stock rules. The additional burdens imposed upon broker-dealers by such requirements may discourage broker-dealers
from effecting transactions in our securities, which could severely limit the market price and liquidity of our securities. If our common
stock is a penny stock, these requirements may restrict the ability of broker-dealers to sell our common stock and may
affect your ability to resell our common stock. 

Many
brokerage firms will discourage or refrain from recommending investments in penny stocks. Most institutional investors will not invest
in penny stocks. In addition, many individual investors will not invest in penny stocks due, among other reasons, to the increased financial
risk generally associated with these investments. 

For
these reasons, penny stocks may have a limited market and, consequently, limited liquidity. We can give no assurance at what time, if
ever, our common stock will not be classified as a penny stock in the future. 

FINRA
sales practice requirements may also limit a shareholder s ability to buy and sell our stock. 

In
addition to the penny stock rules described above, FINRA has adopted Rule 2111 that requires a broker-dealer to have reasonable
grounds for believing that an investment is suitable for a customer before recommending the investment. Prior to recommending speculative
low-priced securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the
customer s financial status, tax status, investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations of these rules, FINRA
believes that there is a high probability that speculative low-priced securities will not be suitable for at least some customers. The
FINRA requirements make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our common stock, which may limit
your ability to buy and sell our stock and have an adverse effect on the market for our shares. 

42 

We
are required to comply with certain provisions of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and if we fail to continue to comply, our business
could be harmed and the price of our securities could decline. 

Rules
adopted by the SEC pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act require an annual assessment of internal control over financial
reporting, and for certain issuers an attestation of this assessment by the issuer s independent registered public accounting firm.
The standards that must be met for management to assess the internal control over financial reporting as effective are evolving and complex,
and require significant documentation, testing, and possible remediation to meet the detailed standards. We expect to incur significant
expenses and to devote resources to Section 404 compliance on an ongoing basis. It is difficult for us to predict how long it will take
or costly it will be to complete the assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting for each year and
to remediate any deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting. As a result, we may not be able to complete the assessment
and remediation process on a timely basis. In the event that our Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer determines that our
internal control over financial reporting is not effective as defined under Section 404, we cannot predict how regulators will react
or how the market prices of our securities will be affected; however, we believe that there is a risk that investor confidence and the
market value of our securities may be negatively affected. 

Our
privately issued common stock is subject to risks arising from restrictions on reliance on Rule 144 by shell companies or former shell
companies. 

Under
a regulation of the SEC known as Rule 144, a person who beneficially owns restricted securities of an issuer and who is
not an affiliate of that issuer may sell them without registration under the Securities Act provided that certain conditions have been
met. One of these conditions is that such person has held the restricted securities for a prescribed period, which will be six months
for the common stock. However, Rule 144 is unavailable for the resale of securities issued by an issuer that is a shell company (other
than a business combination related shell company) or, unless certain conditions are met, that has been at any time previously a shell
company. 

The
SEC defines a shell company as a company that has (a) no or nominal operations and (b) either (i) no or nominal assets, (ii) assets consisting
solely of cash and cash equivalents; or (iii) assets consisting of any amount of cash and cash equivalents and nominal other assets.
As a result of the share exchange in connection with the acquisition of WOHG, the Company ceased being a shell company as such term is
defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act. While we believe that as a result of this share exchange, the Company ceased to be a shell
company, the SEC and others whose approval is required in order for shares to be sold under Rule 144 might take a different view. 

Rule
144 is available for the resale of securities of former shell companies if and for as long as the following conditions are met: 

(i) 
 the
 issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell company has ceased to be a shell company, 

(ii) 
 the
 issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, 

(iii) 
 the
 issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act reports and material required to be filed, as applicable, during the preceding
 12 months (or such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports and materials), other than Current Reports on
 Form 8-K; and 

(iv) 
 at
 least one year has elapsed from the time that the issuer filed current comprehensive disclosure with the SEC reflecting its status
 as an entity that is not a shell company known as Form 10 Information. 

Although
the Company filed Form 10 Information with the SEC on November 12, 2020, shareholders who receive the Company s restricted securities
will not be able to sell them pursuant to Rule 144 without registration until the Company has met the other conditions to this exemption
and then for only as long as the Company continues to meet the condition described in subparagraph (iii), above, and is not a shell company.
No assurance can be given that the Company will meet these conditions or that, if it has met them, it will continue to do so, or that
it will not again be a shell company. 

The
sale and issuance of additional shares of our common stock could cause dilution as well as the value of our common stock to decline. 

Stockholders
will be diluted and investors may suffer dilution in their net book value per share when we issue additional shares. We are authorized
to issue 500,000,000 shares of common stock. We anticipate that all or at least some of our future funding, if any, will be in the form
of equity financing from the sale of our common stock. If we do sell or issue more common stock, any investors investment in the
Company will be diluted. Dilution is the difference between what you pay for your stock and the net tangible book value per share immediately
after the additional shares are sold by us. If dilution occurs, any investment in the Company s common stock could seriously decline
in value. 

Substantial
future sales of shares of our common stock could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 

The
market price of shares of our common stock could decline as a result of substantial sales of our common stock, particularly sales by
our directors, executive officers and significant stockholders, a large number of shares of our common stock becoming available for sale
or the perception in the market that holders of a large number of shares intend to sell their shares. 

43 

Provisions
of our articles of incorporation and bylaws may delay or prevent a takeover which may not be in the best interests of our stockholders. 

Provisions
of our amended and restated articles of incorporation and our bylaws, as amended, may be deemed to have anti-takeover effects, which
include when and by whom special meetings of our stockholders may be called, and may delay, defer or prevent a takeover attempt. Further,
our articles of incorporation, as amended, authorize the issuance of up to approximately 50,000,000 shares of preferred stock with such
rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by our Board of Directors in their sole discretion. Our Board of Directors
may, without stockholder approval, issue series of preferred stock with dividends, liquidation, conversion, voting or other rights that
could adversely affect the voting power or other rights of the holders of our common stock. 

We
do not expect to pay dividends in the foreseeable future. 

We
do not intend to declare dividends for the foreseeable future, as we anticipate that we will reinvest any future earnings in the development
and growth of our business. Therefore, investors will not receive any funds unless they sell their common stock, and stockholders may
be unable to sell their shares on favorable terms. We cannot assure you of a positive return on investment or that you will not lose
the entire amount of your investment in our common stock. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

We
currently maintain our executive offices at 3651 Lindell Road, D517, Las Vegas, Nevada 89103. There is no physical office space here,
and this address is mainly used as a mailing address and call center. We pay a fee of 79 per month for the use of this headquarters.
We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

Our
management generally works out of 201 Santa Monica Blvd., Suite 30, Santa Monica, CA 90401, which is WOHG s headquarters. We believe
that these facilities are adequate to support the Company s existing operations and that we will be able to obtain appropriate
additional facilities or alternative facilities on commercially reasonable terms if and when necessary. We do not have a formal lease
pursuant to which it uses these offices, and does not have a monthly rent obligation for use of these premises. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From
time to time, we are involved in various claims and legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business. To the knowledge of our
management, there are no legal proceedings currently pending against us which we believe would have a material effect on our business,
financial position or results of operations and, to the best of our knowledge, there are no such legal proceedings contemplated or threatened. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
Information 

Our
common stock trades on the OTC Pink tier of OTC Market Group LLC s Marketplace under the symbol CMGR. Prior to January
20, 2021, our common stock publicly traded on the OTC Pink tier of OTC Market Group LLC under the symbol TONJ. On January
20, 2021, we changed the symbol of our common stock from TONJ to CMGR, in conjunction with our name change
from Tongji Healthcare Group, Inc. to Clubhouse Media Group, Inc. 

The
OTC Market is a network of security dealers who buy and sell stock. The dealers are connected by a computer network that provides information
on current bids and asks, as well as volume information. The trading of securities on the OTC Pink is often
sporadic and investors may have difficulty buying and selling our shares or obtaining market quotations for them, which may have a negative
effect on the market price of our common stock. The closing price of our common stock on the OTC Pink on March 28, 2022 was 0.0289 . 

44 

The
following table sets forth, for the periods indicated the high and low bid quotations for our common stock. These quotations represent
inter-dealer quotations, without adjustment for retail markup, markdown, or commission and may not represent actual transactions. 

Fiscal Year 2023 
 High 
 Low 
 
 First Quarter (January 1, 2022 March 31, 2022) 
 0.20 
 0.02 
 
 Second Quarter (April 1, 2022 June 30, 2022) 
 0.03 
 0.003 
 
 Third Quarter (July 1, 2022 September 30, 2022) 
 0.004 
 0.0005 
 
 Fourth Quarter (October 2022 December 31, 2022) 
 0.0006 
 0.0002 

Fiscal Year 2022 
 High 
 Low 
 
 First Quarter (January 1, 2021 March 31, 2021) 
 27.40 
 1.87 
 
 Second Quarter (April 1, 2021 June 30, 2021) 
 11.58 
 5.25 
 
 Third Quarter (July 1, 2021 September 30, 2021) 
 6.00 
 1.50 
 
 Fourth Quarter (October 1, 2021 December 31, 2021) 
 1.80 
 0.16 

Fiscal Year 2021 
 High 
 Low 
 
 First Quarter (January 1, 2020 March 31, 2020) 
 0.12 
 0.055 
 
 Second Quarter (April 1, 2020 June 30, 2020) 
 0.85 
 0.055 
 
 Third Quarter (July 1, 2020 September 30, 2020) 
 3.90 
 0.29 
 
 Fourth Quarter (October 1, 2020 December 31, 2020) 
 6.96 
 0.85 

Through
March 28, 2022. 

Holders 

As
of March 29, 2022, there were 8,262,322,939 shares of common stock issued and outstanding, and we had approximately 452 holders of record
of our common stock . 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

For
the months ended January 31, 2022, the Company issued 6,377,239 shares to consultants and directors at fair value of 662,471. 

For
the months ended January 31, 2022, the Company issued 3,351,982 shares with net proceeds of 241,982 from ELOC. 

For
the months ended January 31, 2022, the Company issued 375,601 shares to settle a conversion of 59,721 convertible promissory note. 

For
the months ended February 28, 2022, the Company issued 151,281 shares to consultants and directors at fair value of 10,917. 

For
the months ended February 28, 2022, the Company issued 3,000,000 shares with net proceeds of 179,993 from ELOC. 

For
the months ended February 28, 2022, the Company issued 400,000 shares as debt issuance costs for convertible notes payable at fair value
of 16,390. 

For
the months ended March 29, 2022, the Company issued 388,211 shares to consultants at fair value of 10,203. 

For
the months ended March 29, 2022, the Company issued 3,574,265 shares to settle a conversion of 89,364 convertible promissory note and
accrued interest payable. 

For
the months ended March 29, 2022, the Company issued 1,000,000 shares and pending on the net proceeds from the ELOC. 

For
the months ended March 29, 2022, the Company issued 150,000 shares as commitment shares for convertible notes payable at fair value of
 6,525. 

For
the months ended April 30, 2022, the Company issued 16,766,000 shares to Labrys for conversion of principal of XX. 

For
the months ended April 30, 2022, the Company issued 2,500,000 with net proceeds of 34,874 in connection with the ELOC. 

For
the months ended April 30, 2022, the Company issued 2,820,000 shares for cash of 70,500 to Amir Ben-Yohanan. 

For
the months ended April 30, 2022, the Company issued 928,832 shares to a consultant at fair value of 18,208. 

45 

For
the three months ended June 30, 2022, the Company issued 39,900,000 shares with net proceeds of 137,198 in connection with the ELOC. 

For
the three months ended June 30, 2022, the Company issued 2,820,000 shares with net proceeds of 71,000 in connection with the ELOC. 

For
the three months ended June 30, 2022, the Company issued 7,950,620 shares to consultants and directors at fair value of 71,798. 

For
the three months ended June 30, 2022, the Company issued 166,107,730 shares to settle a conversion of 1,238,913 of convertible promissory
note principal and accrued interest. 

For
the three months ended June 30, 2022, the Company issued 1,155,000 shares as debt issuance costs for convertible notes payable at fair
value of 11,273. 

For
the three months ended September 30, 2022, the Company issued 28,700,000 shares to consultants and directors at fair value of 76,000. 

For
the three months ended September 30, 2022, the Company issued 1,222,380,000 shares to settle a conversion of 1,616,739 of convertible
promissory note principal and accrued interest. 

For
the three months ended September 30, 2022, the Company received net proceeds of 23,157 in connection with the ELOC . 

For
the three months ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued 1,290,000 shares to consultants and directors at fair value of 1,584. 

For
the three months ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued 5,238,995,628 shares to settle a conversion of 2,121,187 of convertible
promissory note principal and accrued interest. 

The
above issuances were made pursuant to an exemption from registration as set forth in 506 of Regulation D and Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities
Act. 

Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

Transfer
Agent and Registrar 

The
Company s transfer agent Empire Stock Transfer, located at 1859 Whitney Mesa Drive, Henderson, NV 89014. 

ITEM
6. RESERVED 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Special
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

All
statements other than statements of historical fact included in this annual report, including, without limitation, statements under Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding the Company s financial position, business
strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. When used in this annual report,
words such as anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, intend and
similar expressions, as they relate to us or the Company s management, identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking
statements are based on the beliefs of management, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, the Company s
management. Actual results could differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors
detailed in our filings with the SEC. 

The
following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial
statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this annual report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis
set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. 

46 

Overview 

We
operate a global network of professionally run content houses, each of which has its own brand, influencer cohort and production capabilities.
Our Company offers management, production and deal-making services to our handpicked influencers, a management division for individual
influencer clients, and an investment arm for joint ventures and acquisitions for companies in the social media influencer space. Our
management team consists of successful entrepreneurs with financial, legal, marketing, and digital content creation expertise. 

Through
our subsidiary, West of Hudson Group, Inc. WOHG ), we currently generate revenues primarily from talent management of social
media influencers and for paid promotion by companies looking to utilize such social media influencers to promote their products or services.
We solicit companies for potential marketing collaborations and cultivated content creation, work with the influencers and the marketing
entity to negotiate and formalize a brand deal and then execute the deal and receive a certain percentage from the deal. In addition
to the in-house brand deals, we generate income by providing talent management and brand partnership deals to influencers. 

Recent
Developments 

Departure
of Gary Marenzi 

On
January 4, 2022, Gary Marenzi, a member of the Board of Directors (the Board of Clubhouse Media Group, Inc. (the Company ),
resigned from his position as a Board member, effectively immediately. Mr. Marenzi s resignation is not the result of any disagreement
with the Company on any matter relating to the Company s operations, policies or practices. 

Fast
Capital Securities Purchase Agreement and Convertible Note 

On
January 13, 2022, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement, (the SPA dated as of January 10, 2022, by
and between the Company and Fast Capital, LLC (the Buyer ). Pursuant to the terms of the SPA, the Company agreed to issue
and sell, and the Buyer agreed to purchase (the Purchase ), a 10 convertible note in the aggregate principal amount of
 120,000 (the Note ). The Note has an original issue discount of 10,000, resulting in gross proceeds to the Company of
 110,000. 

The
Note bears interest at a rate of 10 per annum and matures on January 10, 2023. The Note may be prepaid or assigned with the following
penalties/premiums: 

Prepay
 Date 
 
 Prepay
 Amount 
 
 On
 or before 30 days 
 
 115 
 of principal plus accrued interest 
 
 31
 60 days 
 
 120 
 of principal plus accrued interest 
 
 61
 90 days 
 
 125 
 of principal plus accrued interest 
 
 91
 120 days 
 
 130 
 of principal plus accrued interest 
 
 121
 150 days 
 
 135 
 of principal plus accrued interest 
 
 151
 180 days 
 
 140 
 of principal plus accrued interest 

The
Note may not be prepaid after the 180 th day. 

The
Buyer has the right from time to time, and at any time after 180 days to convert all or any part of the outstanding and unpaid principal
amount of the Note into common stock, subject to a 4.99 equity blocker. 

The
conversion price of the Note equals 70 of the lowest trading price of the Company s common stock for the 20 prior trading days,
including the day upon which a notice of conversion is delivered. 

Sixth
Street Lending Securities Purchase Agreement and Convertible Note 

On
January 12, 2022, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement, (the SPA dated January 12, 2022, by and between
the Company and Sixth Street Lending LLC (the Buyer ). Pursuant to the terms of the SPA, the Company agreed to issue and
sell, and the Buyer agreed to purchase (the Purchase ), a convertible promissory note in the aggregate principal amount
of 70,125 (the Note ). The Note has an original issue discount of 6,375, resulting in gross proceeds to the Company of
 63,750. 

The
Note bears interest at a rate of 10 per annum and matures on January 12, 2023. Any amount of principal or interest on the Note which
is not paid when due will bear interest at a rate of 22 per annum. The Note may not be prepaid in whole or in part except as provided
in the Note by way of conversion at the option of the Buyer. 

The
Buyer has the right from time to time, and at any time during the period beginning on the date that is 180 days following January 12,
2022 and ending on the later of (i) January 12, 2023, and (ii) the date of payment of the Default Amount (as defined in the Note), to
convert all or any part of the outstanding and unpaid principal amount of the Note into common stock, subject to a 4.99 equity blocker. 

47 

The
conversion price of the Note equals the lesser of the Variable Conversion Price (as hereinafter defined) and 1.00. The Variable
Conversion Price means 75 multiplied by the lowest VWAP (as defined in the Note) for the Company s common stock during
the 20 trading date period ending on the latest complete trading day prior to the conversion date. 

Tiger
Trout Convertible Note Amendment No. 1 

On
January 29, 2021, the Company issued to Tiger Trout Capital Puerto Rico, LLC Tiger Trout a convertible promissory note
in the aggregate principal amount of 1,540,000 for a purchase price of 1,100,000, reflecting a 440,000 original issue discount (the
 Tiger Trout Note ). The Tiger Trout Note had a maturity date of January 29, 2022. 

On
January 28, 2022, the parties to the Tiger Trout Note entered into Amendment No. 1 to Convertible Promissory Note, dated as of January
25, 2022 (the Note Amendment ). Pursuant to the terms of the Note Amendment, the maturity date of the Tiger Trout Note was
extended to August 24, 2022. As consideration for Tiger Trout s agreement to extend the maturity date, the principal amount of
the Tiger Trout Note was increased by 388,378, to be a total of 1,928,378. As of January 25, 2022, the indebtedness under the Tiger
Trout Note was 2,083,090, comprised of 1,928,378 of principal and 154,712 of accrued interest. Following January 25, 2022, interest
will continue to accrue on the principal amount of 1,928,378 at an interest rate of 10 . 

The
parties further agreed that to the extent the indebtedness under the Tiger Trout Note has not been earlier repaid or converted to common
stock as set forth therein, in the event that the Company completes a firm commitment underwritten public offering of its common stock
that results in the common stock being successfully listed on the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the New York Stock
Exchange or the NYSE American prior to the maturity date of the Tiger Trout Note, as amended by the Note Amendment, then, following completion
of the initial public offering, the Company will use the proceeds to repay indebtedness under the Tiger Trout Note in full. 

Proactive
Capital Convertible Note Amendment No. 1 

On
January 20, 2021, the Company issued to ProActive Capital SPV I, LLC ProActive a convertible promissory note in the aggregate
principal amount of 250,000 for a purchase price of 225,000, reflecting a 25,000 original issue discount (the ProActive Note ).
The ProActive Note had a maturity date of January 20, 2022. 

On
February 8, 2022, the parties to the ProActive Note entered into Amendment No. 1 to Convertible Promissory Note, dated as of February
4, 2022 (the Note Amendment ). Pursuant to the terms of the Note Amendment, the maturity date of the ProActive Note was
extended to September 20, 2022. As consideration for ProActive s agreement to extend the maturity date, the principal amount of
the ProActive Note was increased by 50,000, to be a total of 300,000. As of February 4, 2022, the indebtedness under the ProActive
Note was 275,000, comprised of 250,000 of principal and 25,000 of accrued interest. Following February 4, 2022, interest will continue
to accrue on the principal amount of 300,000 at an interest rate of 10 . 

The
parties further agreed that to the extent the indebtedness under the ProActive Note has not been earlier repaid or converted to common
stock as set forth therein, in the event that the Company completes a firm commitment underwritten public offering of its common stock
that results in the common stock being successfully listed on the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the New York Stock
Exchange or the NYSE American prior to the maturity date of the ProActive Note, as amended by the Note Amendment, then, following completion
of the initial public offering, the Company will use the proceeds to repay indebtedness under the ProActive Note in full. 

ONE44
Capital LLC Securities Purchase Agreement and Convertible Note 

On
February 16, 2022, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement, (the ONE44 SPA by and between the Company
and ONE44 Capital LLC ONE44 ). Pursuant to the terms of the ONE44 SPA, the Company agreed to issue and sell, and ONE44
agreed to purchase (the Purchase ), a convertible promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of 175,500 (the ONE44
Note ). The ONE44 Note has an original issue discount of 17,500, resulting in gross proceeds to the Company of 158,000. Pursuant
to the terms of the ONE44 SPA, the Company also agreed to issue 400,000 shares of restricted common stock to ONE44 as additional consideration
for the purchase of the ONE44 Note. 

The
ONE44 Note bears interest at a rate of 4 per annum and matures on February 16, 2023. Interest must be paid in common stock. The ONE44
Note may be prepaid with the following penalties/premiums: 

Prepay
 Date 
 
 Prepay
 Amount 

60 days 
 
 120 
 of principal plus accrued interest 
 
 61-120
 days 
 
 130 
 of principal plus accrued interest 
 
 121-150
 days 
 
 140 
 of principal plus accrued interest 
 
 151-180
 days 
 
 150 
 of principal plus accrued interest 

48 

The
ONE44 Note may not be prepaid after the 180 th day. 

ONE44
is entitled, at its option, at any time after the sixth monthly anniversary of cash payment, to convert all or any amount then outstanding
under the ONE44 Note into shares of common stock at a price per share equal to 65 of the average of the three lowest daily VWAPs of
the Company s common stock for the 20 prior trading days, subject to a 4.99 equity blocker and subject to the terms of the ONE44
Note. 

If
an Event of Default (as defined in the ONE44 Note) occurs, unless cured within five days or waived, ONE44 may consider the ONE44 Note
immediately due and payable and interest will accrue at a rate of 24 per annum, in addition to certain other remedies. 

The
foregoing description of the ONE44 SPA and the ONE44 Note does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference
to the ONE44 SPA and the ONE44 Note, copies of which are filed as Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and which
are incorporated herein by reference. 

Coventry
Enterprises, LLC Securities Purchase Agreement and Convertible Note 

On
March 3, 2022, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Coventry SPA by and between the Company and
Coventry Enterprises, LLC Coventry ). Pursuant to the terms of the Coventry SPA, the Company agreed to issue and sell,
and Coventry agreed to purchase (the Purchase ), a promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of 150,000 (the Coventry
Note ). The Coventry Note has an original issue discount of 30,000, resulting in gross proceeds to the Company of 120,000. Pursuant
to the terms of the Coventry SPA, the Company also agreed to issue 150,000 shares of restricted common stock to Coventry as additional
consideration for the purchase of the Coventry Note. 

The
Coventry Note bears interest at a rate of 10 per annum, with guaranteed interest (the Guaranteed Interest of 15,000
is deemed earned as of March 3, 2022. The Coventry Note matures on March 3, 2023. The principal amount and the Guaranteed Interest is
due and payable in seven equal monthly payments of 23,571.42, beginning on August 3, 2022 and continuing on the third day of each month
thereafter until paid in full not later than March 3, 2023. 

Any
or all of the principal amount and the Guaranteed Interest may be prepaid at any time and from time to time, in each case without penalty
or premium. 

If
an Event of Default (as defined in the Note) occurs, consistent with the terms of the Note, the Note will become convertible, in whole
or in part, into shares of the Company s common stock at Coventry s option, subject to a 4.99 equity blocker (which may
be increased up to 9.99 by Coventry). The conversion price is 90 of the lowest per-share trading price during the 10-trading day period
before conversion. 

In
addition to certain other remedies, if an Event of Default occurs, consistent with the terms of the Note, the Note will bear interest
on the aggregate unpaid principal amount and Guaranteed Interest at the rate of the lesser of 18 per annum or the maximum rate permitted
by law. 

Labrys
Fund, LP Convertible Note Amendment No.s 1 and 2 

On
March 11, 2021, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Labrys SPA with Labrys Fund, LP Labrys ),
pursuant to which the Company issued a 10 promissory note (the Labrys Note with a maturity date of March 11, 2022 (the
 Labrys Maturity Date ), in the principal sum of 1,000,000. 

On
March 30, 2021, the Company and Labrys entered into Amendment #1 to the Labrys Note pursuant to which Labrys waived certain rights under
the Labrys Note and the Company agreed to issue 48,076 shares of common stock to Labrys. 

On
March 8, 2021, the Company and Labrys entered into Amendment No. 2 Amendment No. 2 to the Labrys Note, as amended. Pursuant
to the terms of Amendment No. 2, the maturity date of the Labrys Note, as amended, was extended to November 11, 2022 and the principal
amount of the Labrys Note, as amended, was increased by 116,800 to a total of 700,877.67. In addition, pursuant to Amendment No. 2,
the parties agreed that, to the extent the Labrys Note, as amended, has not be earlier repaid or converted into common stock, in the
event that the Company completes a firm commitment underwritten public offering of common stock following March 8, 2022, that results
in the common stock being listed on The Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the NYSE or the NYSE American prior to the maturity
date of the Labrys Note, the Company will repay the Labrys Note, as amended, with the proceeds of such offering. 

Increase
of Authorized Shares 

On
April 19, 2022, the Company filed Articles of Amendment (the Amendment to the Company s Articles of Incorporation
(the Articles with the Nevada Secretary of State that had the effect of increasing the authorized shares of common stock
from 500,000,000 to 2,000,000,000. 

Appointment
of Scott Hoey as Chief Financial Officer 

On
May 27, 2022, the Board of Directors of the Company appointed Scott Hoey as the Company s Chief Financial Officer. 

49 

Mr.
Hoey, age 36, has served as the Company s Treasurer since May 2021. From June 2018 to April 2021, he served as Vice President of
Acquisitions of West of Hudson Properties. From November 2014 to May 2018, Mr. Hoey served as a Financial Services Representative at
TD Bank, N.A. From May 2011 to October 2014 he served as a Personal Banker at Bank of America, N.A. He earned his Bachelor s Degree
in Business Administration with a concentration in Management and Marketing from Montclair State University. 

The
Company has agreed to pay Mr. Hoey an annual base salary of 109,200. 

Dmitry
Kaplun Resignation 

On
May 27, 2022, Dmitry Kaplun resigned as the Company s Chief Financial Officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting
officer, effective immediately. Mr. Kaplun resigned for personal reasons and in order to pursue other opportunities, and will continue
to provide consulting services to the Company for at least 90 dayS. 

In
connection with Mr. Kaplun s resignation, the Company entered into a Termination and Release Agreement, dated as of May 27, 2022,
by and between the Company and Mr. Kaplun (the Termination Agreement ). Pursuant to the terms of the Termination Agreement,
the parties to the Termination Agreement agreed to terminate the Executive Employment Agreement, dated as of October 7, 2021, by and
between the Company and Mr. Kaplun. 

Change
to the Par Value of Common Stock 

The
Company filed a Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation (the Certificate of Amendment with the Secretary
of State of the State of Nevada on June 13, 2022 for the purpose of amending the Articles of Incorporation of the Company (the Articles to reduce the par value of the common stock of the Company, par value 0.001 per share, from 0.001 to 0.000001 (the Par Value
Reduction ). 

The
Certificate of Amendment was approved by the Company s Board of Directors on June 10, 2022 by Unanimous Written Consent, as well
as the Company s shareholders on June 10, 2022 by Written Consent of the shareholders representing 65.48 of the Common Stock voting
power, as well as the single Series X Preferred Stock. 

1800
Diagonal Lending LLC Securities Purchase Agreement and Convertible Note 

On
June 23, 2022, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Securities Purchase Agreement with 1800 Diagonal
Lending LLC f/k/a Sixth Street Lending, LLC, a Virginia limited liability company Investor ), pursuant to which, on the
same date, the Company issued a convertible promissory note to Investor in the aggregate principal amount of 86,625.00 for a purchase
price of 78,750.00 (the Purchase Price ), reflecting a 7,875.00 original issue discount (the Note ). The
Purchase Price is comprised of (1) 75,000.00 paid to the Company; (2) 3,000.00 paid to legal counsel for the Company; and (3) 750.00
which amount was retained by the Investor as a due diligence fee. 

The
Note has a maturity date of June 23, 2023 (the Maturity Date and bears interest at 10 per annum. No payments of the principal
amount or interest are due prior to the Maturity Date, other than as specifically set forth in the Note. The Company may not prepay the
Note prior to the Maturity Date, other than by way of a conversion initiated by Investor. 

The
Note provides Investor with conversion rights to convert all or any part of the outstanding and unpaid principal amount of the Note at
any time, from time to time, and at any time during the period beginning on the date which is one hundred eighty (180) days following
the date of the Note and ending on the later of: (i) the Maturity Date; and (ii) the date of payment of the Default Amount (as defined
in the Note). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Investor shall not be entitled to a conversion under the Note upon which the sum of
(1) the number of shares of common stock, 0.000001 par value per share Common Stock beneficially owned by the Investor
and its affiliates (other than shares of Common Stock which may be deemed beneficially owned through the ownership of the unconverted
portion of the Note or the unexercised or unconverted portion of any other security of the Company subject to a similar limitation on
conversion or exercise) and (2) the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the conversion would result in beneficial ownership
by the Investor and its affiliates of more than 4.99 of the outstanding shares of Common Stock. 

The
conversion price Conversion Price is equal to the lesser of the Variable Conversion Price (as defined in the Note) and
Fixed Conversion Price (as defined in the Note), which is 1.00. The Variable Conversion Price is defined in the Note as
75 multiplied by the lowest VWAP for shares of Common Stock during the 20 trading days immediately preceding the Conversion Date (as
defined in the Note). 

During
the period conversion rights exist, the Company is required to reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number
of shares, free from preemptive rights, to provide for the issuance of Common Stock upon the full conversion of the Note multiplied by
four and one half (4.5) (the Reserved Amount ). The Reserved Amount shall be increased from time to time in accordance with
the Company s obligations contained in the Note. If, at any time, the Company does not maintain the Reserved Amount, it shall constitute
an Event of Default (as defined in the Note). 

50 

Other
Events of Default under the Note include, but are not limited to: (1) failure to pay principal or interest on the Note when due; (2)
failure to issue and transfer Common Stock upon exercise by Investor of its conversion rights; (3) the breach by the Company of any material
covenant or other material term or condition of the Note which remains uncured after 20 days notice by the Investor; (4) a breach
of representations or warranties contained in the Note by the Company; (5) certain bankruptcy or insolvency related events; (6) delisting
of the Common Stock resulting in the shares no longer being listed OTC or on any U.S. securities exchange; (7) failure to timely file
an SEC report required by the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, remaining uncured 10 days after due; (8) a restatement of any financial
statements by the Company with the SEC any time after 180 days from June 23, 2022 until the Note is no longer outstanding, if such restatement
would result in a material adverse effect on the rights of the Investor under the Note or Securities Purchase Agreement; (9) failure
to comply with certain requirements relating to the replacement of the Company s transfer agent; and (10) a cross default under
any agreement or instrument between, among or by the Company and, or for the benefit of, the Investor and any affiliate of the Investor,
including other promissory notes, but excluding documents relating or ancillary to the Note. 

If
an Event of Default has occurred and continues uncured, the Note shall become immediately due and payable. If an Event of Default occurs
because the Company fails to issue shares of Common Stock to Investor within three business days of receiving a notice of conversion
from Investor, the Company shall pay an amount equal to the Default Amount (defined below) multiplied by two (2) in full satisfaction
of the Company s obligations under the Note. If an Event of Default occurs for any other reason that continues uncured (or in the
case of an appointment of a receiver, bankruptcy, liquidation, or a similar default that may not be cured), the Company shall pay an
amount equal to 150 of the Default Amount (defined below) in full satisfaction of the Company s obligations under the Note. 

The
 Default Amount is equal to the sum of (a) accrued and unpaid interest on the principal amount of the Note to the date of
payment plus (b) default interest, which is calculated based on a rate of 22 per year (inclusive of the 10 interest per year that would
be due absent an event of default), plus (c) certain other amounts that may be owed under the Note. 

Increase
of Authorized Shares 

On
June 23, 2022, the Company filed Articles of Amendment (the Amendment to the Company s Articles of Incorporation
(the Articles with the Nevada Secretary of State that had the effect of increasing the authorized shares of common stock
from 2,000,000,000 to 8,000,000,000. The Company s Preferred Stock was unchanged by the Amendment. 

One
share of Series X Preferred Stock is outstanding as of June 23, 2022. The single share of Series X Preferred Stock outstanding is held
by Amir Ben-Yohanan, the Company s Chief Executive Officer, who also holds 56,847,213 shares of Common Stock as of June 23, 2022.
In the aggregate, Mr. Ben-Yohanan holds 61.68 of the voting power of the Company as of June 23, 2022. 

The
Company s Articles provide that in the event that the vote of the Company s shareholders is otherwise required by the Nevada
Revised Statutes NRS ), the number of authorized shares of common stock may be increased or decreased (but not below the
number of shares thereof then outstanding) by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the Company s stock entitled
to vote irrespective of Section 78.2055 or Section 78.207 of the NRS, with no vote of any holders of a particular class of stock, voting
as a separate class, being required. 

On
June 23, 2022, the Amendment was adopted by a unanimous consent of the Company s Board of Directors and duly approved by the written
consent of Mr. Ben-Yohanan, as required by the NRS and the Articles. 

GS
Capital Partners, LLC Exchange Agreement 

On
June 29, 2022, the Company entered into an Exchange Agreement (the Exchange Note with GS Capital Partners, LLC GS
Capital ). 

The
Exchange Note amended and restated in its entirety the previous Note Purchase Agreement between the same parties, which was executed
on February 19, 2021, and was filed as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission SEC on February 25, 2021. 

The
Exchange Note replaces the Note Purchase Agreement in its entirety, which was a promissory note carrying an outstanding amount of 577,778.
The Exchange Note is thus a new note in the amount of 635,563.48, with a conversion price equal to 85 of the closing per share trading
price of the Company s shares of common stock, 0.000001 par value per share Common Stock on the last trading day
prior to the delivery of the notice of conversion, as reported on the National Quotations Bureau OTC Market exchange which the Company s
shares are traded. 

In
consideration of the Exchange Note, GS Capital agreed to convert a convertible promissory, dated November 26, 2021, in the aggregate
principal amount of 300,445 (the Converted Note ), at the conversion price of 1.00. The Converted Note was previously
disclosed in a Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 2, 2021 by the Company. 

51 

Tiger
Trout Capital Puerto Rico, LLC Amendment No. 2 to Convertible Promissory Note 

On
January 28, 2022, the Company entered into Amendment No. 1 to Convertible Promissory Note, dated as of January 25, 2022 (the Note
Amendment 1 with Tiger Trout Capital Puerto Rico, LLC Tiger Trout ), which amended a convertible promissory note
in the aggregate principal amount of 1,540,000 for a purchase price of 1,100,000, reflecting a 440,000 original issue discount (the
 Tiger Trout Note ). 

On
June 29, 2022, the parties to the Note Amendment 1 and Tiger Trout Note entered into Amendment No. 2 to Convertible Promissory Note,
dated as of June 29, 2022 (the Note Amendment 2 ). Pursuant to the terms of the Note Amendment 2: 

(i) 
 the
 principal amount of the Tiger Trout Note was amended to be 1,250,000; and 

(ii) 
 Section
 3(c) of the Tiger Trout Note was amended and restated in its entirety to provide a conversion price equal to 85 of the closing per
 share trading price of the Company s Common Stock on the last trading day prior to the delivery of the notice of conversion,
 as reported on the National Quotations Bureau OTC Market exchange which the Company s shares are traded. 

Tiger
Trout Capital Puerto Rico, LLC Amendment No. 3 to Convertible Promissory Note 

On
June 30, 2022, the parties to the Note Amendment 2, Note Amendment 1 and Tiger Trout Note entered into Amendment No. 3 to Convertible
Promissory Note, dated as of June 30, 2022 (the Note Amendment 3 ). Pursuant to the terms of the Note Amendment 3, the Tiger
Trout Note was amended as follows: 

(i) 
 the
 principal amount of the Tiger Trout Note was amended to be 1,115,000; and 

(ii) 
 Notwithstanding
 anything to the contrary in the Tiger Trout Note, the parties acknowledge and agree that Tiger Trout may elect to convert the Tiger
 Trout Note into Conversion Shares at any time at the election of Tiger Trout, subject to the other limitations and
 requirements of the Tiger Trout Note, and the Conversion Period (as defined in the Tiger Trout Note) is amended to be
 the period from June 30, 2022 to the date of full repayment of all Indebtedness (as defined in the Tiger Trout Note). 

1800
Diagonal Lending LLC Securities Purchase Agreement and Convertible Note #2 

On
July 11, 2022, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Securities Purchase Agreement ), dated as of
July 8, 2022, with 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC Diagonal Lending ), pursuant to which the Company issued, on July 11, 2022,
a convertible promissory note to Diagonal Lending in the aggregate principal amount of 61,812.50 for a purchase price of 56,437.50
(the Purchase Price ), reflecting a 5,375.00 original issue discount (the Note ). 

The
Note has a maturity date of July 8, 2023 (the Maturity Date and bears interest at 10 per annum. No payments of the principal
amount or interest are due prior to the Maturity Date, other than as specifically set forth in the Note. The Company may not prepay the
Note prior to the Maturity Date, other than by way of a conversion initiated by Diagonal Lending. 

The
Note provides Diagonal Lending with conversion rights to convert all or any part of the outstanding and unpaid principal amount of the
Note at any time, from time to time, and at any time during the period beginning on the date which is 180 days following the date of
the Note and ending on the later of: (i) the Maturity Date; and (ii) the date of payment of the Default Amount (as defined in the Note).
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Diagonal Lending shall not be entitled to a conversion under the Note upon which the sum of (1) the number
of shares of the Company s common stock beneficially owned by Diagonal Lending and its affiliates (other than shares of common
stock which may be deemed beneficially owned through the ownership of the unconverted portion of the Note or the unexercised or unconverted
portion of any other security of the Company subject to a similar limitation on conversion or exercise) and (2) the number of shares
of common stock issuable upon the conversion would result in beneficial ownership by Diagonal Lending and its affiliates of more than
4.99 of the outstanding shares of common stock. 

The
conversion price Conversion Price is equal to the lesser of the Variable Conversion Price (as defined in the Note) and
Fixed Conversion Price (as defined in the Note), which is 1.00. The Variable Conversion Price is defined in the Note as
75 multiplied by the lowest VWAP for shares of Common Stock during the 20 trading days immediately preceding the Conversion Date (as
defined in the Note). 

During
the period conversion rights exist, the Company is required to reserve from its authorized and unissued common stock a sufficient number
of shares, free from preemptive rights, to provide for the issuance of common stock upon the full conversion of the Note multiplied by
4.5 (the Reserved Amount ). The Reserved Amount shall be increased from time to time in accordance with the Company s
obligations contained in the Note. If, at any time, the Company does not maintain the Reserved Amount, it shall constitute an Event of
Default (as defined in the Note). 

52 

Other
Events of Default under the Note include, but are not limited to: (1) failure to pay principal or interest on the Note when due; (2)
failure to issue and transfer Common Stock upon exercise by Diagonal Lending of its conversion rights; (3) the breach by the Company
of any material covenant or other material term or condition of the Note which remains uncured after 20 days notice by Diagonal
Lending; (4) a breach of representations or warranties contained in the Note by the Company; (5) certain bankruptcy or insolvency related
events; (6) delisting of the Common Stock resulting in the shares no longer being listed OTC or on any U.S. securities exchange; (7)
failure to timely file a Securities and Exchange Commission SEC report required by the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended, remaining uncured 10 days after due; (8) a restatement of any financial statements by the Company with the SEC any time after
180 days from July 8, 2022 until the Note is no longer outstanding, if such restatement would result in a material adverse effect on
the rights of Diagonal Lending under the Note or Securities Purchase Agreement; (9) failure to comply with certain requirements relating
to the replacement of the Company s transfer agent; and (10) a cross default under any agreement or instrument between, among or
by the Company and, or for the benefit of, Diagonal Lending and any affiliate of Diagonal Lending, including other promissory notes,
but excluding documents relating or ancillary to the Note. 

If
an Event of Default has occurred and continues uncured, the Note shall become immediately due and payable. If an Event of Default occurs
because the Company fails to issue shares of Common Stock to Diagonal Lending within three business days of receiving a notice of conversion
from Diagonal Lending, the Company shall pay an amount equal to the Default Amount (defined below) multiplied by two (2) in full satisfaction
of the Company s obligations under the Note. If an Event of Default occurs for any other reason that continues uncured (or in the
case of an appointment of a receiver, bankruptcy, liquidation, or a similar default that may not be cured), the Company shall pay an
amount equal to 150 of the Default Amount (defined below) in full satisfaction of the Company s obligations under the Note. 

The
 Default Amount is equal to the sum of (a) accrued and unpaid interest on the principal amount of the Note to the date of
payment plus (b) default interest, which is calculated based on a rate of 22 per year (inclusive of the 10 interest per year that would
be due absent an event of default), plus (c) certain other amounts that may be owed under the Note. 

On
July 12, 2022, the Company issued to Amir Ben-Yohanan, the Company s Chief Executive Officer, a member of the Company s Board
of Directors and a significant stockholder, a promissory note in the principal amount of 79,000 (the Ben-Yohanan Note ).
The Ben-Yohanan Note bears interest at a rate of 10 per annum. Commencing on August 1, 2022 and on the first day of each month thereafter
for the next succeeding 23 months, the Company will pay to Mr. Ben-Yohanan 3,291.67, plus all accrued and unpaid interest to date. The
Ben-Yohanan Note matures on July 1, 2024. The Company may prepay all or any portion of the principal amount and any accrued and unpaid
interest of the Ben-Yohanan Note at any time without penalty. 

Joint
Venture and Appointment of Alden Henri Reiman 

On
July 31, 2022, the Company entered into a joint venture deal memo (the Agreement with Alden Henri Reiman Mr. Reiman ),
pursuant to which the parties agreed to enter into a more permanent joint venture arrangement, involving the creation of a Nevada limited
liability company, The Reiman Agency LLC (the Agency ), of which the Company shall own 51 of the membership units, and
Mr. Reiman shall own 49 of the membership units. Mr. Reiman is to serve as President of the Agency, pursuant to the terms of an Executive
Employment Agreement described under Item 5.02 of this Current Report on Form 8-K. The parties respective membership interests
shall be non-transferrable, and the Agency shall not issue additional membership interests, unless the parties mutually consent in each
instance. 

Mr.
Reiman shall oversee the day-to-day operations of the Agency, but shall consult with the Company on a regular basis and regularly update
the Company on the status of deals and the operations of the business. All material business and financial decisions shall be subject
to the Company s final approval. The Company shall not exercise its approval rights in an arbitrary or capricious manner. 

In
the event that Mr. Reiman determines that office space is required to properly carry on the business of the Agency, Mr. Reiman shall
have the authority to lease a reasonable office space on behalf of the Agency, subject to the Company s prior review and approval.
The Company has agreed and approved an office leasing budget of up to 200,000 USD annually. Expenses in excess of 400 USD must be pre-approved
by the Company. 

On
the Effective Date, the parties closed the Agreement by executing an Operating Agreement for the Agency, dated the Effective Date, which
encapsulates the essential terms and conditions contained in the Agreement. 

In
connection with Mr. Reiman s appointment as President of the Agency, on the Effective Date, the Company and the Agency, a majority
owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a written Executive Employment Agreement (the Employment Agreement with
Mr. Reiman for a term of two (2) years following the Effective Date (the Initial Term ). The Initial Term and any renewal
term shall automatically be extended for up to two (2) more additional terms of two (2) years (each a Renewal Term ), for
an aggregate of up to six (6) years. 

The
Employment Agreement provides Mr. Reiman with an monthly base salary of Thirty-Seven Thousand Five Hundred US Dollars 37,500 USD) per
month, payable on a weekly basis in equal weekly installments 8,653.85 USD) in accordance with the Company s own payroll policies
for the initial term, provided however, that if within the three (3) month period following full execution of the Employment Agreement
(the Period the Agency is profitable, the Base Salary shall increase to Forty-Two Thousand Five Hundred US Dollars 42,500
USD) per month, resulting in equal weekly installments of 9,807.69 USD, beginning the week following the end of the Period. 

Upon
full execution of the Employment Agreement, Mr. Reiman shall also be entitled to: 

(i) 
 A
 one-time signing bonus of One Hundred Twenty-Five Thousand US Dollars 125,000 USD), as well as an additional One Hundred
 Twenty-Five Thousand US Dollars 125,000 USD), which shall be paid in equal monthly installments over the first three (3) months.
 The payments described in the previous sentence shall not apply towards the base salary, but shall be subject to a reasonable claw
 back in the event of a termination for cause; and 

(ii) 
 Twenty-Five
 Million (25,000,000) shares of unregistered Company common stock. 

53 

Additionally,
on the last day of each month of the term, Mr. Reiman shall be entitled to an amount of shares equal to seven and one half percent (7.5 of the net receipts for the applicable month Additional Shares ), divided by the twenty (20) day VWAP of such shares from
the last day of the applicable month. All Additional Shares issued to Mr. Reiman pursuant to the Employment Agreement shall be issued
to Mr. Reiman within seven (7) business days of the date such shares vest. 

Mr.
Reiman shall also be entitled to Twenty-Five Percent (25 of the net receipts, generated by the Agency during each month (the Commission
Bonus ). The Commission Bonus shall be calculated monthly and paid to Reiman within seven (7) business days of the last business
day of the applicable month. 

Mr.
Reiman, aged 28, had previously served as Vice President of Digital Talent Brand Partnerships at BrandArmy, from 2020 through 2021.
Mr. Reiman has worked with top creators, including the Ace Family, BowWow, Nathan Davis Jr., Trevor Stines, Matthew Espinosa, Landon
McBroom, and Ireland Baldwin among others, and has brokered more than 5,000,000 in brand partnership agreements since 2020. Previously,
Mr. Reiman led digital talent for an LA-based boutique agency and formerly worked at both CAA and the NFL, from 2016 through 2020. 

Increase
of Authorized Shares 

On
November 15, 2022, the Company filed a certificate of amendment (the Amendment to its Articles of Incorporation to increase
the Company s authorized shares of common stock, par value 0.000001 per share, from 8,000,000,000 to 25,000,000,000 (the Increase
in Authorized Shares ). Accordingly, following the filing of the Amendment, the Company has 25,050,000,000 authorized shares of
capital stock, consisting of 25,000,000,000 shares of common stock and 50,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.001 per share. 

Debt
Exchange Agreement with Amir Ben-Yohanan 

On
November 17, 2022, the Company entered into a Debt Exchange Agreement (the Agreement by and between the Company and Amir
Ben-Yohanan, the Company s Chief Executive Officer, a member of the Company s board of directors, and a significant stockholder
of the Company. Pursuant to the terms of the Agreement, the Company and Mr. Ben-Yohanan agreed to exchange certain outstanding indebtedness
in the amount of 1,808,167 for 4,520,417,475 shares of the Company s common stock. Such shares were issued on November 17, 2022.
As a result of the exchange, such indebtedness was deemed repaid in full. 

The
Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and covenants. 

Tiger
Trout Capital Puerto Rico, LLC Debt Repayment and Release 

On
December 7, 2022, Clubhouse Media Group, Inc. (the Company entered into a Debt Repayment and Release Agreement (the Agreement by and between the Company and Tiger Trout Capital Puerto Rico, LLC Tiger Trout ). Pursuant to the terms of the Agreement,
the Company agreed to pay to Tiger Trout 150,000 as full and complete payment of certain debt owed by the Company to Tiger Trout pursuant
to a convertible promissory note dated as of January 29, 2021, as amended (the Note ), in the aggregate principal amount
of 228,208, plus accrued interest in the approximate amount of 250,000 (the Debt ). On December 7, 2022, pursuant to the
terms of the Agreement, the Company paid Tiger Trout 150,000, the Debt was settled and the Note was terminated. 

ProActive
Capital SPV I, LLC Debt Repayment and Release 

On
December 15, 2022, the Company entered into a Debt Repayment and Release Agreement (the Agreement by and between the Company
and ProActive Capital SPV I, LLC ProActive ). Pursuant to the terms of the Agreement, the Company agreed to pay to ProActive
 75,000 as full and complete payment of certain debt owed by the Company to ProActive pursuant to a convertible promissory note, dated
as of January 20, 2021, as amended (the Note ), in the principal sum of 300,000, plus accrued interest in the approximate
amount of 50,000 (the Debt ). On December 15, 2022, pursuant to the terms of the Agreement, the Company paid ProActive
 75,000, the Debt was settled and the Note was terminated. 

Coventry
Enterprises LLC Debt Repayment and Release 

On December 20, 2022, the Company entered into a Debt Repayment and Release Agreement (the Agreement by and between the
Company and Coventry Enterprises LLC Coventry ). Pursuant to the terms of the Agreement, the Company agreed to pay to Coventry
 51,877 as full and complete payment of certain debt owed by the Company to Coventry pursuant to a 10 promissory note, dated as of March
3, 2022 (the Note ), in the principal sum of 103,753, plus accrued interest in the approximate amount of 142 (the Debt ).
On December 20, 2022, pursuant to the terms of the Agreement, the Company paid Coventry 51,877, the Debt was settled and the Note was
terminated. 

54 

Note
payable Amir with interest 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company borrowed 79,000 and 0 from Amir. The maturity date of the note is July 1, 2024
and the Company has to pay 3,292 per month commencing August 1, 2022 and has no interest. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, 3,950 was paid to Amir. 

On
November 17, 2022, the Company entered into a Debt Exchange Agreement by and between the Company and Amir Ben-Yohanan, the Company s
Chief Executive Officer, a member of the Company s board of directors, and a significant stockholder of the Company. Pursuant to
the terms of the Agreement, the Company and Mr. Ben-Yohanan agreed to exchange 75,050 outstanding indebtedness for shares Such shares
were issued on November 17, 2022. As a result of the exchange, such indebtedness was deemed repaid in full. 

The
balance of the note payable as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 0 and 0, respectively. 

Note
payable Amir without interest 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company borrowed 1,027,500 and 0 from Amir. The note is due on demand and has no interest.
The Company recorded 6,842 imputed interest related to this note payable due to Amir. 

On
November 17, 2022, the Company entered into a Debt Exchange Agreement by and between the Company and Amir Ben-Yohanan, the Company s
Chief Executive Officer, a member of the Company s board of directors, and a significant stockholder of the Company. Pursuant to
the terms of the Agreement, the Company and Mr. Ben-Yohanan agreed to exchange 575,000 outstanding indebtedness for shares Such shares
were issued on November 17, 2022. As a result of the exchange, such indebtedness was deemed repaid in full. 

Results
of Operations 

For
the Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Net
Revenues 

Net
revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the year ended December 31, 2021 was 6,283,691 and 4,253,765, respectively. The increase
was the result of couple big projects from the Alden Reiman s agency such as Klay Thompson and Draftkings. 

Cost
of Sales 

Cost
of sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the year ended December 31, 2021 was 4,997,599 and 3,470,862, respectively. The increase
was the result of the costs related to the couple big projects from the Alden Reiman s agency such as Klay Thompson and Draftkings. 

Gross
Profit 

Gross
profit for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the year ended December 31, 2021 was 1,286,092 and 782,903, respectively. The gross
profit percentage was 20.5 and 18.4 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the year ended December 31, 2021, respectively. The increase
is because the Company negotiated better deals from the revenue brought by Alden Reiman. 

Operating
Expenses 

Operating
expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the year ended December 31, 2021 was 4,251,947 and 15,514,421, respectively. The
variances were as follows: (i) a decrease in rent and utilities expense of 1,709,811; (ii) a decrease in professional and consultant
fees of 5,977,958; (iii) a decrease in sales and marketing expenses of 64,396; (iv) a decrease of production expense of 156,082, and
(v) a decrease in salaries wages of 1,281,685. The overall decrease in total operating expenses resulted from a decrease in the
stock compensation to consultants, the termination of all leases by the end of 2021, and reduced advertising expenses. 

Non-cash
operating expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the year ended December 31, 2021 was 344,903 and 7,074,978, respectively. 

Non-cash
operating expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 100,991 from depreciation and amortization expenses, and (ii) stock-based
compensation of 243,913. Non-cash operating expenses for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 7,074,978 including (i) depreciation
of 41,833; and (ii) stock-based compensation of 7,033,145. 

55 

Other
(Income) Expenses 

Other
(income) expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the year ended December 31, 2021 was 4,559,876 and 7,514,138, respectively.
Other expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 included (i) (gain) loss in fair value derivative liability of (166,309), (ii) interest
expense of 1,459,053; and (iii) extinguishment of debt for 1,190,809, and gain in debt settlement for (1,429,906). The change in derivative
liability is the non-cash change in the fair value and relates to our derivative instruments. Interest expensewas mostly comprised of
non-cash interest of 6,842 from imputed interest, 2,415,346 from amortization of debt discounts, 758,265 from accretion expense 
excess derivative liability, and 1,459,053 interest expenses accrued from convertible debt. 

Other
expenses for the year ended December 31, 2021 included (i) change in fair value derivative liability of (1,029,530), (ii) interest expense
of 8,088,037; and (iii) extinguishment of debt with related party for 293,538, and extinguishment of debt for 163,466. The change
in derivative liability is the non-cash change in the fair value and relates to our derivative instruments. Interest expense of 8,088,037
was mostly comprised of non-cash interest of 15,920 from imputed interest, 5,932,883 from amortization of debt discounts, 245,199
from accretion expense excess derivative liability, and 550,285 interest accrued to convertible promissory note holders. 

Net
Loss 

Net
loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 7,525,731 and 22,245,656 , respectively, for the reasons discussed above. 

LIQUIDITY
AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

Operating
Activities 

Net
cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 1,958,875. This amount was primarily related to a net loss
of 7,525,731 and gain in debt settlement of 1,429,906 and offset by non-cash expenses of 3,740,110 including (i) depreciation and
amortization of 100,991; (ii) imputed interest of 6,842; (iii) stock-based compensation of 243,913; (iv) amortization of debt discounts
of 2,415,346; (v) non-cash interest expense in excess of derivative liability of 758,265; (vi) net working capital increase of 1,826,746;
(vii) loss in extinguishment of debt of 1,190,809, and (viii) additional non-cash interest expense due to debt restructuring of 620,160. 

Net
cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 7,970,357. This amount was primarily related to a net loss
of 22,245,656 and non-cash expense of change in fair value of derivative liability of 1,029,529 and offset by non-cash expenses of
 12,700,055 including (i) depreciation and amortization of 41,833; (ii) imputed interest of 15,920; (iii) stock-based compensation
of 7,033,145; (iv) amortization of debt discounts of 5,932,883; (v) non-cash interest expense in excess of derivative liability of
 245,199; (vi) net working capital increase of 1,575,243; (vii) loss in extinguishment of related party debt of 297,138, and (viii)
loss in extinguishment of debt of 163,466. 

Investment
Activities 

Net
cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 389,985. The Company purchased 5,000 in property, plant,
and equipment and 384,985 in internal used software. 

Net
cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 424,760. The Company purchased 33,900 in property, plant,
and equipment and 390,936 in internal used software. 

Financing
Activities 

Net
cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 2,107,053. The amount was related to proceeds from our
chief executive officer and chairman of the Board of 1,027,500 and repayment to our chief executive officer and chairman of the Board
of 105,822 and proceeds from borrowing from convertible notes payable of 888,063 and repayments of 298,945 to convertible notes payable
holders. The Company also issued for cash at a net proceeds of 596,258 from ELOC. 

Net
cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 8,656,865. The amount was related to proceeds from our
chief executive officer and chairman of the Board of 244,803 and repayment to our chief executive officer and chairman of the Board
of 137,500 and proceeds from borrowing from convertible notes payable of 8,041,501 and repayments of 455,000 to convertible notes
payable holders. The Company also issued for cash at a net proceeds of 963,061 from Regulation A offering and ELOC. 

Equity
Purchase Agreement and Registration Rights Agreement 

On
November 2, 2021, the Company entered into an Equity Purchase Agreement and Registration Rights Agreement (the Registration Rights
Agreement with Peak One Opportunity Fund, L.P. Investor ), dated as of October 29, 2021, pursuant to which the
Company shall have the right, but not the obligation, to direct Investor, to purchase up to 15,000,000 (the Maximum Commitment
Amount in shares of the Company s common stock, par value 0.001 per share Common Stock ), in multiple tranches
(the Put Shares ). Further, under the Equity Purchase Agreement and subject to the Maximum Commitment Amount, the Company
has the right, but not the obligation, to submit a Put Notice (as defined in the Equity Purchase Agreement) from time to time to Investor
(i) in a minimum amount not less than 20,000 and (ii) in a maximum amount up to the lesser of (a) 400,000.00 or (b) 250 of the Average
Daily Trading Value (as defined in the Equity Purchase Agreement). 

56 

In
exchange for Investor entering into the Equity Purchase Agreement, the Company agreed, among other things, to (A) issue Investor and
Peak One Investments, LLC, an aggregate of 70,000 shares of Common Stock (the Commitment Shares , and (B) file a
registration statement registering the Common Stock issued as Commitment Shares and issuable to Investor under the Equity Purchase Agreement
for resale (the Registration Statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 60 calendar days of the Equity
Purchase Agreement, as more specifically set forth in the Registration Rights Agreement. 

The
obligation of Investor to purchase the Company s Common Stock shall begin on the date of the Equity Purchase Agreement, and ending
on the earlier of (i) the date on which Investor shall have purchased Common Stock pursuant to the Equity Purchase Agreement equal to
the Maximum Commitment Amount, (ii) twenty four (24) months after the date of the Equity Purchase Agreement, (iii) written notice of
termination by the Company to Investor (which shall not occur during any Valuation Period or at any time that Investor holds any of the
Put Shares), (iv) the Registration Statement is no longer effective after the initial effective date of the Registration Statement, or
(v) the date that the Company commences a voluntary case or any person commences a proceeding against the Company, a custodian is appointed
for the Company or for all or substantially all of its property or the Company makes a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors
(the Commitment Period ). 

During
the Commitment Period, the purchase price to be paid by Investor for the Common Stock under the Equity Purchase Agreement shall be 95 
of the Market Price, which is defined as the lesser of the (i) closing bid price of the Common Stock on the trading day immediately preceding
the respective Put Date (as defined in the Equity Purchase Agreement), or (ii) lowest closing bid price of the Common Stock during the
Valuation Period (as defined in the Equity Purchase Agreement), in each case as reported by Bloomberg Finance L.P or other reputable
source designated by Investor. 

The
number of Put Shares to be purchased by the Investor shall not exceed the number of such shares that, when aggregated with all other
shares of Common Stock then owned by the Investor beneficially or deemed beneficially owned by the Investor, would result in the Investor
owning more than the Beneficial Ownership Limitation as determined in accordance with Section 16 of the Exchange Act and the regulations
promulgated thereunder. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99 of the number of shares of the Common Stock
outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to a Put Notice. 

In
accordance with that certain Registration Rights Agreement, the Selling Securityholders are entitled to certain rights with respect to
the registration of the Put Shares and Commitment Shares issued in connection with the Equity Purchase Agreement (the Registrable
Securities ). Pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, the Company must (i) file the Registration Statement within sixty
calendar days from the date of the Registration Rights Agreement, (ii) use reasonable efforts to cause the Registration Statement to
be declared effective under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), as promptly as possible after
the filing thereof, but in any event no later than the 90th calendar day following the date of the Registration Rights Agreement, and
(iii) use its reasonable efforts to keep such Registration Statement continuously effective under the Securities Act until all of the
Commitment Shares and Purchase Shares have been sold thereunder or pursuant to Rule 144. The Company must also take such action as is
necessary to register and/or qualify the Registrable Securities under such other securities or blue sky laws of all applicable jurisdictions
in the United States. 

Effects
of Coronavirus on the Company 

Due
to the digital/remote nature of our business, the coronavirus would have only a limited effect on our operations. 

Going
Concern 

We
adopted the Financial Accounting Standards Board s FASB Accounting Standard Codification ASC Topic
205-40, Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern, which requires that management evaluate whether there are relevant
conditions and events that, in the aggregate, raise substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern
and to meet its obligations as they become due within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued. 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern. While the Company is attempting
to generate additional revenues, the Company s cash position may not be significant enough to support the Company s daily
operations. Management intends to raise additional funds by way of a public or private offering. Management believes that the actions
presently being taken to further implement its business plan and generate revenues provide the opportunity for the Company to continue
as a going concern. While the Company believes in the viability of its strategy to generate revenues and in its ability to raise additional
funds, there can be no assurances to that effect. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the Company s
ability to further implement its business plan and generate revenues. We will require additional cash funding to fund operations. Therefore,
we concluded there was substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

57 

To
fund further operations, we will need to raise additional capital. We may obtain additional financing in the future through the issuance
of its common stock, or through other equity or debt financings. Our ability to continue as a going concern or meet the minimum liquidity
requirements in the future is dependent on its ability to raise significant additional capital, of which there can be no assurance. If
the necessary financing is not obtained or achieved, we will likely be required to reduce its planned expenditures, which could have
an adverse impact on the results of operations, financial condition and our ability to achieve its strategic objective. There can be
no assurance that financing will be available on acceptable terms, or at all. The financial statements contain no adjustments for the
outcome of these uncertainties. These factors raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern and have a material
adverse effect on our future financial results, financial position and cash flows. 

Convertible
Promissory Notes 

For
a detailed description of convertible promissory notes of the Company, see Description of Business Convertible Promissory
Notes. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

As
of December 31, 2022, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K promulgated
under the Securities Act reasonably likely to have a material effect on our financial condition. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Use
of Estimates 

In
preparing the consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP ),
management makes estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets
and liabilities as of the dates of the consolidated financial statements, as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during
the reporting period. Significant estimates and assumptions made by management include, but are not limited to, revenue recognition,
the allowance for bad debt, useful life of fixed assets, income taxes and unrecognized tax benefits, valuation allowance for deferred
tax assets, and assumptions used in assessing impairment of long-lived assets. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Reverse
Merger Accounting 

The
Merger was accounted for as a reverse-merger and recapitalization in accordance with GAAP. WOHG was the acquirer for financial reporting
purposes and Clubhouse Media Group, Inc. was the acquired company. Consequently, the assets and liabilities and the operations that are
reflected in the historical financial statements prior to the Merger will be those of WOHG and will be recorded at the historical cost
basis of WOHG since its inception on January 2, 2020. The consolidated financial statements after completion of the Merger include the
assets and liabilities of the Company and WOHG, historical operations of WOHG since its inception on January 2, 2020 to the closing date
of the merger, and operations of the Company from the closing date of the Merger. Common stock and the corresponding capital amounts
of the Company pre-merger have been retroactively restated as capital stock shares reflecting the exchange ratio in the Merger. In conjunction
with the Merger, WOHG received no cash and assumed no liabilities from Clubhouse Media Group, Inc. All members of the Company s
executive management are from WOHG. 

Lease 

On
January 2, 2020, the Company adopted FASB ASC Topic 842, Leases, or ASC 842, using the modified retrospective transition method with
a cumulative effect adjustment to accumulated deficit as of January 1, 2019, and accordingly, modified its policy on accounting for leases
as stated below. 

As
described under Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements, below, the primary impact of adopting ASC 842 for the Company
was the recognition in the consolidated balance sheet of certain lease-related assets and liabilities for operating leases with terms
longer than 12 months. The Company elected to use the short-term exception and does not records assets/liabilities for short term leases
as of September 30, 2021. 

The
Company s leases primarily consist of facility leases which are classified as operating leases. The Company assesses whether an
arrangement contains a lease at inception. The Company recognizes a lease liability to make contractual payments under all leases with
terms greater than twelve months and a corresponding right-of-use asset, representing its right to use the underlying asset for the lease
term. The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of the lease payments over the lease term using the collateralized
incremental borrowing rate since the implicit rate is unknown. Options to extend or terminate a lease are included in the lease term
when it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise such an option. The right-of-use asset is initially measured as the contractual
lease liability plus any initial direct costs and prepaid lease payments made, less any lease incentives. Lease expense is recognized
on a straight-line basis over the lease term. All leases are terminated since December 31, 2022. 

58 

Leased
right-of-use assets are subject to impairment testing as a long-lived asset at the asset-group level. The Company monitors its long-lived
assets for indicators of impairment. As the Company s leased right-of-use assets primarily relate to facility leases, early abandonment
of all or part of facility as part of a restructuring plan is typically an indicator of impairment. If impairment indicators are present,
the Company tests whether the carrying amount of the leased right-of-use asset is recoverable including consideration of sublease income,
and if not recoverable, measures impairment loss for the right-of-use asset or asset group. 

Revenue
Recognition 

In
May 2014 the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606),
which supersedes all existing revenue recognition requirements, including most industry specific guidance. This new standard requires
a company to recognize revenues when it transfers goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration that the
Company expects to receive for those goods or services. The FASB subsequently issued the following amendments to ASU No. 2014-09 that
have the same effective date and transition date: ASU No. 2016-08, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus
Agent Considerations; ASU No. 2016-10, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing;
ASU No. 2016-12, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients; and ASU No. 2016-20,
Technical Corrections and Improvements to Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. The Company adopted these amendments with
ASU 2014-09 (collectively, the new revenue standards). 

Under
the new revenue standards, the Company recognizes revenues when its customer obtains control of promised goods or services, in an amount
that reflects the consideration which it expects to receive in exchange for those goods. The Company recognizes revenues following the
five-step model prescribed under ASU No. 2014-09: (i) identify contract(s) with a customer; (ii) identify the performance obligations
in the contract; (iii) determine the transaction price; (iv) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract;
and (v) recognize revenues when (or as) we satisfy the performance obligation. The Company recognized revenue from providing temporary
and permanent staffing solutions and sale of consumer products. 

Managed
Services Revenue 

The
Company generates revenue from its managed services when a marketer (typically a brand, agency or partner) pays the Company to provide
custom content, influencer marketing, amplification or other campaign management services Managed Services ). 

The
Company maintains separate arrangements with each marketer and content creator either in the form of a master agreement or terms of service,
which specify the terms of the relationship and access to its platforms, or by statement of work, which specifies the price and the services
to be performed, along with other terms. The transaction price is determined based on the fixed fee stated in the statement of work and
does not contain variable consideration. Marketers who contract with the Company to manage their advertising campaigns or custom content
requests may prepay for services or request credit terms. The agreement typically provides for either a non-refundable deposit, or a
cancellation fee if the agreement is canceled by the customer prior to completion of services. Billings in advance of completed services
are recorded as a contract liability until earned. The Company assesses collectability based on a number of factors, including the creditworthiness
of the customer and payment and transaction history. 

For
Managed Services Revenue, the Company enters into an agreement to provide services that may include multiple distinct performance obligations
in the form of: (i) an integrated marketing campaign to provide influencer marketing services, which may include the provision of blogs,
tweets, photos or videos shared through social network offerings and content promotion, such as click-through advertisements appearing
in websites and social media channels; and (ii) custom content items, such as a research or news article, informational material or videos.
Marketers typically purchase influencer marketing services for the purpose of providing public awareness or advertising buzz regarding
the marketer s brand and they purchase custom content for internal and external use. The Company may provide one type or a combination
of all types of these performance obligations on a statement of work for a lump sum fee. The Company allocates revenue to each performance
obligation in the contract at inception based on its relative standalone selling price. These performance obligations are to be provided
over a stated period that generally ranges from one day to one year. Revenue is accounted for when the performance obligation has been
satisfied depending on the type of service provided. The Company views its obligation to deliver influencer marketing services, including
management services, as a single performance obligation that is satisfied at the time the customer receives the benefits from the services. 

Based
on the Company s evaluations, revenue from Managed Services is reported on a gross basis because the Company has the primary obligation
to fulfill the performance obligations and it creates, reviews and controls the services. The Company takes on the risk of payment to
any third-party creators and it establishes the contract price directly with its customers based on the services requested in the statement
of work. The contract liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 27,500 and 337,500, respectively. 

59 

Subscription-Based
Revenue 

The
Company recognizes subscription-based revenue through Honeydrip.com, its social media website, which allows customers to visit the creator s
personal page over the contract period without taking possession of the products or deliverables. Customers incur costs on either a subscription
or consumption basis. Revenue provided on a subscription basis is recognized ratably over the contract period and revenue provided on
a consumption basis is recognized when the subscriber paid and received their access to the content. The Company reported the subscription-based
revenue at net basis since the Company is acting as an agent solely arranging for the third-party creator or influencer to provide the
services directly to the self-service customer through the platform or by posting the requested content. In April 2022, the Company has
determined it will be recognized at gross because they have controls of the services before it is transferred to the end customer. The
Company provided services like online chat and other services directly with the end customers by their internal team. Also, the Company
will establish the price on behalf of the content creators as disclosed in the agreement. The Company has sole power to change the price
based on the market. These are good indicator that the Company controls the specified goods or services before it is transferred to the
customer. 

Software
Development Costs 

We
apply ASC 350-40, Intangibles Goodwill and Other Internal Use Software, in review of certain system projects. These system
projects generally relate to software we do not intend to sell or otherwise market. In addition, we apply this guidance to our review
of development projects related to software used exclusively for our SaaS subscription offerings. In these reviews, all costs incurred
during the preliminary project stages are expensed as incurred. Once the projects have been committed to and it is probable that the
projects will meet functional requirements, costs are capitalized. These capitalized software costs are amortized on a project-by-project
basis over the expected economic life of the underlying product on a straight-line basis, which is five years. Amortization commences
when the software is available for its intended use. Amounts capitalized related to development of internal use software are included
in property and equipment, net, on our Consolidated Balance sheets and related depreciation is recorded as a component of amortization
of intangible assets and depreciation in our consolidated statements of operations. During the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
we capitalized approximately 384,985 and 390,936, respectively, related to internal use software and recorded 65,826 and 10,791 in
related amortization expense, respectively. Unamortized costs of capitalized internal use software totaled 777,192 and 458,033 as of
December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Goodwill
Impairment 

We
test goodwill at least annually for impairment at the reporting unit level. We recognize an impairment charge if the carrying amount
of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value. When a portion of a reporting unit is disposed, goodwill is allocated to the gain or loss
on disposition based on the relative fair values of the business or businesses disposed and the portion of the reporting unit that will
be retained. 

For
other intangible assets that are not deemed indefinite-lived, cost is generally amortized on a straight-line basis over the asset s
estimated economic life, except for individually significant customer-related intangible assets that are amortized in relation to total
related sales. Amortizable intangible assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
related carrying amounts may not be recoverable. In these circumstances, they are tested for impairment based on undiscounted cash flows
and, if impaired, written down to estimated fair value based on either discounted cash flows or appraised values. The Company impaired
 0 and 0 of goodwill for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the year ended December 31, 2021, respectively. 

Impairment
of Long-Lived Assets 

Long-lived
assets, which include property, plant and equipment and intangible assets, are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. 

Recoverability
of long-lived assets to be held and used is measured by comparing the carrying amount of an asset to the estimated undiscounted future
cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated undiscounted future cash flows,
an impairment charge is recognized by the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the assets. Fair
value is generally determined using the asset s expected future discounted cash flows or market value, if readily determinable.
Based on its review, the Company believes that, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was no impairment loss of its long-lived assets. 

Income
Taxes 

The
Company accounts for income taxes using the asset and liability approach that requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities
for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in the Company s financial statements or tax returns.
In estimating future tax consequences, the Company generally considers all expected future events other than enactments of changes in
the tax law. For deferred tax assets, management evaluates the probability of realizing the future benefits of such assets. The Company
establishes valuation allowances for its deferred tax assets when evidence suggests it is unlikely that the assets will be fully realized. 

The
Company recognizes the tax effects of an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not to be sustained based solely on its
technical merits as of the reporting date and then only in an amount more likely than not to be sustained upon review by the tax authorities.
Income tax positions that previously failed to meet the more likely than not threshold are recognized in the first subsequent financial
reporting period in which that threshold is met. Previously recognized tax positions that no longer meet the more likely than not threshold
are derecognized in the first subsequent financial reporting period in which that threshold is no longer met. The Company classifies
potential accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits within the accompanying consolidated statements of operations
and comprehensive income (loss) as income tax expense. 

60 

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments 

The
carrying value of cash, accounts receivable, other receivable, note receivable, other current assets, accounts payable, and accrued expenses,
if applicable, approximate their fair values based on the short-term maturity of these instruments. The carrying amounts of debt were
also estimated to approximate fair value. 

The
Company utilizes the methods of fair value FV measurement as described in ASC 820 to value its financial assets and liabilities.
As defined in ASC 820, FV is based on the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
transaction between market participants at the measurement date. In order to increase consistency and comparability in FV measurements,
ASC 820 establishes a FV hierarchy that prioritizes observable and unobservable inputs used to measure FV into three broad levels, which
are described below: 

Level
1: Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date for assets or liabilities. The FV hierarchy
gives the highest priority to Level 1 inputs. 

 Level
2: Observable prices that are based on inputs not quoted on active markets, but corroborated by market data. 

 Level
3: Unobservable inputs are used when little or no market data is available. The FV hierarchy gives the lowest priority to Level 3 inputs. 

The
Company used Level 3 inputs for its valuation methodology for the derivative liabilities for conversion feature of the convertible notes
in determining the fair value the weighted-average Binomial option pricing model following assumption inputs. The fair value of derivative
liability as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 799,988 and 513,959, respectively. 

Stock
based Compensation 

Stock
based compensation cost to employees is measured at the date of grant, based on the calculated fair value of the stock-based award, and
will be recognized as expense over the employee s requisite service period (generally the vesting period of the award). Share-based
compensation awards issued to non-employees for services rendered are recorded at either the fair value of the services rendered or the
fair value of the share-based payment, whichever is more readily determinable. 

Derivative
instruments 

The
fair value of derivative instruments is recorded and shown separately under liabilities. Changes in the fair value of derivatives liability
are recorded in the consolidated statement of operations under other (income) expense. 

Our
Company evaluates all of its financial instruments to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify
as embedded derivatives. For derivative financial instruments that are accounted for as liabilities, the derivative instrument is initially
recorded at its fair value and is then re-valued at each reporting date, with changes in the fair value reported in the consolidated
statements of operations. For stock-based derivative financial instruments, the Company uses binomial option-pricing model to value the
derivative instruments at inception and on subsequent valuation dates. The classification of derivative instruments, including whether
such instruments should be recorded as liabilities or as equity, is evaluated at the end of each reporting period. Derivative instrument
liabilities are classified in the balance sheet as current or non-current based on whether or not net-cash settlement of the derivative
instrument could be required within 12 months of the balance sheet date. 

Related
Parties 

The
Company follows subtopic 850-10 of the FASB ASC for the identification of related parties and disclosure of related party transactions.
Pursuant to Section 850-10-20 related parties include: 

a.
affiliates of the Company; 

 b.
entities for which investments in their equity securities would be required, absent the election of the FV option under the FV Option
Subsection of Section 825 10 15, to be accounted for by the equity method by the investing entity; 

 c.
trusts for the benefit of employees, such as pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of management; 

 d.
principal owners of the Company; 

 e.
management of the Company; 

 f.
other parties with which the Company may deal if one party controls or can significantly influence the management or operating policies
of the other to an extent that one of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests; and 

 g.
other parties that can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the transacting parties or that have an ownership
interest in one of the transacting parties and can significantly influence the other to an extent that one or more of the transacting
parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests. 

61 

The
financial statements shall include disclosures of material related party transactions, other than compensation arrangements, expense
allowances, and other similar items in the ordinary course of business. However, disclosure of transactions that are eliminated in the
preparation of financial statements is not required in those statements. 

The
disclosures shall include: a. the nature of the relationship(s) involved; b. a description of the transactions, including transactions
to which no amounts or nominal amounts were ascribed, for each of the periods for which income statements are presented, and such other
information deemed necessary to an understanding of the effects of the transactions on the financial statements; c. the dollar amounts
of transactions for each of the periods for which income statements are presented and the effects of any change in the method of establishing
the terms from that used in the preceding period; and d. amounts due from or to related parties as of the date of each balance sheet
presented and, if not otherwise apparent, the terms and manner of settlement. 

New
Accounting Pronouncements 

In
June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses
on Financial Instruments ASU 2016-13 ). ASU 2016-13 requires companies to measure credit losses utilizing a methodology
that reflects expected credit losses and requires a consideration of a broader range of reasonable and supportable information to inform
credit loss estimates. ASU 2016-13 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022, including those interim periods within
those fiscal years. We did not expect the adoption of this guidance have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 

On
October 1, 2020, we early adopted ASU No. 2019-12, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes (ASU 2019-12),
which simplifies the accounting for income taxes. This guidance was effective beginning January 1, 2021, with early adoption permitted.
The adoption of this new standard did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 

In
August 2020, the FASB issued ASU No. 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and
Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s
Own Equity (ASU 2020-06), which simplifies the accounting for convertible instruments by reducing the number of accounting models available
for convertible debt instruments. This guidance also eliminates the treasury stock method to calculate diluted earnings per share for
convertible instruments and requires the use of the if-converted method. This guidance will be effective for us in the first quarter
of 2022 on a full or modified retrospective basis, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the timing, method
of adoption and overall impact of this standard on its consolidated financial statements. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Reference
is made to pages F-1 through F-40 comprising a portion of this annual report . 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure
controls are procedures that are designed with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed
under the Exchange Act, such as this annual report, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time period specified
in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated
and communicated to our management, including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management evaluated, with the participation of our current chief executive officer and
chief financial officer (our Certifying Officers ), the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December
31, 2022, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, our Certifying Officers concluded that, as of
December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were ineffective. The ineffectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures
was due to the existence of material weaknesses. 

62 

We
do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and
procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the
disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there
are resource constraints, and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure
controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all
our control deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain
assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated
goals under all potential future conditions. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined under Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 14d-14(f). Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles. 

All
internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations and may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore,
even those systems determined to be effective can only provide reasonable assurance with respect to financial reporting reliability and
financial statement preparation and presentation. In addition, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject
to risk that controls become inadequate because of changes in conditions and that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures
may deteriorate. 

Management
assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making the assessment,
management used the criteria issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO 2013) in Internal
Control-Integrated Framework. Based on its assessment, management concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our Company s internal
control over financial reporting was ineffective. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the
Exchange Act) during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect,
our internal control over financial reporting. As described above, the Company has conclude the internal control over
financial reporting is ineffective in 2022 because of the material weakness identified by our independent auditor. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not
applicable. 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Officers
and Directors 

As
of the date of this annual report, our officers and directors are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Amir
 Ben-Yohanan 
 
 50 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Director, Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 
 
 Scott
 Hoey 
 
 37 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 Harris
 Tulchin 
 
 69 
 
 Director 
 
 Massimiliano
 Musina 
 
 39 
 
 Independent
 Director 

Amir
Ben-Yohanan. Amir Ben-Yohanan was appointed as the Company s Chief Executive Officer and as a member of the Company s
Board of Directors on June 18, 2020. Mr. Ben-Yohanan worked for over 15 years for large multinational corporations, such as AT T
and the Associated Press, as a Senior Director of Finance where he oversaw internal audit, compliance and financial reporting departments.
In 2012, he left a successful career in the corporate world to become an entrepreneur. In August 2015, Mr. Ben-Yohanan founded West of
Hudson Properties, a real estate investment and property management firm headquartered in Hackensack, NJ. West of Hudson Properties currently
owns and manages over 300 million in real estate assets across 95+ multi-family residential properties. More recently, he has expanded
the operation and successfully completes several multi-family ground up construction projects each year in New Jersey and Pennsylvania. 

63 

Mr.
Ben-Yohanan earned his Master s Degree in Finance from the University of Sydney Australia in 1999 and holds an undergraduate degree
in Accounting. 

Scott
Hoey. Scott Hoey was appointed as the Company s Chief Financial Officer on May 27, 2022. Mr. Hoey, age 37, has served
as the Company s Treasurer since May 2021. From June 2018 to April 2021, he served as Vice President of Acquisitions of West
of Hudson Properties. From November 2014 to May 2018, Mr. Hoey served as a Financial Services Representative at TD Bank, N.A. From
May 2011 to October 2014 he served as a Personal Banker at Bank of America, N.A. He earned his Bachelor s Degree in Business
Administration with a concentration in Management and Marketing from Montclair State University. 

Harris
Tulchin. Mr. Tulchin was appointed as a member of the Company s Board of Directors on August 5, 2020. Mr. Tulchin is an
entertainment lawyer, producer, author, and producer s representative and has been practicing entertainment, transactional, and
labor law since 1978. He is the Chairman, founder and owner of Harris Tulchin Associates LTD, an international entertainment and
multimedia law firm that provides legal services to its clients in the motion picture, television, music, and multimedia industries.
Mr. Tulchin has served as the Chairman of Harris Tulchin Associates LTD since his firm s incorporation in 2000 where he has
represented clients in every facet of the entertainment industry, including major film studios, producers, writers, directors, actors,
digital developers, animators, and musicians. Mr. Tulchin has also held numerous senior roles at various other companies in his career,
serving as, among others, Senior Vice President of Business Affairs and General Counsel for Cinema Group, General Counsel and Head of
Business Affairs for KCET Television, Senior Counsel for United Artists, Director of Business Affairs at MGM Television, and Counsel
for Filmways Pictures. He has produced or executive produced over a dozen films, including To Sleep With Anger starring
Danny Glover and directed by Charles Burnett, which was admitted into Sundance and Cannes Film Festivals in 1990, and was a winner of
four Independent Spirit Awards. Mr. Tulchin is also the co-author of a book considered a staple of the motion picture industry, entitled:
 The Independent Film Producer s Survival Guide: A Legal and Business Sourcebook , published by Schirmer Press, New
York (2002, 2005, 2010). 

In
addition to serving as Chairman of his law firm, Mr. Tulchin also serves as Chief Legal Adviser and a member of the advisory board of
Cinezen Blockchained Entertainment AB, a Swedish start-up blockchain/cryptocurrency video-on-demand distribution platform with the goal
to revolutionize the existing model of film distribution. He has served in these capacities since the Company s inception in September
2017, and provides guidance on business and legal issues in connection with the Company s operations. 

In
his role as director of the Company, Mr. Tulchin brings a wealth of expertise in both the legal and business aspects of the development,
production, financing and distribution of entertainment product, and the international licensing of content in all media and will provide
valuable guidance to the Company as it endeavors to implement its plan of operations. 

He
is a graduate of Cornell University and UC Hastings College of Law, and was admitted to The State Bar of California in 1979 and the Hawaii
State Bar in 1978. He is presently inactive in Hawaii. 

Massimiliano
Musina. Mr. Musina is a managing partner of Spout, a podcast media company, where he has been since 2020 to the present. He is
also Founder and CEO of The Map Group, a Film and TV production and Financing company, where he has been from 2016 to the present. Mr.
Mussina is also a co-founder of the Podcast and Media company called Gulfstream Studios, where he has been from 2021 to the present. 

Advisory
Board 

On
April 2, 2021, the Company established an advisory board Advisory Board to provide guidance and advice to the directors
and officers of the Company regarding technical and business matters. The advisory board has no voting powers. The advisory board is
made up of two members including Harris Tulchin and Massimiliano Musina. 

Harris
Tulchin. Mr. Tulchin was appointed as a member of the Company s Board of Directors on August 5, 2020. 

Massimiliano
Musina . On October 12, 2021, the Board appointed Massimiliano Musina to serve as a member of the Company s Board of Directors. 

Number
and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors 

Each
member of our Board of Directors serves for a term ending on the date of the annual meeting of stockholders following the annual meeting
of the stockholders at which such director was elected. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each director shall serve until his or her successor
is elected and qualified or until his or her death, resignation or removal. Our officers are appointed by our Board to a term of one
year and serve until their successors are duly appointed and qualified, or until the officer is removed from office. Our Board has no
nominating, audit or compensation committees. 

64 

Committees
of the Board of Directors 

We
do not have a standing nominating, compensation or audit committee. Rather, our full Board of Directors performs the functions of these
committees. We do not believe it is necessary for our Board of Directors to appoint such committees because the volume of matters that
come before our Board of Directors for consideration permits the directors to give sufficient time and attention to such matters to be
involved in all decision making. Additionally, because our common stock is not listed for trading or quotation on a national securities
exchange, we are not required to have such committees. 

Director
Nominations 

Our
full Board of Directors recommends candidates for nomination for election at the annual meeting of the stockholders. We have not formally
established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general,
in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, the Board of Directors considers educational background, diversity of professional
experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best
interests of our stockholders. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
have not yet adopted a code of ethics that applies to all of our employees, officers and directors, including those officers responsible
for financial reporting. We expect that we will adopt a code of ethics in the near future. 

Director
Independence 

We
have one independent director (Massimiliano Musina), as such term is defined in the listing standards of The NASDAQ Stock Market, at this
time. The Company is not quoted on any exchange that requires director independence requirements. 

Family
Relationships 

None. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

No
executive officer, member of the Board of Directors or control person of our Company has been involved in any legal proceeding listed
in Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K in the past 10 years. 

Board
Leadership Structure and Board s Role in Risk Oversight 

We
have not separated the positions of Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer. Amir Ben-Yohanan has served as our Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer since June 30, 2020. We believe that combining the positions of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer allows for
focused leadership of our organization which benefits us in our relationships with investors, customers, suppliers, employees and other
constituencies. We believe that consolidating the leadership of the Company under Mr. Ben-Yohanan is the appropriate leadership structure
for our Company and that any risks inherent in that structure are balanced by the oversight of our other independent directors on our
Board. However, no single leadership model is right for all companies and at all times. The Board recognizes that depending on the circumstances,
other leadership models, such as the appointment of a lead independent director, might be appropriate. Accordingly, the Board may periodically
review its leadership structure. In addition, following the completion of the offering, the Board will hold executive sessions in which
only independent directors are present. 

Our
Board is generally responsible for the oversight of corporate risk in its review and deliberations relating to our activities. Our principal
source of risk falls into two categories, financial and product commercialization. Our Board regularly reviews information regarding
our cash position, liquidity and operations, as well as the risks associated with each. The Board regularly reviews plans, results and
potential risks related to our business. The Board is also expected to oversee risk management as it relates to our compensation plans,
policies and practices for all employees including executives and directors, particularly whether our compensation programs may create
incentives for our employees to take excessive or inappropriate risks which could have a material adverse effect on the Company. 

Limitation
on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors 

Our
Articles of Incorporation provides that our officers and directors will be indemnified by us to the fullest extent authorized by Nevada
law, as it now exists or may in the future be amended. In addition, our articles of incorporation and section 138 of the Nevada Business
Corporation Act provide that our directors will not be personally liable for monetary damages to us for breaches of their fiduciary duty
as directors unless such breach involves intentional misconduct, fraud, or a knowing violation of the law. 

65 

Our
articles of incorporation also permit us to maintain insurance on behalf of any officer, director or employee for any liability arising
out of his or her actions, regardless of whether Delaware law would permit such indemnification. We have purchased a policy of directors 
and officers liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of
a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors. 

These
provisions may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions
also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against officers and directors, even though such an action,
if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder s investment may be adversely affected
to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 

We
believe that these provisions and the insurance are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced officers and directors. 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Executive
compensation was paid during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and ended December 31, 2021 to the officers and directors of the
Company. The Company has entered into Employment Agreements, a Consulting Agreement, and Directors Agreements with its officers and directors,
as applicable, as described below. 

The
following table presents information regarding the total compensation earned by our executive officers who were serving as executive
officers as of December 31, 2022 for services rendered in all capacities to us for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary USD) 
 Bonus USD) 
 Stock Based Awards USD) 
 Others USD) 
 Total USD) 
 
 Amir Ben-Yohanan 
 2022 
 400,000 
 
 100,000 
 
 500,000 
 
 Chairman of the Board, CEO, Principal Accounting Officer 
 2021 
 233,333 
 221,666 
 100,000 
 
 554,999 

Harris Tulchin 
 2022 

100,000 
 
 100,000 
 
 Chief Legal Officer 
 2021 
 285,000 
 81,666 
 100,000 
 
 466,666 

Scott Hoey 
 2022 
 64,615 

64,615 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 2021 

Employment
Agreements 

See
 Employment Agreements on page 40 and 41 of this annual report. 

2022
Equity Incentive Plan 

Overview 

The
Board of Directors and shareholders holding a majority of the Company s voting capital approved and adopted the Clubhouse Media
Group, Inc. 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2022 Plan on April 19, 2022. The 2022 Plan authorizes the issuance of up to
an aggregate maximum of 26,000,000 shares of the common stock, subject to adjustment as described in the 2022 Plan. The 2022 Plan shall
be administered by the Board or one or more committees appointed by the Board or another committee Administrator ). The
Administrator, in its discretion, selects the individuals to whom awards may be granted, the time or times at which such awards are granted,
and the terms of such awards. The 2022 Plan authorizes the Company to grant stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted shares,
restricted share unit, cash awards, other awards, and performance-based awards. Awards may be granted to the Company s officers,
employees, directors and consultants. 

The
purpose of 2022 Plan is to promote the success of the Company and to increase stockholder value by providing an additional means through
the grant of awards to attract, motivate, retain and reward selected employees and other eligible persons. The Board may, at any time,
terminate or, from time to time, amend, modify or suspend this 2022 Plan, in whole or in part. To the extent then required by applicable
law or any applicable stock exchange or required under the Internal Revenue Code to preserve the intended tax consequences of the 2022
Plan, or deemed necessary or advisable by the Board, the 2022 Plan and any amendment to the 2022 Plan shall be subject to stockholder
approval. Unless earlier terminated by the Board, the 2022 Plan will terminate ten years from the date of adoption. 

66 

Authorized
Shares 

A
total of 26,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock are authorized for issuance pursuant to the 2022 Plan. 

Additionally,
if any award issued pursuant to the 2022 Plan expires or becomes unexercisable without having been exercised in full, is surrendered
pursuant to an exchange program, as provided in the 2022 Plan, or, with respect to restricted stock, restricted stock units RSUs ),
performance units or performance shares, is forfeited to or repurchased by the Company due to the failure to vest, the unpurchased shares
(or for awards other than stock options or stock appreciation rights the forfeited or repurchased shares) which were subject thereto
will become available for future grant or sale under the 2022 Plan (unless the 2022 Plan has terminated). With respect to stock appreciation
rights, only shares actually issued pursuant to a stock appreciation right will cease to be available under the 2022 Plan; all remaining
shares under stock appreciation rights will remain available for future grant or sale under the 2022 Plan (unless the 2022 Plan has terminated).
Shares that have actually been issued under the 2022 Plan under any award will not be returned to the 2022 Plan and will not become available
for future distribution under the 2022 Plan; provided, however, that if shares issued pursuant to awards of restricted stock, restricted
stock units, performance shares or performance units are repurchased by the Company or are forfeited to the Company due to the failure
to vest, such shares will become available for future grant under the 2022 Plan. Shares used to pay the exercise price of an award or
to satisfy the tax withholdings related to an award will become available for future grant or sale under the 2022 Plan. To the extent
an award under the 2022 Plan is paid out in cash rather than shares, such cash payment will not result in reducing the number of shares
available for issuance under the 2022 Plan. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the maximum number of shares that may be issued upon the exercise of incentive stock options will equal the aggregate
share number stated above, plus, to the extent allowable under Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and regulations
promulgated thereunder, any shares that become available for issuance under the 2022 Plan in accordance with the foregoing. 

Plan
Administration 

The
Board or one or more committees appointed by the Board will administer the 2022 Plan. In addition, if the Company determines it is desirable
to qualify transactions under the 2022 Plan as exempt under Rule 16b-3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, such transactions
will be structured with the intent that they satisfy the requirements for exemption under Rule 16b-3. Subject to the provisions of the
2022 Plan, the administrator has the power to administer the 2022 Plan and make all determinations deemed necessary or advisable for
administering the 2022 Plan, including the power to determine the fair market value of the Company s common stock, select the service
providers to whom awards may be granted, determine the number of shares covered by each award, approve forms of award agreements for
use under the 2022 Plan, determine the terms and conditions of awards (including the exercise price, the time or times at which the awards
may be exercised, any vesting acceleration or waiver or forfeiture restrictions and any restriction or limitation regarding any award
or the shares relating thereto), construe and interpret the terms of the 2022 Plan and awards granted under it, prescribe, amend and
rescind rules relating to the 2022 Plan, including creating sub-plans and modify or amend each award, including the discretionary authority
to extend the post-termination exercisability period of awards (provided that no option or stock appreciation right will be extended
past its original maximum term), and to allow a participant to defer the receipt of payment of cash or the delivery of shares that would
otherwise be due to such participant under an award. The administrator also has the authority to allow participants the opportunity to
transfer outstanding awards to a financial institution or other person or entity selected by the administrator and to institute an exchange
program by which outstanding awards may be surrendered or cancelled in exchange for awards of the same type which may have a higher or
lower exercise price or different terms, awards of a different type or cash, or by which the exercise price of an outstanding award is
increased or reduced. The administrator s decisions, interpretations and other actions are final and binding on all participants. 

Eligibility 

Awards
under the 2022 Plan, other than incentive stock options, may be granted to employees (including officers) of the Company or a subsidiary,
members of the Company s Board, or consultants engaged to render bona fide services to the Company or a subsidiary. Incentive stock
options may be granted only to employees of the Company or a subsidiary. 

Stock
Options 

Stock
options may be granted under the 2022 Plan. The exercise price of options granted under the 2022 Plan generally must at least be equal
to the fair market value of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. The term of each option will be as stated in the applicable
award agreement; provided, however, that the term may be no more than 10 years from the date of grant. The administrator will determine
the methods of payment of the exercise price of an option, which may include cash, shares or other property acceptable to the administrator,
as well as other types of consideration permitted by applicable law. After the termination of service of an employee, director or consultant,
they may exercise their option for the period of time stated in their option agreement. In the absence of a specified time in an award
agreement, if termination is due to death or disability, the option will remain exercisable for 12 months. In all other cases, in the
absence of a specified time in an award agreement, the option will remain exercisable for three months following the termination of service.
An option may not be exercised later than the expiration of its term. Subject to the provisions of the 2022 Plan, the administrator determines
the other terms of options. 

67 

Stock
Appreciation Rights 

Stock
appreciation rights may be granted under the 2022 Plan. Stock appreciation rights allow the recipient to receive the appreciation in
the fair market value of the Company s common stock between the exercise date and the date of grant. Stock appreciation rights
may not have a term exceeding 10 years. After the termination of service of an employee, director or consultant, they may exercise their
stock appreciation right for the period of time stated in their stock appreciation right agreement. In the absence of a specified time
in an award agreement, if termination is due to death or disability, the stock appreciation rights will remain exercisable for 12 months.
In all other cases, in the absence of a specified time in an award agreement, the stock appreciation rights will remain exercisable for
three months following the termination of service. However, in no event may a stock appreciation right be exercised later than the expiration
of its term. Subject to the provisions of the 2022 Plan, the administrator determines the other terms of stock appreciation rights, including
when such rights become exercisable and whether to pay any increased appreciation in cash or with shares of the Company s common
stock, or a combination thereof, except that the per share exercise price for the shares to be issued pursuant to the exercise of a stock
appreciation right will be no less than 100 of the fair market value per share on the date of grant. 

Restricted
Stock 

Restricted
stock may be granted under the 2022 Plan. Restricted stock awards are grants of shares of the Company s common stock that vest
in accordance with terms and conditions established by the administrator. The administrator will determine the number of shares of restricted
stock granted to any employee, director or consultant and, subject to the provisions of the 2022 Plan, will determine the terms and conditions
of such awards. The administrator may impose whatever conditions to vesting it determines to be appropriate (for example, the administrator
may set restrictions based on the achievement of specific performance goals or continued service to the Company); provided, however,
that the administrator, in its sole discretion, may accelerate the time at which any restrictions will lapse or be removed. Recipients
of restricted stock awards generally will have voting and dividend rights with respect to such shares upon grant without regard to vesting,
unless the administrator provides otherwise. Shares of restricted stock that do not vest are subject to the Company s right of
repurchase or forfeiture. 

Restricted
Stock Units 

RSUs
may be granted under the 2022 Plan. RSUs are bookkeeping entries representing an amount equal to the fair market value of one share of
the Company s common stock. Subject to the provisions of the 2022 Plan, the administrator determines the terms and conditions of
RSUs, including the vesting criteria and the form and timing of payment. The administrator may set vesting criteria based upon the achievement
of Company-wide, divisional, business unit or individual goals (including continued employment or service), applicable federal or state
securities laws or any other basis determined by the administrator in its discretion. The administrator, in its sole discretion, may
pay earned RSUs in the form of cash, in shares of the Company s common stock or in some combination thereof. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, the administrator, in its sole discretion, may accelerate the time at which any vesting requirements will be deemed satisfied. 

Performance
Units and Performance Shares 

Performance
units and performance shares may be granted under the 2022 Plan. Performance units and performance shares are awards that will result
in a payment to a participant only if performance goals established by the administrator are achieved or the awards otherwise vest. The
administrator will establish performance objectives or other vesting criteria in its discretion, which, depending on the extent to which
they are met, will determine the number or the value of performance units and performance shares to be paid out to participants. The
administrator may set performance objectives based on the achievement of Company-wide, divisional, business unit or individual goals
(including continued employment or service), applicable federal or state securities laws or any other basis determined by the administrator
in its discretion. After the grant of a performance unit or performance share, the administrator, in its sole discretion, may reduce
or waive any performance criteria or other vesting provisions for such performance units or performance shares. Performance units shall
have an initial dollar value established by the administrator on or prior to the grant date. Performance shares shall have an initial
value equal to the fair market value of the Company s common stock on the grant date. The administrator, in its sole discretion,
may pay earned performance units or performance shares in the form of cash, in shares or in some combination thereof. 

Non-Employee
Directors 

The
2022 Plan provides that all non-employee directors will be eligible to receive all types of awards (except for incentive stock options)
under the 2022 Plan. The 2022 Plan includes a maximum limit of 300,000 of equity awards that may be granted to a non-employee director
in any fiscal year. For purposes of this limitation, the value of equity awards is based on the grant date fair value (determined in
accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States). Any equity awards granted to a person for their services
as an employee, or for their services as a consultant (other than as a non-employee director), will not count for purposes of the limitation.
The maximum limit does not reflect the intended size of any potential compensation or equity awards to the Company s non-employee
directors. 

68 

Non-transferability
of Awards 

Unless
the administrator provides otherwise, the 2022 Plan generally does not allow for the transfer of awards and only the recipient of an
award may exercise an award during their lifetime. If the administrator makes an award transferrable, such award will contain such additional
terms and conditions as the administrator deems appropriate. 

Certain
Adjustments 

In
the event of certain changes in the Company s capitalization, to prevent diminution or enlargement of the benefits or potential
benefits available under the 2022 Plan, the administrator will adjust the number and class of shares that may be delivered under the
2022 Plan or the number, and price of shares covered by each outstanding award and the numerical share limits set forth in the 2022 Plan. 

Dissolution
or Liquidation 

In
the event of the Company s proposed liquidation or dissolution, the administrator will notify participants as soon as practicable
and all awards will terminate immediately prior to the consummation of such proposed transaction. 

Merger
or Change in Control 

The
2022 Plan provides that in the event of the Company s merger with or into another corporation or entity or a change in control 
(as defined in the 2022 Plan), each outstanding award will be treated as the administrator determines, including, without limitation,
that (i) awards will be assumed, or substantially equivalent awards will be substituted, by the acquiring or succeeding corporation (or
an affiliate thereof) with appropriate adjustments as to the number and kind of shares and prices; (ii) upon written notice to a participant,
that the participant s awards will terminate upon or immediately prior to the consummation of such merger or change in control;
(iii) outstanding awards will vest and become exercisable, realizable or payable, or restrictions applicable to an award will lapse,
in whole or in part, prior to or upon consummation of such merger or change in control and, to the extent the administrator determines,
terminate upon or immediately prior to the effectiveness of such merger or change in control; (iv) (A) the termination of an award in
exchange for an amount of cash or property, if any, equal to the amount that would have been attained upon the exercise of such award
or realization of the participant s rights as of the date of the occurrence of the transaction (and, for the avoidance of doubt,
if as of the date of the occurrence of the transaction the administrator determines in good faith that no amount would have been attained
upon the exercise of such award or realization of the participant s rights, then such award may be terminated by the Company without
payment) or (B) the replacement of such award with other rights or property selected by the administrator in its sole discretion; or
(v) any combination of the foregoing. The administrator will not be obligated to treat all awards, all awards a participant holds, or
all awards of the same type, similarly. In the event that awards (or portion thereof) are not assumed or substituted for in the event
of a merger or change in control, the participant will fully vest in and have the right to exercise all of their outstanding options
and stock appreciation rights, including shares as to which such awards would not otherwise be vested or exercisable, all restrictions
on restricted stock and RSUs will lapse and, with respect to awards with performance-based vesting, all performance goals or other vesting
criteria will be deemed achieved at 100 of target levels and all other terms and conditions met, in all cases, unless specifically provided
otherwise under the applicable award agreement or other written agreement between the participant and the Company or any of the Company s
subsidiaries or parents, as applicable. If an option or stock appreciation right is not assumed or substituted in the event of a merger
or change in control, the administrator will notify the participant in writing or electronically that the option or stock appreciation
right will be exercisable for a period of time determined by the administrator in its sole discretion and the vested option or stock
appreciation right will terminate upon the expiration of such period. 

For
awards granted to an outside director, the outside director will fully vest in and have the right to exercise all of their outstanding
options and stock appreciation rights, all restrictions on restricted stock and RSUs will lapse and, for awards with performance-based
vesting, unless specifically provided for in the award agreement, all performance goals or other vesting criteria will be deemed achieved
at 100 of target levels and all other terms and conditions met. 

Clawback 

Awards
will be subject to any Company clawback policy that the Company is required to adopt pursuant to the listing standards of any national
securities exchange or association on which the Company s securities are listed or as is otherwise required by the Dodd-Frank Wall
Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act or other applicable laws. The administrator also may specify in an award agreement that the
participant s rights, payments or benefits with respect to an award will be subject to reduction, cancellation, forfeiture or recoupment
upon the occurrence of certain specified events. The Board may require a participant to forfeit, return or reimburse the Company all
or a portion of the award or shares issued under the award, any amounts paid under the award and any payments or proceeds paid or provided
upon disposition of the shares issued under the award in order to comply with such clawback policy or applicable laws. 

Amendment
and Termination 

The
administrator has the authority to amend, suspend or terminate the 2022 Plan provided such action does not impair the existing rights
of any participant. The 2022 Plan automatically will terminate in June of 2031, unless it is terminated sooner. 

69 

2023
Equity Incentive Plan 

On
July 11, 2022, the Board of Directors of the Company and stockholders holding a majority of the voting power of the Company approved
and adopted the Clubhouse Media Group, Inc. 2023 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2023 Plan ). The material terms of the 2023
Plan are set forth below. The description below of the 2023 Plan does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by
reference to the full text of the 2023 Plan, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated
herein by reference. 

Overview 

The
2023 Plan authorizes the issuance of up to an aggregate maximum of 75,000,000 shares of the common stock, subject to adjustment as described
in the 2023 Plan. The 2023 Plan shall be administered by the Board or one or more committees appointed by the Board or another committee Administrator ). The Administrator, has the power to all determinations deemed necessary or advisable for administering
the 2023 Plan, including the power to select the service providers to whom awards may be granted, determine the number of shares covered
by each award. The 2023 Plan authorizes the Company to grant stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted shares, restricted
share unit, cash awards, other awards, and performance-based awards. Awards may be granted to the Company s officers, employees,
directors and consultants. 

The
purpose of 2023 Plan is to (i) to attract and retain the best available personnel for positions of substantial responsibility, (ii) to
provide additional incentive to Employees, Directors and Consultants, and (ii) to promote the success of the Company s business.
The Administrator has the authority to amend, suspend or terminate the 2023 Plan provided such action does not impair the existing rights
of any participant. The 2023 Plan automatically will terminate on July 11, 2032, unless it is terminated sooner. 

The
Company plans to file a Registration Statement on Form S-8 with the SEC to register 75,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock,
issuable pursuant to the 2023 Plan in the near future . 

Authorized
Shares 

A
total of 75,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock are authorized for issuance pursuant to the 2023 Plan. 

Additionally,
if any award issued pursuant to the 2023 Plan expires or becomes unexercisable without having been exercised in full, is surrendered
pursuant to an exchange program, as provided in the 2023 Plan, or, with respect to restricted stock, restricted stock units RSUs ),
performance units or performance shares, is forfeited to or repurchased by the Company due to the failure to vest, the unpurchased shares
(or for awards other than stock options or stock appreciation rights the forfeited or repurchased shares) which were subject thereto
will become available for future grant or sale under the 2023 Plan (unless the 2023 Plan has terminated). With respect to stock appreciation
rights, only shares actually issued pursuant to a stock appreciation right will cease to be available under the 2023 Plan; all remaining
shares under stock appreciation rights will remain available for future grant or sale under the 2023 Plan (unless the 2023 Plan has terminated).
Shares that have actually been issued under the 2023 Plan under any award will not be returned to the 2023 Plan and will not become available
for future distribution under the 2023 Plan; provided, however, that if shares issued pursuant to awards of restricted stock, restricted
stock units, performance shares or performance units are repurchased by the Company or are forfeited to the Company due to the failure
to vest, such shares will become available for future grant under the 2023 Plan. Shares used to pay the exercise price of an award or
to satisfy the tax withholdings related to an award will become available for future grant or sale under the 2023 Plan. To the extent
an award under the 2023 Plan is paid out in cash rather than shares, such cash payment will not result in reducing the number of shares
available for issuance under the 2023 Plan. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing and, subject to adjustment as provided in the 2023 Plan, the maximum number of shares that may be issued upon the exercise
of incentive stock options will equal the aggregate share number stated above, plus, to the extent allowable under Section 422 of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and regulations promulgated thereunder, any shares that become available for issuance under
the 2023 Plan in accordance with the foregoing. 

Plan
Administration 

The
Board or one or more committees appointed by the Board will administer the 2023 Plan. In addition, if the Company determines it is desirable
to qualify transactions under the 2023 Plan as exempt under Rule 16b-3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, such transactions
will be structured with the intent that they satisfy the requirements for exemption under Rule 16b-3. Subject to the provisions of the
2023 Plan, the Administrator has the power to administer the 2023 Plan and make all determinations deemed necessary or advisable for
administering the 2023 Plan, including the power to determine the fair market value of the Company s common stock, select the service
providers to whom awards may be granted, determine the number of shares covered by each award, approve forms of award agreements for
use under the 2023 Plan, determine the terms and conditions of awards (including the exercise price, the time or times at which the awards
may be exercised, any vesting acceleration or waiver or forfeiture restrictions and any restriction or limitation regarding any award
or the shares relating thereto), construe and interpret the terms of the 2023 Plan and awards granted under it, prescribe, amend and
rescind rules relating to the 2023 Plan, including creating sub-plans and modify or amend each award, including the discretionary authority
to extend the post-termination exercisability period of awards (provided that no option or stock appreciation right will be extended
past its original maximum term), and to allow a participant to defer the receipt of payment of cash or the delivery of shares that would
otherwise be due to such participant under an award. The Administrator also has the authority to allow participants the opportunity to
transfer outstanding awards to a financial institution or other person or entity selected by the Administrator and to institute an exchange
program by which outstanding awards may be surrendered or cancelled in exchange for awards of the same type which may have a higher or
lower exercise price or different terms, awards of a different type or cash, or by which the exercise price of an outstanding award is
increased or reduced. The Administrator s decisions, interpretations and other actions are final and binding on all participants. 

70 

Eligibility 

Awards
under the 2023 Plan, other than incentive stock options, may be granted to employees (including officers) of the Company or a subsidiary,
members of the Company s Board, or consultants engaged to render bona fide services to the Company or a subsidiary. Incentive stock
options may be granted only to employees of the Company or a subsidiary. 

Stock
Options 

Stock
options may be granted under the 2023 Plan. The exercise price of options granted under the 2023 Plan generally must at least be equal
to the fair market value of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. The term of each option will be as stated in the applicable
award agreement; provided, however, that the term may be no more than 10 years from the date of grant. The Administrator will determine
the methods of payment of the exercise price of an option, which may include cash, shares or other property acceptable to the Administrator,
as well as other types of consideration permitted by applicable law. After the termination of service of an employee, director or consultant,
they may exercise their option for the period of time stated in their option agreement. In the absence of a specified time in an award
agreement, if termination is due to death or disability, the option will remain exercisable for 12 months. In all other cases, in the
absence of a specified time in an award agreement, the option will remain exercisable for three months following the termination of service.
An option may not be exercised later than the expiration of its term. Subject to the provisions of the 2023 Plan, the Administrator determines
the other terms of options. 

Notwithstanding
any other provision of the 2023 Plan to the contrary, the aggregate grant date fair value of all awards granted, under the 2023 Plan,
to any director who is not an employee, during any fiscal year of the Company, taken together with any cash compensation paid to such
director during such fiscal year, shall not exceed 300,000. 

Stock
Appreciation Rights 

Stock
appreciation rights may be granted under the 2023 Plan. Stock appreciation rights allow the recipient to receive the appreciation in
the fair market value of the Company s common stock between the exercise date and the date of grant. Stock appreciation rights
may not have a term exceeding 10 years. After the termination of service of an employee, director or consultant, they may exercise their
stock appreciation right for the period of time stated in their stock appreciation right agreement. In the absence of a specified time
in an award agreement, if termination is due to death or disability, the stock appreciation rights will remain exercisable for 12 months.
In all other cases, in the absence of a specified time in an award agreement, the stock appreciation rights will remain exercisable for
three months following the termination of service. However, in no event may a stock appreciation right be exercised later than the expiration
of its term. Subject to the provisions of the 2023 Plan, the Administrator determines the other terms of stock appreciation rights, including
when such rights become exercisable and whether to pay any increased appreciation in cash or with shares of the Company s common
stock, or a combination thereof, except that the per share exercise price for the shares to be issued pursuant to the exercise of a stock
appreciation right will be no less than 100 of the fair market value per share on the date of grant. 

Restricted
Stock 

Restricted
stock may be granted under the 2023 Plan. Restricted stock awards are grants of shares of the Company s common stock that vest
in accordance with terms and conditions established by the Administrator. The Administrator will determine the number of shares of restricted
stock granted to any employee, director or consultant and, subject to the provisions of the 2023 Plan, will determine the terms and conditions
of such awards. The Administrator may impose whatever conditions to vesting it determines to be appropriate (for example, the Administrator
may set restrictions based on the achievement of specific performance goals or continued service to the Company); provided, however,
that the Administrator, in its sole discretion, may accelerate the time at which any restrictions will lapse or be removed. Recipients
of restricted stock awards generally will have voting and dividend rights with respect to such shares upon grant without regard to vesting,
unless the Administrator provides otherwise. Shares of restricted stock that do not vest are subject to the Company s right of
repurchase or forfeiture. 

71 

Restricted
Stock Units 

RSUs
may be granted under the 2023 Plan. RSUs are bookkeeping entries representing an amount equal to the fair market value of one share of
the Company s common stock. Subject to the provisions of the 2023 Plan, the Administrator determines the terms and conditions of
RSUs, including the vesting criteria and the form and timing of payment. The Administrator may set vesting criteria based upon the achievement
of Company-wide, divisional, business unit or individual goals (including continued employment or service), applicable federal or state
securities laws or any other basis determined by the Administrator in its discretion. The Administrator, in its sole discretion, may
pay earned RSUs in the form of cash, in shares of the Company s common stock or in some combination thereof. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, the Administrator, in its sole discretion, may accelerate the time at which any vesting requirements will be deemed satisfied. 

Performance
Units and Performance Shares 

Performance
units and performance shares may be granted under the 2023 Plan. Performance units and performance shares are awards that will result
in a payment to a participant only if performance goals established by the Administrator are achieved or the awards otherwise vest. The
Administrator will establish performance objectives or other vesting criteria in its discretion, which, depending on the extent to which
they are met, will determine the number or the value of performance units and performance shares to be paid out to participants. The
Administrator may set performance objectives based on the achievement of Company-wide, divisional, business unit or individual goals
(including continued employment or service), applicable federal or state securities laws or any other basis determined by the Administrator
in its discretion. After the grant of a performance unit or performance share, the Administrator, in its sole discretion, may reduce
or waive any performance criteria or other vesting provisions for such performance units or performance shares. Performance units shall
have an initial dollar value established by the Administrator on or prior to the grant date. Performance shares shall have an initial
value equal to the fair market value of the Company s common stock on the grant date. The Administrator, in its sole discretion,
may pay earned performance units or performance shares in the form of cash, in shares or in some combination thereof. 

Non-Employee
Directors 

The
2023 Plan provides that all non-employee directors will be eligible to receive all types of awards (except for incentive stock options)
under the 2023 Plan. The 2023 Plan includes a maximum limit of 300,000 of equity awards that may be granted to a non-employee director
in any fiscal year. Any equity awards granted to a person for their services as an employee, or for their services as a consultant (other
than as a non-employee director), will not count for purposes of the limitation. The maximum limit does not reflect the intended size
of any potential compensation or equity awards to the Company s non-employee directors. 

Non-transferability
of Awards 

Unless
the Administrator provides otherwise, the 2023 Plan generally does not allow for the transfer of awards and only the recipient of an
award may exercise an award during their lifetime. If the Administrator makes an award transferrable, such award will contain such additional
terms and conditions as the Administrator deems appropriate. 

Certain
Adjustments 

In
the event of certain changes in the Company s capitalization, to prevent diminution or enlargement of the benefits or potential
benefits available under the 2023 Plan, the Administrator will adjust the number and class of shares that may be delivered under the
2023 Plan or the number, and price of shares covered by each outstanding award and the numerical share limits set forth in the 2023 Plan. 

Dissolution
or Liquidation 

In
the event of the Company s proposed liquidation or dissolution, the Administrator will notify participants as soon as practicable
and all awards will terminate immediately prior to the consummation of such proposed transaction. 

72 

Merger
or Change in Control 

The
2023 Plan provides that in the event of the Company s merger with or into another corporation or entity or a change in control 
(as defined in the 2023 Plan), each outstanding award will be treated as the Administrator determines, including, without limitation,
that (i) awards will be assumed, or substantially equivalent awards will be substituted, by the acquiring or succeeding corporation (or
an affiliate thereof) with appropriate adjustments as to the number and kind of shares and prices; (ii) upon written notice to a participant,
that the participant s awards will terminate upon or immediately prior to the consummation of such merger or change in control;
(iii) outstanding awards will vest and become exercisable, realizable or payable, or restrictions applicable to an award will lapse,
in whole or in part, prior to or upon consummation of such merger or change in control and, to the extent the Administrator determines,
terminate upon or immediately prior to the effectiveness of such merger or change in control; (iv) (A) the termination of an award in
exchange for an amount of cash or property, if any, equal to the amount that would have been attained upon the exercise of such award
or realization of the participant s rights as of the date of the occurrence of the transaction (and, for the avoidance of doubt,
if as of the date of the occurrence of the transaction the Administrator determines in good faith that no amount would have been attained
upon the exercise of such award or realization of the participant s rights, then such award may be terminated by the Company without
payment) or (B) the replacement of such award with other rights or property selected by the Administrator in its sole discretion; or
(v) any combination of the foregoing. The Administrator will not be obligated to treat all awards, all awards a participant holds, or
all awards of the same type, similarly. In the event that awards (or portion thereof) are not assumed or substituted for in the event
of a merger or change in control, the participant will fully vest in and have the right to exercise all of their outstanding options
and stock appreciation rights, including shares as to which such awards would not otherwise be vested or exercisable, all restrictions
on restricted stock and RSUs will lapse and, with respect to awards with performance-based vesting, all performance goals or other vesting
criteria will be deemed achieved at 100 of target levels and all other terms and conditions met, in all cases, unless specifically provided
otherwise under the applicable award agreement or other written agreement between the participant and the Company or any of the Company s
subsidiaries or parents, as applicable. If an option or stock appreciation right is not assumed or substituted in the event of a merger
or change in control, the Administrator will notify the participant in writing or electronically that the option or stock appreciation
right will be exercisable for a period of time determined by the Administrator in its sole discretion and the vested option or stock
appreciation right will terminate upon the expiration of such period. 

For
awards granted to an outside director, the outside director will fully vest in and have the right to exercise all of their outstanding
options and stock appreciation rights, all restrictions on restricted stock and RSUs will lapse and, for awards with performance-based
vesting, unless specifically provided for in the award agreement, all performance goals or other vesting criteria will be deemed achieved
at 100 of target levels and all other terms and conditions met. 

Clawback 

Awards
will be subject to any Company clawback policy that the Company is required to adopt pursuant to the listing standards of any national
securities exchange or association on which the Company s securities are listed or as is otherwise required by the Dodd-Frank Wall
Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act or other applicable laws. The Administrator also may specify in an award agreement that the
participant s rights, payments or benefits with respect to an award will be subject to reduction, cancellation, forfeiture or recoupment
upon the occurrence of certain specified events. The Board may require a participant to forfeit, return or reimburse the Company all
or a portion of the award or shares issued under the award, any amounts paid under the award and any payments or proceeds paid or provided
upon disposition of the shares issued under the award in order to comply with such clawback policy or applicable laws. 

Amendment
and Termination 

The
Administrator has the authority to amend, suspend or terminate the 2023 Plan provided such action does not impair the existing rights
of any participant. The 2023 Plan automatically will terminate on April 18, 2032, unless it is terminated sooner. 

The
foregoing description of the 2023 Plan does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text
of the 2023 Plan, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.4 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item
5.07. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders. 

On
July 11, 2022, the holders of an aggregate of 65,726,585 shares of the Company s common stock and one share of Series X preferred
stock, representing approximately 57.6 of the overall voting power of the Company, approved and adopted the 2023 Plan. 

Executive
Compensation Philosophy 

Our
Board of Directors determines the compensation given to our executive officers in their sole determination. Our Board of Directors reserves
the right to pay our executives or any future executives a salary, and/or issue them shares of common stock issued in consideration for
services rendered and/or to award incentive bonuses which are linked to our performance, as well as to the individual executive officer s
performance. This package may also include long-term stock based compensation to certain executives, which is intended to align the performance
of our executives with our long-term business strategies. Additionally, while our Board of Directors has not granted any performance
base stock options to date, the Board of Directors reserves the right to grant such options in the future, if the Board in its sole determination
believes such grants would be in the best interests of the Company. 

Incentive
Bonus 

The
Board of Directors may grant incentive bonuses to our executive officers and/or future executive officers in its sole discretion, if
the Board of Directors believes such bonuses are in the Company s best interest, after analyzing our current business objectives
and growth, if any, and the amount of revenue we are able to generate each month, which revenue is a direct result of the actions and
ability of such executives. 

Long-Term,
Stock Based Compensation 

In
order to attract, retain and motivate executive talent necessary to support the Company s long-term business strategy we may award
our executives and any future executives with long-term, stock-based compensation in the future, at the sole discretion of our Board
of Directors. 

73 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The
following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of March 29, 2023 by: 

each
 person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding shares of common stock; 

each
 of our executive officers and directors that beneficially owns shares of our common stock; and 

all
 our executive officers and directors as a group. 

In
the table below, percentage ownership is based on 116,553,686 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding as of March 29, 2023.
Unless otherwise noted below, the address for each beneficial owner listed on the table is in care of Clubhouse Media Group, Inc., 3651
Lindell Road, D517, Las Vegas, Nevada 89103. We have determined beneficial ownership in accordance with the rules of the SEC. We believe,
based on the information furnished to us, that the persons and entities named in the tables below have sole voting and investment power
with respect to all shares of common stock that they beneficially own, subject to applicable community property laws. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned (1) 
 Percentage of Outstanding Common Stock 
 
 Amir Ben-Yohanan (2) 
 4,577,264,688 
 67.0 
 
 Scott Hoey 
 - 

Massimiliano Musina 
 - 
 - 
 
 Harris Tulchin (3) 
 8,879,372 
 0.1 
 
 All executive officers and directors as a group (4 persons) 
 4,586,144,060 
 67.1 

Below
 1 . 

(1) 
 Beneficial
 ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to
 securities. Pursuant to Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 of the Exchange Act, beneficial ownership includes any shares as to which a shareholder
 has sole or shared voting power or investment power, and also any shares which the shareholder has the right to acquire within 60
 days, including upon exercise of common shares purchase options or warrants. We did not deem these shares outstanding, however, for
 the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. 

(2) 
 Mr.
 Ben-Yohanan beneficially owns one share of Series X Preferred Stock which has a number of votes equal to all of the other votes entitled
 to be cast on any matter by any other shares or securities of the Company plus one, but does not have any economic or other interest
 in the Company. 

(3) 
 Pursuant
 to the Director Agreement, the Company agreed to issue Mr. Tulchin a number of shares of common stock of the Company having a fair
 market value (as defined in the Director Agreement) of 25,000 at the end of each calendar quarter that he serves as a director,
 thus far he has not been issued any shares of our common stock under the Director Agreement, and is entitled to receive 50,000 of
 shares based on the fair market value (as defined in the Director Agreement) at the end of the next calendar quarter. 

(4) 
 Pursuant
 to the terms of the Restricted Stock Agreement, the Board granted Mr. Kaplun 58,824 shares of restricted common stock on October
 7, 2021. 25 of the shares vest on each of the three-month, six-month, nine-month and 12-month anniversaries of the grant date. 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

The
following includes a summary of transactions since the beginning of the 2020 fiscal year, or any currently proposed transaction, in which
we were or are to be a participant and the amount involved exceeded or exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or 1 of the average of their total
assets at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years, and in which any related person had or will have a direct or indirect material
interest (other than compensation described under Executive Compensation ). We believe the terms obtained or consideration
that we paid or received, as applicable, in connection with the transactions described below were comparable to terms available or the
amounts that would be paid or received, as applicable, in arm s-length transactions. 

Related
Party Transactions 

As
of December 31, 2020, the Company s Chief Executive Officer had advanced 2,162,562 to the Company for payment of the Company s
operating expenses. The Company recorded 87,213 and 15,920 as imputed interest and recorded as additional paid in capital for the year
ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively from the loan advanced by the Company s Chief Executive Officer. 

On
February 2, 2021, the Company and Amir Ben-Yohanan, its Chief Executive Officer, entered into a promissory note in the total principal
amount of 2,400,000 (the Amir 2021 Note to replace the Amir 2020 note with a maturity date of February 2, 2024. The Note
memorializes a 2,400,000 loan that Mr. Ben-Yohanan previously advanced to the Company and its subsidiaries to fund their operations.
The Note bears simple interest at a rate of eight percent (8 per annum, and the Company may prepay all or any portion of the principal
amount and any accrued and unpaid interest of the Note at any time without penalty. The Note bears simple interest at a rate of eight
percent (8 per annum, and the Company may prepay all or any portion of the principal amount and any accrued and unpaid interest of
the Note at any time without penalty. 

74 

At
the time of the qualification by the SEC of the Company s Offering Circular, pursuant to Regulation A, 1,000,000 of the Indebtedness
shall, automatically and without any further action of the Company or the Holder, be converted into a number of restricted fully paid
and non-assessable shares of shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share, of the Company equal to (i) 1,000,000 divided by (ii)
the price per share of the Common Stock as offered in the Offering Circular. 

Effective
March 4, 2021, the Company entered into three (3) separate director agreements with Amir Ben-Yohanan, Christopher Young, and Simon Yu.
The Director Agreements set out terms and conditions of each of Mr. Ben-Yohanan s, Mr. Young s, and Mr. Yu s role as
a director of the Company. Mr. Young and Yu resigned from their officer and director positions with the Company on October 8, 2021. 

[ ] 

Pursuant
to the Director Agreements, the Company agreed to compensate each of the Directors as follows: 

An
 issuance of 31,821 shares of the Company s common stock, par value par value 0.001 Common Stock ), to be issued
 on the Effective Date, as compensation for services provided by each of the Directors to the Company prior to the Effective Date;
 and 

An
 issuance of a number of shares of Common Stock having a fair market value (as defined in each of the Director Agreements) of 25,000
 at the end of each calendar quarter that the Director serves as a director. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, The Company has a payable balance owed to the sellers of Magiclytics of 97,761 and
 97,761 from the acquisition of Magiclytics on February 3, 2021. 

On
October 12, 2021, the Board appointed Massimiliano Musina to serve as a member of the Company s Board of Directors. In connection
with Mr. Musina s appointment, the Company and Mr. Musina entered into an Independent Director Agreement dated October 12, 2021
(the Director Agreement ). Pursuant to the terms of the Director Agreement, the Company agreed to issue to Mr. Musina each
quarter a number of shares of common stock having a fair market value of 25,000, in exchange for Mr. Musina s service as a member
of the Company s Board of Directors. 

Policy
for Approval of Related Party Transactions 

We
have adopted a written policy relating to the approval or ratification of related party transactions. A related
party transaction is any consummated or proposed transaction or series of transactions: (i) in which the company was or is to
be a participant; (ii) the amount of which exceeds (or is reasonably expected to exceed) 120,000 in the aggregate over the duration
of the transaction (without regard to profit or loss); and (iii) in which a related party had, has or will have a direct
or indirect material interest. Related parties under this policy will include: (i) our directors, nominees for director
or executive officers; (ii) any record or beneficial owner of more than 5 of any class of our voting securities; (iii) any immediate
family member of any of the foregoing if the foregoing person is a natural person; and (iv) any other person who maybe a related
person pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act. Pursuant to the policy, the audit committee (or the full
Board of Directors, in the absence of an audit committee) will consider (i) the relevant facts and circumstances of each related party
transaction, including if the transaction is on terms comparable to those that could be obtained in arm s-length dealings with
an unrelated third party, (ii) the extent of the related party s interest in the transaction, (iii) whether the transaction contravenes
our code of ethics or other policies, (iv) whether the audit committee (or the Board of Directors, as the case may be) believes the relationship
underlying the transaction to be in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders and (v) the effect that the transaction may
have on a director s status as an independent member of the board and on his or her eligibility to serve on the board s committees.
Management will present to the audit committee (or the Board of Directors, as the case may be) each proposed related party transaction,
including all relevant facts and circumstances relating thereto. Under the policy, we may consummate related party transactions only
if our audit committee (or the Board of Directors, as the case may be) approves or ratifies the transaction in accordance with the guidelines
set forth in the policy. The policy does not permit any director or executive officer to participate in the discussion of, or decision
concerning, a related person transaction in which he or she is the related party. 

Director
Independence 

We
have one independent director (Massimiliano Musina), as such term is defined in the listing standards of The NASDAQ Stock Market, at
this time. The Company is not quoted on any exchange that requires director independence requirements. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

Fruci
 Associates II, PLLC has served as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm since September 8, 2020.
The following is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to Fruci for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit Fees 
 62,500 
 17,000 
 
 Audit Related Fees 
 1,500 

Tax Fees 

All Other Fees 

Total 
 64,000 
 17,000 

75 

Audit
Fees . Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and
services that are normally provided by our independent registered public accounting firm in connection with regulatory filings. The above
amounts include interim procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at Board meetings. 

Audit-Related
Fees. Audit-related services consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance
of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest
services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. 

Tax
Fees . Tax fees consist of fees billed for tax planning services and tax advice. The board of directors must specifically approve
all other tax services. 

All
Other Fees . Other services are services provided by the independent registered public accounting firm that do not fall within the
established audit, audit-related, and tax services categories. The board of directors preapproves specified other services that do not
fall within any of the specified prohibited categories of services. 

Pre-Approval
Policy 

We
do not yet have an audit committee and accordingly, all of the foregoing services were not pre-approved by an audit committee. However,
any services rendered were pre-approved by our board of directors. Our board of directors will pre-approve all auditing services and
permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis
exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of
the audit). 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) 
 The
 following documents are filed as part of this annual report: 

(1) 
 Financial
 Statements 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 5525) 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Deficit 
 F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-7 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-8 

(2) 
 Financial
 Statements Schedules 

All
 financial statements schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the amounts are immaterial and not required, or the
 required information is presented in the financial statements and notes thereto beginning on page F-1 of this annual report. 

76 

(3) 
 Exhibits 

We
 hereby file as part of this annual report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits which are incorporated herein
 by reference can be inspected and copied at the public reference facilities maintained by the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Room 1580,
 Washington, D.C. 20549. Copies of such material can also be obtained from the Public Reference Section of the SEC, 100 F Street,
 N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549, at prescribed rates or on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary 

Not
applicable. 

EXHIBIT
INDEX 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation of the Company. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s registration statement on Form SB-2 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 13, 2007). 

3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Company s Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 10, 2020). 

3.3 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 29, 2020). 

3.4 
 
 Form of Series X Preferred Stock Certificate of Designations filed November 12, 2020 with the Secretary of State of Nevada. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 12, 2020). 

3.5 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation filed November 2, 2020 with the Secretary of State of Nevada (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 4, 2020). 

3.6 
 
 Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on April 19, 2022. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 on the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 25, 2022). 

3.7 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation, dated June 13, 2022. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 on the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 17, 2022). 

3.8 
 
 Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of Clubhouse Media Group, Inc., dated June 23, 2022. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 on the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 29, 2022). 

3.9 
 
 Certificate of Amendment, filed on November 15, 2022. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 on the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 18, 2022). 

10.1 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated January 10, 2022 and entered into on January 13, 2022, by and between the Company and Fast Capital, LLC.(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 on the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 10, 2023). 

10.2 
 
 10 Convertible Promissory Note, dated January 10, 2022 and executed on January 13, 2022, issued by the Company to Fast Capital, LLC. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 on the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 10, 2022). 

10.3 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated January 12, 2022, by and between the Company and Sixth Street Lending LLC. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 on the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 18, 2022). 

10.4 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note, dated January 12, 2022, issued by the Company to Sixth Street Lending LLC. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 on the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 18, 2022). 

10.5 

Share Exchange Agreement dated August 11, 2020 by and between Tongji Healthcare Group, Inc., West of Hudson Group, Inc., Amir Ben-Yohanan, Chris Young, Simon Yu and Mr. Ben-Yohanan as the representative of the WOHG Shareholders. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 11, 2020). 

10.6 
 
 Custodian Discharge Order (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 12, 2020). 

10.7+ 
 
 Independent Director Agreement by and between the Company and Massimiliano Musina dated October 9, 2021). 

77 

10.8+ 
 
 Director Agreement by and between the Company and Harris Tulchin dated August 5, 2020 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 11, 2020). 

10.9+ 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of April 1, 2022 and effective April 11, 2022, between the Company and Amir Ben-Yohanan, dated April 11, 2021. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 7, 2022). 

10.10+ 
 
 Termination and Release Agreement, dated as of May 27, 2022, by and between the registrant and Dmitry Kaplun. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 27, 2022). 

10.11+ 
 
 Redemption Agreement, dated as of May 27, 2022, by and between the registrant and Dmitry Kaplun. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 27, 2022). 

10.12 
 
 Clubhouse Media Group, Inc. 2022 Equity Incentive Plan. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 19, 2022). 

10.13 
 
 Clubhouse Media Group, Inc. 2023 Equity Incentive Plan, adopted on July 11, 2022. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 14, 2022). 

10.14 
 
 Lease Agreement dated August 3, 2020 for Not a Content House Beverly Hills (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 11, 2020) . 

10.15 
 
 Lease Agreement dated September 6, 2020 for Clubhouse Europe (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 12, 2020). 

10.16 
 
 Exchange Agreement dated July 9, 2020 between the West of Hudson Group, Inc., Amir Ben-Yohanan, Chris Young and Simon Yu (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 12, 2020). 

10.17 
 
 Promissory Note issued by West of Hudson Group, Inc., as borrower, to Amir Ben-Yohanan, as Lender, dated January 2, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 12, 2020). 

10.18 
 
 Waiver Pursuant to Share Exchange Agreement dated November 11, 2020 by and between Tongji Healthcare Group, Inc., West of Hudson Group, Inc., Amir Ben-Yohanan, Chris Young, Simon Yu and Mr. Ben-Yohanan as the representative of the WOHG Shareholders. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 12, 2020). 

10.19 
 
 Amended and Restated Share Exchange Agreement dated February 3, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 8, 2021). 

10.20 
 
 Promissory Note issued by the Company to Amir Ben-Yohanan dated February 2, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 8, 2021). 

10.21 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement between the Company and Tiger Trout Capital Puerto Rico, LLC dated January 29, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 8, 2021). 

10.22 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note issued by the Company to Tiger Trout Capital Puerto Rico, LLC dated January 29, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 8, 2021). (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 2, 2022). 

10.23 
 
 Exchange Agreement, issued by the Company to Tiger Trout Capital Puerto Rico, LLC dated as of June 29, 2022. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 6, 2022). 

10.24 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to Convertible Promissory Note issued by the Company to Tiger Trout Capital Puerto Rico, LLC, dated as of June 29, 2022. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K July 6, 2022). 

10.25 
 
 Amendment No. 3 to Convertible Promissory Note issued by the Company to Tiger Trout Capital Puerto Rico, LLC, dated as of June 30, 2022. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 6, 2022). 

10.26 
 
 Debt Repayment and Release Agreement, dated December 7, 2022, by and between the registrant and Tiger Trout Capital Puerto Rico, LLC. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 13, 2022). 

78 

10.27 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement between the Company and GS Capital Partners, LLC dated January 25, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 8, 2021). 

10.28 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note issued by the Company to GS Capital Partners, LLC dated January 25, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 8, 2021). 

10.29 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement between the Company and ProActive Capital SPV I, LLC dated January 20, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 8, 2021). 

10.30 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note issued by the Company to ProActive Capital SPV I, LLC dated January 20, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 8, 2021). 

10.31 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Convertible Promissory Note issued by the Company to ProActive Capital SPV I, LLC entered into on February 8, 2022, and dated as of February 4, 2022. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 11, 2022). 

10.32 
 
 Debt Repayment and Release Agreement, dated December 15, 2022, by and between the registrant and ProActive Capital SPV I, LLC. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 20, 2022). 

10.33 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement between the Company and GS Capital Partners, LLC dated February 19, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 25, 2021). 

10.34 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note issued by the Company to GS Capital Partners, LLC dated February 19, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 25, 2021). 

10.35 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement between the Company and Labrys Fund, LP dated March 11, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 15, 2021). 

10.36 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note issued by the Company to Labrys Fund, LP dated March 11, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 15, 2021). 

10.37 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to Promissory Note, dated as of March 8, 2022, by and between the registrant and Labrys Fund, LP. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 11, 2022). 

10.38 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated February 16, 2022, issued by the Company to ONE44 Capital LLC. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 23, 2022). 

10.39 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note, dated February 16, 2022, issued by the Company to ONE44 Capital LLC. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 23, 2022). 

10.40 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated May 20, 2022, issued by the Company to ONE44 Capital LLC. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 25, 2022). 

10.41 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note, dated May 20, 2022, issued by the Company to ONE44 Capital LLC. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 25, 2022). 

10.42 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, March 3, 2022, issued by the Company to Coventry Enterprises LLC. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 9, 2022). 

10.43 
 
 10 Promissory Note, dated March 3, 2022, issued by the Company to Coventry Enterprises LLC. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 9, 2022). 

10.44 
 
 Debt Repayment and Release Agreement, dated December 20, 2022, by and between the registrant and Coventry Enterprises LLC. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 22, 2022). 

10.45 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement between Clubhouse Media Group, Inc. and 1800 Diagonal Lending, LLC, dated June 23, 2022. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 29, 2022). 

10.46 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note issued by Clubhouse Media Group, Inc. to 1800 Diagonal Lending, LLC, dated June 23, 2022. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 29, 2022). 

10.47 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, entered into on July 11, 2022 and dated as of July 8, 2022, between the registrant and 1800 Diagonal Lending, LLC. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 14, 2022). 

10.48 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note issued on July 11, 2022 and dated as of July 8, 2022, by the registrant in favor of 1800 Diagonal Lending, LLC. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 14, 2022). 

10.49 
 
 Promissory Note issued on July 12, 2022 by the registrant in favor of Amir Ben-Yohanan. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 14, 2022). 

10.50 
 
 Joint Venture Deal Memo, dated July 31, 2022, between the Company and Alden Henri Reiman. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 4, 2022). 

10.51 
 
 Operating Agreement of The Reiman Agency LLC, dated July 31, 2022. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 4, 2022). 

10.52+ 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement, dated July 31, 2022, between the Company and Alden Henri Reiman. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 4, 2022). 

10.53 
 
 Debt Exchange Agreement, dated November 17, 2022, by and between the registrant and Amir Ben-Yohanan. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 22, 2022). 

(Include
 updated POA and certifications here 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed
 herewith. 

Furnished
 herewith. 
 
 + 
 Management
 contract, compensation plan or arrangement. 

79 

CLUBHOUSE
MEDIA GROUP, INC. 

 Index
to Financial Statements 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 and the period from January 2, 2020 (inception) to December 31, 2020 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated Statement of Stockholders Equity for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 and the period from January 2, 2020 (inception) to December 31, 2020 
 F-6 
 
 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 and the period from January 2, 2020 (inception) to December 31, 2020 
 F-7 
 
 Notes to Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-8 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Clubhouse Media Group, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Clubhouse Media Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, statements of stockholders equity (deficit),
and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to
as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position
of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year
period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going
Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
3 to the financial statements, the Company has stockholder s deficit, net losses, and negative working capital. These factors raise
substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters
are also described in Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

F- 2 

Revenue
recognition and completeness Refer to Note 2 to the financial statements 

Critical
Audit Matter Description 

The
Company has revenue generating activities, from an increasing number of sources, that is dependent on third-party influencers creating
and publishing agreed upon media subject to varying timelines not always directly under the Company s direct control. The nature
of the Company s contracts with customers require consideration of whether the Company acts as either the principal or agent in
the contracts, which includes subjective analysis of the level of control the Company maintains related to the contracts. 

How
the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 

Our
audit procedures related to evaluating the Company s revenue and revenue recognition policy and related accounts included the following,
among others: 

Independent
 assessment of whether the Company s conclusion that it maintains control in its revenue generating contracts is reasonable,
 and as such, gross presentation of revenue is appropriate. 

Performed
 analytical procedures of revenue and cash receipt activities surrounding year end to determine any unusual fluctuations that required
 further inquiry or substantiation. 

Testing
 of a sample of revenue transactions during year, including transactions near year end, to determine the agreed-upon media was completed
 and released, and recorded in the appropriate period. 

We
 have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. 

March
 30, 2023 

F- 3 

Clubhouse
Media Group, Inc. 

 Consolidated
Balance Sheets 

As of December 31, 
 As of December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net 

Prepaid expense 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Intangibles 

Total assets 

Liabilities and stockholders equity (deficit) 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Deferred revenue 

Convertible notes payable, net 

Shares to be issued 

Notes payable - related party 

Derivative liability 

Total current liabilities 

Convertible notes payable, net - related party 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 

Stockholders equity (deficit): 

Preferred stock, par value , authorized shares; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

Common stock, par value 
 authorized 
 shares; 
 and 
 shares issued and outstanding at December 31,
2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Clubhouse Media stockholders equity (deficit) 

Non-controlling interest 

Total stockholders deficit 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity (deficit) 

See
Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

F- 4 

Clubhouse
Media Group, Inc. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Operations 

For the Year Ended 
 December 31 , 2022 
 For the Year Ended 
 December 31 , 2021 

Total revenue, net 

Cost of sales 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

Advertising expenses 

Selling, general, and administrative 

Salaries wages 

Professional and consultant fees 

Production expenses 

Rent expense 

Total operating expenses 

Operating loss 

Other (income) expenses: 

Interest expense, net 

Amortization of debt discounts, net 

Interest expense - excess derivatives 
 
 - 
 
 Loss in extinguishment of debt 
 
 - 
 
 Loss in extinguishment of debt - related party 

Gain in debt settlement 
 
 - 
 
 Other (income) expense, net 

Change in fair value of derivative liability 

Total other (income) expenses 

Loss before income taxes 

Income tax (benefit) expense 
 - 
 - 

Net loss 

Net income (loss) attributable: 

Non-controlling interest 
 
 - 

Net loss 

- 
 
 Non-controlling interest 
 
 - 
 
 Controlling interest - Clubhouse Media Group, Inc. stockholder 
 
 - 

Basic weighted average shares outstanding 

Diluted weighted average shares outstanding 

Basic - net loss per share 

Diluted - net loss per share 

See
Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

F- 5 

Clubhouse
Media Group, Inc. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Stockholder s Equity (Deficit) 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 Interest 
 Equity 

Common Stock 
 Preferred Shares 
 Additional 
 Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Total 
 Clubhouse 
 Media 
 Stockholders 
 Non- 
 controlling 
 Total 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 Interest 
 Equity 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2020 

- 

- 

Shares issued for cash 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Acquisition of Magiclytics 

- 
 - 

- 

Stock compensation expense 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Conversion of convertible debt 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Shares issued to settle accounts payable 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Imputed interest 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Warrants issued with convertible debt 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Warrants issued for stock compensation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Reclass of derivative liability on conversion 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Shares issued as debt issuance costs for convertible notes payable 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Beneficial conversion features 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

- 

- 

Stock compensation expense 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Shares issued for cash 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Shares issued for cash - ELOC 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Shares to be issued - liability reclass to equity 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Reclass of derivative liability on conversion 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Shares issued in conjunction with convertible debt 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Conversion of convertible debt 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Imputed interest 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

- 

See
Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

F- 6 

Clubhouse
Media Group, Inc. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flow 

For the year ended 
 December 31, 
 For the year ended 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net (loss) income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Imputed interest 

Interest expense - amortization of debt discounts 

Additional non-cash interest expense due to debt restructuring 

Stock compensation expense 

Loss in extinguishment of debt - related party 

Change in fair value of derivative liability 

Gain or loss in debt settlement 

Loss in extinguishment of debt 

Accretion expense - excess derivative liability 

Net changes in operating assets liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Other receivable 

Prepaid expense, deposits and other current assets 

Other assets 

Accounts payable, accrued liabilities, due to affiliates, and other long-term liabilities 

Other payable 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchases of property, plant, and equipment 

Purchases of intangible assets 

Cash received from acquisition of Magiclytics 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Shares issued for cash 

Borrowing from related party note payable 

Repayment to related party convertible note payable 

Borrowings from convertible notes payable 

Repayment to convertible notes payable 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information 

Cash paid during the period for: 

Interest 
 - 
 - 
 
 Income taxes 
 - 
 - 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing Activities: 

Warrants issued in connection with debt 
 - 

Shares issued for conversion from convertible note payable 

Shares issued to settle accounts payable 
 - 

Reclass of derivative liability to additional paid in capital 

See
Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

F- 7 

Clubhouse
Media Group, Inc. 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 and 2021 

of the equity in NTH pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger, pursuant to which NTH
became a wholly owned subsidiary of Tongji, Inc. Pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, the Company issued shares of
common stock to the stockholders of NTH in exchange for 100 of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of NTH . The acquisition
of NTH was accounted for as a reverse acquisition under the purchase method of accounting since the stockholders of NTH obtained control
of the entity. Accordingly, the reorganization of the two companies was recorded as a recapitalization of NTH, with NTH being treated
as the continuing operating entity. The Company, through NTH, thereafter operated the hospital until the Company eventually sold NTH,
as described below. 

Effective
December 31, 2017, under the terms of a Bill of Sale, the Company agreed to sell, transfer convey and assign forever all of its rights,
title and interest in its equity ownership interest in NTH to Placer Petroleum Co., LLC. Pursuant to the Bill of Sale, consideration
for this sale, transfer conveyance and assignment is Placer Petroleum Co., LLC assuming all assets and liabilities of NTH as of December
31, 2017. Thereafter, the Company had minimal operations. 

On
May 20, 2019, pursuant to Case Number A-19-793075-P, Nevada s 8th Judicial District, Business Court entered an Order Granting Application
of Joseph Arcaro as Custodian of Tongji Healthcare Group, Inc. pursuant to Nevada Revised Statutes NRS 78.347(1)(b),
pursuant to which Mr. Arcaro was appointed custodian of the Company and given authority to reinstate the Company with the State of Nevada
under NRS 78.347. 

On
May 23, 2019, Mr. Arcaro filed a Certificate of Reinstatement of the Company with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada. In addition,
on May 23, 2019, Mr. Arcaro filed an Annual List of the Company with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada, designating himself
as President, Secretary, Treasurer and Director of the Company for the filing period of 2017 to 2019. 

On
May 29, 2020, Mr. Arcaro, through his ownership of Algonquin Partners Inc. Algonquin ), owner of the Company s
common stock, entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement by and among West of Hudson Group, Inc. WOHG ), the Company, Algonquin,
and Mr. Arcaro. The Stock Purchase Agreement, as subsequently amended, is referred to herein as the SPA. Pursuant to the
terms of the SPA, WOHG agreed to purchase, and Algonquin agreed to sell, shares of the Company s common stock in exchange
for payment by WOHG to Algonquin of (the Stock Purchase ). The Stock Purchase closed on June 18, 2020, resulting
in a change of control of the Company. Mr. Arcaro resigned from any and all officer and director positions with the Company. 

On
July 7, 2020, the Company increased the authorized capital stock of the Company to , comprised of shares of common
stock, par value , and shares of preferred stock, par value . 

The
Company filed a Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada on June
13, 2022 for the purpose of amending the Articles of Incorporation of the Company to reduce the par value of the common stock of the
Company, par value per share, from to . 

West
of Hudson Group, Inc. WOHG was incorporated in the State of Delaware on May 19, 2020 and owned of WOH Brands, LLC WOH ), Oopsie Daisy Swimwear, LLC Oopsie ), Clubhouse Studios LLC Studios ), DAK Brands, LLC DAK ), and of The Reiman Agency LLC (the Agency ), which were incorporated
in the State of Delaware on May 13, 2020. 

Doiyen
LLC Doiyen ), formerly known as WHP Entertainment LLC was incorporated in the State of California on January 2, 2020 and
renamed to Doiyen LLC in July 7, 2020 and Doiyen is owned by WOHG. 

The
Company is an entertainment company engaged in the sale of own brand products and promotion for other
companies on their social media accounts. 

On
November 12, 2020, the Company and WOHG entered into the Merger Agreement, and WOHG thereafter became a wholly owned subsidiary of the
Company. WOHG was determined to be the accounting acquirer in the Merger based upon the terms of other factors, including: (1) the security
holders owned approximately of the Company s issued and outstanding common stock as of immediately after the closing of
the Merger. Following the completion of the Merger, the Company changed its name from Tongji Healthcare Group, Inc. to Clubhouse Media
Group, Inc. The Merger was accounted for as a reverse-merger and recapitalization in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America GAAP ). WOHG was the acquirer for financial reporting purposes and Clubhouse Media
Group, Inc. was the acquired company. Consequently, the assets and liabilities and the operations that are reflected in the historical
financial statements prior to the Merger will be those of WOHG and will be recorded at the historical cost basis of WOHG. The consolidated
financial statements after completion of the Merger include the assets and liabilities of the Company and WOHG, historical operations
of WOHG and operations of the Company from the closing date of the Merger. Common stock and the corresponding capital amounts of the
Company pre-merger have been retroactively restated as capital stock shares reflecting the exchange ratio in the Merger. This was a common
control transactions so all amounts were based on historical cost and no goodwill was recorded. 

Since
September 2021, the Company launched its own subscription-based site HoneyDrip.com, which provides a digital space for creators to share
unique content with their subscribers. 

The
Company has terminated all leases since December 31, 2021 and focuses on brand deals and Honeydrip platform. 

and for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

for bad debt allowance for accounts receivable. 

years 

and , respectively. 

and , respectively, related to internal use software and recorded and in
related amortization expense, respectively. Unamortized costs of capitalized internal use software totaled and as of
December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

and of goodwill for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

and potential shares issuable upon conversion
of convertible notes payable As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were approximately and potential shares issuable
upon conversion of warrants. 

Denominator: 

Weighted average common shares outstanding basic 

Dilutive common stock equivalents 
 - 
 - 
 
 Weighted average common shares outstanding diluted 

Net loss per share: 

Basic 

Diluted 

- 
 - 

Total 
 
 - 
 - 

Fair Value 
 As of 
 Fair Value Measurements at 
 
 Description 
 December 31, 
 2021 
 December 31, 2021 
 Using Fair Value Hierarchy 

Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 
 Derivative liability 
 
 - 
 - 

Total 
 
 - 
 - 

On
October 1, 2020, we early adopted ASU No. 2019-12, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes (ASU 2019-12),
which simplifies the accounting for income taxes. This guidance was effective beginning January 1, 2021, with early adoption permitted.
The adoption of this new standard did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 

In
August 2020, the FASB issued ASU No. 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and
Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s
Own Equity (ASU 2020-06), which simplifies the accounting for convertible instruments by reducing the number of accounting models available
for convertible debt instruments. This guidance also eliminates the treasury stock method to calculate diluted earnings per share for
convertible instruments and requires the use of the if-converted method. This guidance will be effective for us in the first quarter
of 2022 on a full or modified retrospective basis, with early adoption permitted. The adoption of this new standard did not have a material
impact on our consolidated financial statements. 

for the year ended December 31, 2022, negative
working capital of as of December 31, 2022, and stockholder s deficit of . These factors among others raise
substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

While
the Company is attempting to generate additional revenues, the Company s cash position may not be significant enough to support
the Company s daily operations. Management intends to raise additional funds by way of a public or private offering. Management
believes that the actions presently being taken to further implement its business plan and generate revenues provide the opportunity
for the Company to continue as a going concern. While the Company believes in the viability of its strategy to generate revenues and
in its ability to raise additional funds, there can be no assurances to that effect. The ability of the Company to continue as a going
concern is dependent upon the Company s ability to further implement its business plan and generate revenues. 

The
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. 

shares of Company common stock to the Magiclytics Shareholders in exchange
for all Magiclytics Shares (the Magiclytics Closing ). On February 3, 2021, pursuant to the closing of the Share Exchange
Agreement, we acquired Magiclytics, and Magiclytics thereafter became our wholly owned subsidiary. 

At
the Magiclytics Closing, we agreed to issue to Christian Young and Wilfred Man each shares of Company Common Stock, representing
 each, or in total of the Company common stock which we agreed to issue to the Magiclytics Shareholders at the Magiclytics Closing. 

The
number of shares of the Company common stock issued at the Magiclytics Closing was based on the fair market value of the Company common
stock as initially agreed to by the parties, which is per share (the Base Value ). The fair market value was determined
based on the volume weighted average closing price of the Company common stock for the twenty (20) trading day period immediately prior
to the Magiclytics,. In the event that the initial public offering price per share of the Company common stock in this Offering pursuant
to Regulation A is less than the Base Value, then within three (3) business days of the qualification by the SEC of the Offering Statement
forming part of this offering circular, the Company will issue to the Magiclytics Shareholders a number of additional shares of Company
common stock equal to: 

(1) 
 
 divided by the initial public offering price per share of the Company common stock in this Offering pursuant to Regulation A, minus; 

(2) 

The
resulting number of shares of the Company common stock pursuant to the above calculation will be referred to as the Additional
Shares , and such Additional Shares will also be issued to the Magiclytics Shareholders pro rata based on their respective ownership
of Magiclytics Shares. The Company issued additional shares in November 2021 based on the offering price of in the Regulation
A offering. 

(iv) 
 Upon
 the first to occur of (i) Magiclytics actually receiving an additional in gross revenue following the Tranche 3 Satisfaction
 Date; and (ii) Magiclytics having conducted an additional 1,250 Campaigns (subject to certain conditions) following the Tranche 3
 Satisfaction Date, the Company will issue to Mr. Young a number of shares of Company Common Stock equal to (i) , divided
 by (ii) the VWAP as of the date that the earlier of clause (i) and clause (ii) above have occurred (the Tranche 4 Satisfaction
 Date ). 

Following
the Tranche 4 Satisfaction Date, at the end of each 12 month period following such date while the Consulting Agreement is still in effect,
the Company will issue to Mr. Young a number of shares of Company Common Stock equal to (i) of the Net Income (as defined below)
of Magiclytics during such 12 month period divided by (ii) the VWAP as of the last date of such 12 month period. (For purposes of the
Consulting Agreement, Net Income means the net income of Magiclytics for the applicable period, as determined in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States, consistently applied, as determined by the Company s accountants). 

Immediately
prior to closing of the Agreement, Chris Young is the President and Director of the Company, and was the Chief Executive Officer, a Director,
and a principal shareholder of 45 of outstanding capital stock of Magiclytics at the time of the share exchange. As a result of the
common ownership upon closing of the transaction, the acquisition was considered a common-control transaction and was outside the scope
of the business combination guidance in ASC 805-10. The entities are deemed to be under common control as of February 27, 2018, which
was the date that the majority shareholder acquired control of the Company and, therefore, held control over both companies. The Company
recorded the consideration issued to purchase Magiclytics based on the carrying value of the net assets received and related
party payables assumed per the acquisition agreement as of February 3, 2021 of ). The financial statements as of December 31,
2021 were adjusted as if the acquisition happened at the beginning of the year as of January 1, 2021. 

Acquisition
Consideration 

Total purchase price 

Purchase
Price Allocation 

Intangibles 

Related party payable 

AP and accrued liabilities 

Identifiable net assets acquired 

Total purchase price 

years 
 
 Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Property, plant, and equipment, net 

Depreciation
expense were and for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

and from and after the acquisition of Magiclytics
in February 2021. It is a platform that internally developed for revenue prediction from influencer collaboration and our digital platform
Honeydrip.com. 

Developed technology - Magiclytics 
 - 
 
 - 

- 

Amortization
expense were and for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Accrued payroll 

Accrued interest 

Other 

Accounts payable and
 accrued liabilities 

for a purchase price of Hoey
Note ). 

The
Hoey Note had a maturity date of and bore interest at per year. No payments of the principal amount or interest
are due prior to the maturity date other than as specifically set forth in the Hoey Note, and the Company may prepay all or any portion
of the principal amount and any accrued and unpaid interest at any time without penalty. Mr. Hoey had the right, until the Indebtedness
is paid in full, to convert all, but only all, of the then-outstanding Indebtedness into shares of Company common stock at a conversion
price of of the volume weighted average of the closing price VWAP during the -trading day period immediately prior
to the option conversion date, subject to customary adjustments for stock splits, etc. occurring after the issuance date. 

On
December 8, 2020, the Company issued to Mr. Hoey shares of Company common stock upon the conversion of the convertible
promissory note issued to Mr. Hoey at a conversion price of per share. 

Since
the conversion price is based on of the VWAP during the -trading day period immediately prior to the option conversion date, the
Company has determined that the conversion feature is considered a derivative liability for the Company, which is detailed in Note 10. 

The
balance of the Hoey Note as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

Convertible
Promissory Note Cary Niu 

On
September 18, 2020, the Company entered into a note purchase agreement with Cary Niu, pursuant to which, on same date, the Company issued
a convertible promissory note to Ms. Niu the aggregate principal amount of for a purchase price of Niu Note ). 

The
Niu Note has a maturity date of and bears interest at per year. No payments of the principal amount or interest
are due prior to the maturity date other than as specifically set forth in the Niu Note, and the Company may prepay all or any portion
of the principal amount and any accrued and unpaid interest at any time without penalty. Ms. Niu will have the right, until the Indebtedness
is paid in full, to convert all, but only all, of the then-outstanding Indebtedness into shares of Company common stock at a conversion
price of of the volume weighted average of the closing price during the 20-trading day period immediately prior to the option conversion
date, subject to customary adjustments for stock splits, etc. occurring after the issuance date. 

Since
the conversion price is based on of the VWAP during the -trading day period immediately prior to the option conversion date, the
Company has determined that the conversion feature is considered a derivative liability for the Company, which is detailed in Note 10. 

The
balance of the Niu Note as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

Convertible
Promissory Note Jesus Galen 

On
October 6, 2020, the Company entered into a note purchase agreement with Jesus Galen, pursuant to which, on same date, the Company issued
a convertible promissory note to Mr. Galen the aggregate principal amount of for a purchase price of Galen Note ). 

The
Galen Note has a maturity date of and bears interest at per year. No payments of the principal amount or interest
are due prior to the maturity date other than as specifically set forth in the Galen Note, and the Company may prepay all or any portion
of the principal amount and any accrued and unpaid interest at any time without penalty. Mr. Galen will have the right, until the Indebtedness
is paid in full, to convert all, but only all, of the then-outstanding Indebtedness into shares of Company common stock at a conversion
price of of the volume weighted average of the closing price during the -trading day period immediately prior to the option conversion
date, subject to customary adjustments for stock splits, etc. occurring after the issuance date. 

Since
the conversion price is based on of the VWAP during the -trading day period immediately prior to the option conversion date, the
Company has determined that the conversion feature is considered a derivative liability for the Company, which is detailed in Note 10. 

The
balance of the Galen Note as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

Convertible
Promissory Note Darren Huynh 

On
October 6, 2020, the Company entered into a note purchase agreement with Darren Huynh, pursuant to which, on same date, the Company issued
a convertible promissory note to Mr. Huynh the aggregate principal amount of for a purchase price of Huynh Note ). 

The
Huynh Note has a maturity date of October 6, 2022, and bears interest at per year. No payments of the principal amount or interest
are due prior to the maturity date other than as specifically set forth in the Huynh Note, and the Company may prepay all or any portion
of the principal amount and any accrued and unpaid interest at any time without penalty. Mr. Huynh will have the right, until the Indebtedness
is paid in full, to convert all, but only all, of the then-outstanding Indebtedness into shares of Company common stock at a conversion
price of of the volume weighted average of the closing price during the -trading day period immediately prior to the option conversion
date, subject to customary adjustments for stock splits, etc. occurring after the issuance date. 

Since
the conversion price is based on of the VWAP during the -trading day period immediately prior to the option conversion date, the
Company has determined that the conversion feature is considered a derivative liability for the Company, which is detailed in Note 10. 

On
December 20, 2021, the Company received conversion notice to issue to Mr. Huyng shares of Company common stock upon the conversion
of the principal of his convertible promissory note and accrued interest at a conversion price of per share. The
shares have not been issued as of December 31, 2021 and subsequently issued in January 2022. 

The
balance of the Huynh Note as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

Convertible
Promissory Note Wayne Wong 

On
October 6, 2020, the Company entered into a note purchase agreement with Wayne Wong, pursuant to which, on same date, the Company issued
a convertible promissory note to Mr. Wong the aggregate principal amount of for a purchase price of Wong Note ). 

The
Wong Note has a maturity date of , and bears interest at per year. No payments of the principal amount or interest
are due prior to the maturity date other than as specifically set forth in the Wong Note, and the Company may prepay all or any portion
of the principal amount and any accrued and unpaid interest at any time without penalty. Mr. Wong will have the right, until the Indebtedness
is paid in full, to convert all, but only all, of the then-outstanding Indebtedness into shares of Company common stock at a conversion
price of of the volume weighted average of the closing price during the -trading day period immediately prior to the option conversion
date, subject to customary adjustments for stock splits, etc. occurring after the issuance date. 

Since
the conversion price is based on of the VWAP during the -trading day period immediately prior to the option conversion date, the
Company has determined that the conversion feature is considered a derivative liability for the Company, which is detailed in Note 10. 

On
November 8, 2021, the Company issued to Mr. Wong shares of Company common stock upon the conversion of the principal of
his convertible promissory note and accrued interest at a conversion price of per share . 

The
balance of the Wong Note as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

Convertible
Promissory Note Matthew Singer 

On
January 3, 2021, the Company entered into a note purchase agreement with Matthew Singer, pursuant to which, on same date, the Company
issued a convertible promissory note to Mr. Singer the aggregate principal amount of for a purchase price of Singer
Note ). 

The
Singer Note had a maturity date of , and bore interest at per year. No payments of the principal amount or interest
are due prior to the maturity date other than as specifically set forth in the Singer Note, and the Company may prepay all or any portion
of the principal amount and any accrued and unpaid interest at any time without penalty. Mr. Singer had the right, until the Indebtedness
is paid in full, to convert all, but only all, of the then-outstanding Indebtedness into shares of Company common stock at a conversion
price of of the volume weighted average of the closing price during the -trading day period immediately prior to the option conversion
date, subject to customary adjustments for stock splits, etc. occurring after the issuance date. 

Since
the conversion price is based on of the VWAP during the -trading day period immediately prior to the option conversion date, the
Company has determined that the conversion feature is considered a derivative liability for the Company, which is detailed in Note 10. 

On
January 26, 2021, the Company issued to Matthew Singer shares of Company common stock upon the conversion of the convertible promissory
note issued to Mr. Singer in the principal amount of on January 3, 2021 at a conversion price of per share. 

The
balance of the Singer Note as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

Convertible
Promissory Note ProActive Capital SPV I, LLC 

On
January 20, 2021, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the ProActive Capital SPA with ProActive Capital
SPV I, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company ProActive Capital ), pursuant to which, on same date, the Company (i)
issued a convertible promissory note to ProActive Capital the aggregate principal amount of for a purchase price of ,
reflecting a original issue discount (the ProActive Capital Note ), and in connection therewith, sold to ProActive
Capital shares of Company Common Stock at a purchase price of per share. In addition, at the closing of this sale, the
Company reimbursed ProActive Capital the sum of for ProActive Capital s costs in completing the transaction, which amount
ProActive Capital withheld from the total purchase price paid to the Company. 

The
ProActive Capital Note has a maturity date of and bears interest at per year. No payments of the principal amount
or interest are due prior to the maturity date other than as specifically set forth in the ProActive Capital Note, and the Company may
prepay all or any portion of the principal amount and any accrued and unpaid interest at any time without penalty. The Company extended
the maturity date to September 20, 2022. 

The
 original issue discounts, the fair value of shares issued, and the beneficial conversion features were recorded as debt
discounts and amortized over the term of the note. Therefore, the total debt discounts at the inception date of this convertible promissory
note were . 

On
December 15, 2022, the Company entered into a Debt Repayment and Release Agreement by and between the Company and ProActive Capital.
Pursuant to the terms of the Agreement, the Company agreed to pay to ProActive Capital as full and complete payment of certain
debt owed by the Company to ProActive Capital pursuant to a convertible promissory note, dated as of January 20, 2021, as amended (the
 Note ), in the principal sum of , plus accrued interest in the approximate amount of . On December 15, 2022,
pursuant to the terms of the Agreement, the Company paid ProActive Captial , the Debt was settled and the Note was terminated. 

The
balance of the ProActive Capital Note as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

Convertible
Promissory Note GS Capital Partners #1 

On
January 25, 2021, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the GS Capital #1 with GS Capital Partners,
LLC GS Capital ), pursuant to which, on same date, the Company (i) issued a convertible promissory note to GS Capital the
aggregate principal amount of for a purchase price of , reflecting a original issue discount (the GS
Capital Note ), and in connection therewith, sold to GS Capital shares of Company Common Stock at a purchase price of 
per share. In addition, at the closing of this sale, the Company reimbursed GS Capital the sum of for GS Capital s costs
in completing the transaction, which amount GS Capital withheld from the total purchase price paid to the Company. 

The
GS Capital Note has a maturity date of , and bears interest at per year. No payments of the principal amount or interest
are due prior to the maturity date other than as specifically set forth in the GS Capital Note, and the Company may prepay all or any
portion of the principal amount and any accrued and unpaid interest at any time without penalty. 

. 

The
 original issue discounts, the fair value of shares issued, and the beneficial conversion features were recorded as debt
discounts and amortized over the term of the note. Therefore, the total debt discounts at the inception date of this convertible promissory
note were . 

The
entire principal balance and interest were converted into common shares in the quarter ended June 30, 2021. 

The
balance of the GS Capital #1 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. The Company signed the restructuring agreement
below to return the shares for the new GS note #1, as if the initial conversion had not occurred. 

Convertible
Promissory Note New GS Note #1 

On
November 26, 2021, the Company entered into an Amendment and Restructuring Agreement (the Restructuring Agreement with
GS Capital Partners, LLC to replacement GS Capital #1 as disclosed above. GS
Capital sold to the Company, and the Company redeemed from GS Capital, the Converted Shares, and in exchange therefor, the Company
issued to GS Capital a new convertible promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of (the New GS Note #1 ). 

The
New GS Note #1 has a maturity date of and bears interest at per year. No payments of the principal amount or interest
are due prior to the Maturity Date, other than as specifically set forth in the Note, and there is no prepayment penalty. 

. 

The
New GS Note #1 contains customary events of default, including, but not limited to, failure to pay principal or interest on the New Note
when due. If an event of default occurs and continues uncured, GS Capital may declare all or any portion of the then outstanding principal
amount of the New Note, together with all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, due and payable, and the New Note will thereupon become
immediately due and payable. 

The
entire principal balance and interest were converted into common shares in the quarter ended June 30, 2022. The balance of the
New GS Note #1 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

Convertible
Promissory Note GS Capital Partners #2 

On
February 19, 2021, the Company entered into another securities purchase agreement with GS Capital (the GS Capital #2 ),
pursuant to which, on same date, the Company issued a convertible promissory note (the GS Capital #2 Note to GS Capital
the aggregate principal amount of for a purchase price of , reflecting a original issue discount, and in connection
therewith, sold to GS Capital shares of Company s common stock, par value per share at a purchase price of ,
representing a per share price of per share. In addition, at the closing of this sale, the Company reimbursed GS Capital the sum
of for GS Capital s costs in completing the transaction, which amount GS Capital withheld from the total purchase price
paid to the Company. 

The
GS Capital #2 Note has a maturity date of and bears interest at per year. No payments of the principal amount or
interest are due prior to the maturity date other than as specifically set forth in the GS Capital #2 Note, and the Company may prepay
all or any portion of the principal amount and any accrued and unpaid interest at any time without penalty. 

. 

The
 original issue discounts, the fair value of shares issued, and the beneficial conversion features were recorded as debt
discounts and amortized over the term of the note. Therefore, the total debt discounts at the inception date of this convertible promissory
note were . 

GS
Capital converted and accrued interest in the quarter ended June 30, 2021.The balance of the GS Capital #2 Note as of
December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

Convertible
Promissory Note New GS Note #2 

On
November 26, 2021, the Company entered into an Amendment and Restructuring Agreement (the Restructuring Agreement with
GS Capital Partners, LLC to cancel the conversion exercised in the quarter ended June 30, 2021. 

On
June 29, 2022, the Company entered into an Exchange Agreement (the Exchange Note with GS Capital. The Exchange
Note amended and restated in its entirety the previous Note Purchase Agreement between the same parties. 

The
Exchange Note replaces the Note Purchase Agreement in its entirety, which was a promissory note carrying an outstanding amount of .
The Exchange Note is thus a new note in the amount of , with a conversion price equal to of the closing per share trading
price of the Company s shares of common stock, par value per share Common Stock on the last trading day
prior to the delivery of the notice of conversion, as reported on the National Quotations Bureau OTC Market exchange which the Company s
shares are traded. 

The
change in conversion features were recorded as loss on debt extinguishment of and recognition of derivative liability of 
as of September 30, 2022. 

GS
Capital converted of the principal amount and accrued interest to common shares in the quarter ended September
30, 2022. The balance of the GS Capital #2 Note as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 
and , respectively. The Company is currently in default of the New GS Note #2. 

Convertible
Promissory Note GS Capital Partners #3 

On
March 16, 2021, the Company entered into another securities purchase agreement with GS Capital (the GS Capital #3 ), pursuant
to which, on same date, the Company issued a convertible promissory note (the GS Capital #3 Note to GS Capital the aggregate
principal amount of for a purchase price of , reflecting a original issue discount, and in connection therewith,
sold to GS Capital shares of Company s common stock, par value per share at a purchase price of , representing
a per share price of per share. In addition, at the closing of this sale, the Company reimbursed GS Capital the sum of 
for GS Capital s costs in completing the transaction, which amount GS Capital withheld from the total purchase price paid to the
Company. 

The
GS Capital #3 Note has a maturity date of and bears interest at per year. No payments of the principal amount or interest
are due prior to the maturity date other than as specifically set forth in the GS Capital #3 Note, and the Company may prepay all or
any portion of the principal amount and any accrued and unpaid interest at any time without penalty. 

. 

The
 original issue discounts, the fair value of shares issued, and the beneficial conversion features were recorded as debt
discounts and amortized over the term of the note. Therefore, the total debt discounts at the inception date of this convertible promissory
note were . 

On
November 26, 2021, the Company entered into an Amendment and Restructuring Agreement (the Restructuring Agreement with
GS Capital Partners, LLC to extend the maturity to September 22, 2022. 

The
balance of the GS Capital #3 Note as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. The Company is currently
in default of the GS Capital #3 Note. 

Convertible
Promissory Note GS Capital Partners #4 

On
April 1, 2021, the Company entered into another securities purchase agreement with GS Capital (the GS Capital #4 ), pursuant
to which, on same date, the Company issued a convertible promissory note to GS Capital the aggregate principal amount of for
a purchase price of , reflecting a original issue discount, and in connection therewith, sold to GS Capital shares
of Company s common stock, par value per share at a purchase price of , representing a per share price of per
share. In addition, at the closing of this sale, the Company reimbursed GS Capital the sum of for GS Capital s costs in
completing the transaction, which amount GS Capital withheld from the total purchase price paid to the Company. 

The
GS Capital Note #4 has a maturity date of and bears interest at per year. No payments of the principal amount or interest
are due prior to the maturity date other than as specifically set forth in the GS Capital Note #4, and the Company may prepay all or
any portion of the principal amount and any accrued and unpaid interest at any time without penalty. 

. 

The
 original issue discounts, the fair value of shares issued, and the beneficial conversion features were recorded as debt
discounts and amortized over the term of the note. Therefore, the total debt discount at the inception date of this convertible promissory
note were recorded at . 

On
November 26, 2021, the Company entered into an Amendment and Restructuring Agreement (the Restructuring Agreement with
GS Capital Partners, LLC to extend the maturity to October 1, 2022. 

The
balance of the GS Capital Note #4 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were and , respectively. The Company is currently
in default of the GS Capital #4 Note. 

Convertible
Promissory Note GS Capital Partners #5 

On
April 29, 2021, Clubhouse Media Group, Inc. (the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Securities
Purchase Agreement with GS Capital, pursuant to which, on same date, the Company issued a convertible promissory note to GS Capital
in the aggregate principal amount of for a purchase price of , reflecting a original issue discount (the GS
Capital Note #5 and, in connection therewith, sold to GS Capital shares of the Company s common stock, par value
 per share, at a purchase price of , representing a per share price of per share. In addition, at the closing of this
sale, the Company reimbursed GS Capital the sum of for GS Capital s costs in completing the transaction, which amount GS
Capital withheld from the total purchase price paid to the Company. 

The
April 2021 GS Capital Note #5 has a maturity date of and bears interest at per year. No payments of the principal
amount or interest are due prior to the maturity date other than as specifically set forth in the GS Capital Note #5, and the Company
may prepay all or any portion of the principal amount and any accrued and unpaid interest at any time without penalty. 

. 

The
 original issue discounts, the fair value of shares issued, and the beneficial conversion features were recorded as debt
discounts and amortized over the term of the note. Therefore, the total debt discount at the inception date of this convertible promissory
note were recorded at . 

On
November 26, 2021, the Company entered into an Amendment and Restructuring Agreement (the Restructuring Agreement with
GS Capital Partners, LLC to extend the maturity to October 29, 2022. 

The
balance of the GS Capital Note #5 as December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. The Company is currently in
default of the GS Capital #5 Note. 

Convertible
Promissory Note GS Capital Partners #6 

On
June 3, 2021, Clubhouse Media Group, Inc. (the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Securities
Purchase Agreement with GS Capital, pursuant to which, on same date, the Company issued a convertible promissory note to GS Capital
in the aggregate principal amount of for a purchase price of , reflecting a original issue discount (the GS
Capital Note #6 and, in connection therewith, sold to GS Capital shares of the Company s Common Stock at a purchase
price of , representing a per share price of 0.001 per share. In addition, at the closing of this sale, the Company reimbursed GS
Capital the sum of for GS Capital s costs in completing the transaction, which amount GS Capital withheld from the total
purchase price paid to the Company. 

The
GS Capital Note #6 has a maturity date of and bears interest at per year. No payments of the principal amount or interest
are due prior to the maturity date other than as specifically set forth in the GS Capital Note #6, and the Company may prepay all or
any portion of the principal amount and any accrued and unpaid interest at any time without penalty. 

. 

The
 original issue discounts, the fair value of shares issued, and the beneficial conversion features were recorded as debt
discounts and amortized over the term of the note. Therefore, the total debt discount at the inception date of this convertible promissory
note were recorded at . 

On
November 26, 2021, the Company entered into an Amendment and Restructuring Agreement (the Restructuring Agreement with
GS Capital Partners, LLC to extend the maturity to December 3, 2022. 

The
balance of the GS Capital Note #6 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. The Company is currently
in default of the GS Capital #6 Note. 

Convertible
Promissory Note Tiger Trout Capital Puerto Rico 

On
January 29, 2021, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Tiger Trout SPA with Tiger Trout Capital
Puerto Rico, LLC, a Puerto Rico limited liability company Tiger Trout ), pursuant to which, on same, date, the Company
(i) issued a convertible promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of for a purchase price of , reflecting
a original issue discount (the Tiger Trout Note ), and (ii) sold to Tiger Trout shares Company common stock
for a purchase price of 220.00. 

The
Tiger Trout Note has a maturity date of , and bears interest at 10 per year. No payments of the principal amount or
interest are due prior to the maturity date other than as specifically set forth in the Tiger Trout Note, and the Company may prepay
all or any portion of the principal amount and any accrued and unpaid interest at any time without penalty, provided however, that if
the Company does not pay the principal amount and any accrued and unpaid interest by July 2, 2021, an additional is required
to be paid to Tiger Trout at the time the Tiger Trout Note is repaid, if the Company repays the Tiger Trout Note prior to its maturity
date. 

If
the principal amount and any accrued and unpaid interest under the Tiger Trout Note has not been repaid on or before the maturity date,
that will be an event of default under the Tiger Trout Note. If an event of default has occurred and is continuing, Tiger Trout may declare
all or any portion of the then-outstanding principal amount and any accrued and unpaid interest under the Tiger Trout Note (the Indebtedness due and payable, and the Indebtedness will become immediately due and payable in cash by the Company. Further, 

The
 original issue discounts, the fair value of shares issued, and the beneficial conversion features were recorded as debt
discounts and amortized over the term of the note. Therefore, the total debt discounts at the inception date of this convertible promissory
note were . 

On
January 25, 2022, the Company entered into an Amendment and Restructuring Agreement (the Tiger Restructuring Agreement with Tiger Trout to extend the maturity to August 24, 2022 and increased the principal amount of the convertible note by so
the total principal became . 

On
June 29, 2022, the Company and Tiger Trout entered into Amendment No. 2 to Convertible Promissory Note, dated as of June 29, 2022 (the
 Note Amendment 2 ). Pursuant to the terms of the Note Amendment 2: 

(i) 
 the
 principal amount of the Tiger Trout Note was amended to be ; and 

(ii) 
 Section
 3(c) of the Tiger Trout Note was amended and restated in its entirety to provide a conversion price equal to 85 of the closing per
 share trading price of the Company s Common Stock on the last trading day prior to the delivery of the notice of conversion,
 as reported on the National Quotations Bureau OTC Market exchange which the Company s shares are traded. 

On
June 30, 2022, the Company and Tiger Trout entered into Amendment No. 3 to Convertible Promissory Note, dated as of June 30, 2022 (the
 Note Amendment 3 ). Pursuant to the terms of the Note Amendment 3, the Tiger Trout Note was amended as follows: 

(i) 
 the
 principal amount of the Tiger Trout Note was amended to be ; and 

(ii) 
 Notwithstanding
 anything to the contrary in the Tiger Trout Note, the parties acknowledge and agree that Tiger Trout may elect to convert the Tiger
 Trout Note into Conversion Shares at any time at the election of Tiger Trout, subject to the other limitations and
 requirements of the Tiger Trout Note, and the Conversion Period (as defined in the Tiger Trout Note) is amended to
 be the period from June 30, 2022 to the date of full repayment of all Indebtedness (as defined in the Tiger Trout Note). 

The
reduction of the principal amount of was recorded as gain in debt settlement for the quarter ended June 30, 2022. On June 29,
2022, principal balance of was converted into common shares. 

Tiger
Trout Capital Puerto Rico converted on the principal amount to to common shares for in the quarter ended September
30, 2022. 

On
December 7, 2022, the Company entered into a Debt Repayment and Release Agreement by and between the Company and Tiger Trout. Pursuant
to the terms of the Agreement, the Company agreed to pay to Tiger Trout as full and complete payment of certain debt owed by
the Company to Tiger Trout pursuant to a convertible promissory note dated as of January 29, 2021, as amended, in the aggregate principal
amount of , plus accrued interest in the approximate amount of . On December 7, 2022, pursuant to the terms of the Agreement,
the Company paid Tiger Trout , the Debt was settled and the Note was terminated. 

The
balance of the Tiger Trout Note as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

Convertible
Promissory Note Eagle Equities LLC 

On
April 13, 2021, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Eagle SPA with Eagle Equities LLC Eagle
Equities ), pursuant to which, on same date, the Company issued a convertible promissory note to Eagle Equities in the aggregate
principal amount of for a purchase price of , reflecting a original issue discount (the Eagle Equities
Note ), and, in connection therewith, sold to Eagle Equities shares of Company Common Stock at a purchase price of ,
representing a per share price of per share. In addition, at the closing of this sale, the Company reimbursed Eagle Equities the
sum of for Eagle Equities costs in completing the transaction, which amount Eagle Equities withheld from the total purchase
price paid to the Company. 

The
Eagle Equities Note has a maturity date of and bears interest at per year. No payments of the principal amount or
interest are due prior to the maturity date other than upon the circumstances set forth in the Eagle Equities Note specifically,
if (i) the SEC qualifies the Company s offering statement related to the Company s planned offering of Company Common Stock
pursuant to Regulation A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; and (ii) the Company receives in net proceeds from
such Regulation A Offering, then Company must repay the principal amount and any accrued and unpaid interest on the Eagle Equities Note
within three (3) business days from the date of such occurrence. The Company may prepay all or any portion of the principal amount and
any accrued and unpaid interest at any time without penalty. 

The
 original issue discounts, the fair value of shares issued, and the beneficial conversion features were recorded as debt
discounts and amortized over the term of the note. Therefore, the total debt discount at the inception date of this convertible promissory
note were recorded at . 

The
balance of the Eagle Equities Note as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. The Company is currently
in default of the Eagle Equities Note. 

Convertible
Promissory Note Labrys Fund, LP 

On
March 11, 2021, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Labrys SPA with Labrys Fund, LP Labrys ),
pursuant to which the Company issued a promissory note (the Labrys Note with a maturity date of March 11, 2022 (the
 Labrys Maturity Date ), in the principal sum of . In addition, the Company issued shares of its common
stock to Labrys as a commitment fee pursuant to the Labrys SPA. Pursuant to the terms of the Labrys Note, the Company agreed to pay to
 (the Principal Sum to Labrys and to pay interest on the principal balance at the rate of 10 per annum. The
Labrys Note carries an original issue discount OID of . Accordingly, on the Closing Date (as defined in the Labrys
SPA), Labrys paid the purchase price of in exchange for the Labrys Note. Labrys may convert the Labrys Note into the Company s
common stock (subject to the beneficial ownership limitations of in the Labrys Note) at any time at a conversion price equal to
 per share. 

The
Company may prepay the Labrys Note at any time prior to the date that an Event of Default (as defined in the Labrys Note) occurs at an
amount equal to of the Principal Sum then outstanding plus accrued and unpaid interest (no prepayment premium) plus for
administrative fees. The Labrys Note contains customary events of default relating to, among other things, payment defaults, breach of
representations and warranties, and breach of provisions of the Labrys Note or Labrys SPA. 

. 

The
 original issue discounts, the fair value of shares issued, and the beneficial conversion features were recorded as debt
discounts and amortized over the term of the note. Therefore, the total debt discounts at the inception date of this convertible promissory
note were . 

On
November 26, 2021, the Company entered into an Amendment and Restructuring Agreement (the Labrys Restructuring Agreement with Labrys Fund LP to extend the maturity to November 11, 2022 and increased the principal amount of the convertible note by 
so the total principal became . 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company paid cash to reduce the balance of the convertible promissory note from Labrys
Fund, LP. On March 30, 2022, Labrys Fund, LP converted principal and interest and for fees totaling 
into common shares. For the quarter ended June 30, 2022, Labrys Fund, LP converted principal and for fees totaling
 into common shares. 

Labrys
Fund, LP converted principal in to shares for the quarter ended September 30, 2022. The balance of the Labrys Note as of December
31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

Convertible
Promissory Note Chris Etherington 

On
August 27, 2021, the Company entered into a note purchase agreement (the Chris Etherington Note Purchase Agreement with
Chris Etherington, an individual Chris Etherington ), with an effective date of August 26, 2021, pursuant to which, on
same date, the Company issued a convertible promissory note to Chris Etherington in the aggregate principal amount of for a
purchase price of , reflecting a original issue discount (the Chris Etherington Note and, in connection
therewith, issued to Chris Etherington a Warrant to purchase shares of the Company s common stock, par value per
share (the Company Common Stock at an exercise price of per share, subject to adjustment (the Chris Etherington
Warrant ). In addition, in connection with the Chris Etherington Note Purchase Agreement, the Company entered into a Security Agreement
on same date with Chris Etherington, pursuant to which the Company s obligations under the Chris Etherington Note were secured
by a first priority lien and security interest on all of the assets of the Company (the Chris Etherington Security Agreement ).
While each of the Chris Etherington Warrant, Security Agreement, Note, and Note Purchase Agreement have an effective date and/or effective
issue date of August 26, 2021, each was entered into and/or issued on August 27, 2021. 

The
Chris Etherington Note has a maturity date of and bears interest at per year. No payments of the principal amount
or interest are due prior to the maturity date other than as specifically set forth in the GS Capital Note #6, and the Company may prepay
all or any portion of the principal amount and any accrued and unpaid interest at any time without penalty. 

. 

Since
the conversion price is based on the lesser of (i) or (ii) of the VWAP during the -trading day period immediately prior to
the option conversion date, the Company has determined that the conversion feature is considered a derivative liability for the Company,
which is detailed in Note 10. 

The
 original issue discounts, the fair value of warrants issued, and the conversion features were recorded as debt discounts
and amortized over the term of the note. Therefore, the total debt discount at the inception date of this convertible promissory note
were recorded at . For the excess amount of derivative liability, the Company recorded accretion expense of at the inception
date of this note. 

The
balance of the Chris Etherington Note as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. The Company is currently
in default of the Chris Etherington Note. 

Convertible
Promissory Note Rui Wu 

On
August 27, 2021, the Company entered into a note purchase agreement (the Rui Wu Note Purchase Agreement with Rui Wu, an
individual Rui Wu ), with an effective date of August 26, 2021, pursuant to which, on same date, the Company issued a convertible
promissory note to Rui Wu in the aggregate principal amount of for a purchase price of , reflecting a original
issue discount (the Rui Wu Note and, in connection therewith, issued to Rui Wu a Warrant to purchase shares of
the Company s common stock, par value per share (the Company Common Stock at an exercise price of per
share, subject to adjustment (the Rui Wu Warrant ). In addition, in connection with the Rui Wu Note Purchase Agreement,
the Company entered into a Security Agreement on same date with Rui Wu, pursuant to which the Company s obligations under the Rui
Wu Note were secured by a first priority lien and security interest on all of the assets of the Company (the Rui Wui Security
Agreement ). While each of the Rui Wu Warrant, Security Agreement, Note, and Note Purchase Agreement have an effective date and/or
effective issue date of August 26, 2021, each was entered into and/or issued on August 27, 2021. 

The
Rui Wu Note has a maturity date of and bears interest at per year. No payments of the principal amount or interest
are due prior to the maturity date other than as specifically set forth in the Rui Wu Note, and the Company may prepay all or any portion
of the principal amount and any accrued and unpaid interest at any time without penalty. 

. 

If
an event of default has occurred and is continuing, Rui Wu may declare all or any portion of the then-outstanding principal amount of
the Rui Wu Note, together with all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, due and payable, and the Rui Wu Note shall thereupon become immediately
due and payable in cash and Rui Wu will also have the right to pursue any other remedies that Rui Wu may have under applicable law. In
the event that any amount due under the Rui Wu Note is not paid as and when due, such amounts shall accrue interest at the rate of 
per year, simple interest, non-compounding, until paid. 

Since
the conversion price is based on the lesser of (i) or (ii) of the VWAP during the 20-trading day period immediately prior to
the option conversion date, the Company has determined that the conversion feature is considered a derivative liability for the Company,
which is detailed in Note 10. 

The
 original issue discounts, the fair value of warrants issued, and the conversion features were recorded as debt discounts
and amortized over the term of the note. Therefore, the total debt discount at the inception date of this convertible promissory note
were recorded at . For the excess amount of derivative liability, the Company recorded accretion expense of at the inception
date of this note. 

The
balance of the Riu Wu Note as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. The Company is currently in default
of the Rui Wu Note. 

Convertible
Promissory Note Sixth Street Lending #1 

On
November 18, 2021, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Sixth Street #1 Securities Purchase Agreement with Sixth Street Lending LLC Sixth Street ), pursuant to which, on the same date, the Company issued a convertible promissory
note to Sixth Street in the aggregate principal amount of for a purchase price of , reflecting a original issue
discount (the Sixth Street #1 Note ). At closing, the Company reimbursed Sixth Street the sum of for Sixth Street s
costs in completing the transaction. 

The
Sixth Street #1 Note has a maturity date of and bears interest at per year. No payments of the principal amount
or interest are due prior to the Maturity Date, other than as specifically set forth in the Note. The Company may not prepay the Note
prior to the Maturity Date, other than by way of a conversion initiated by Sixth Street. 

. 

The
Sixth Street #1 Note contains customary events of default, including, but not limited to: (1) failure to pay principal or interest on
the Note when due; (2) failure to issue and transfer Common Stock upon exercise of Sixth Street of its conversion rights; (3) an uncured
breach of any of the Company s other material obligations contained in the Note; and (4) the Company s breach of any representation
or warranty in the Securities Purchase Agreement or other related agreements. 

If
an event of default occurs and continues uncured, the Sixth Street #1 Note becomes immediately due and payable. If an event of default
occurs because the Company fails to issue shares of Common Stock to Sixth Street within three business days of receiving a notice of
conversion from Sixth Street, the Company shall pay an amount equal to of the Default Amount (defined below) in full satisfaction
of the Company s obligations under the Note. If an event of default occurs for any other reason that continues uncured (except
in the case of appointment of a receiver, bankruptcy, liquidation, or a similar default), the Company shall pay an amount equal to 
of the Default Amount (defined below) in full satisfaction of the Company s obligations under the Sixth Street #1 Note. 

Since
the conversion price is based on the lesser of (i) or (ii) of the VWAP during the -trading day period immediately prior to
the option conversion date, the Company has determined that the conversion feature is considered a derivative liability for the Company,
which is detailed in Note 10. 

The
 original issue discounts, the reimbursement, and the conversion features were recorded as debt discounts and amortized
over the term of the note. Therefore, the total debt discount at the inception date of this convertible promissory note were recorded
at . 

For
the quarter ended June 30, 2022, Sixth Street converted the entire principal and accrued interest into common shares. 

The
balance of the Sixth Street #1 note as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

Convertible
Promissory Note Sixth Street Lending #2 

On
December 9, 2021, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement, (the Sixth Street #2 purchase agreement dated
December 9, 2021, by and between the Company and Sixth Street Lending LLC (the Buyer ). Pursuant to the terms of the SPA,
the Company agreed to issue and sell, and the Buyer agreed to purchase (the Purchase ), a convertible note in the aggregate
principal amount of (the Sixth Street #2 Note ). The Sixth Street #2 Note has an original issue discount of ,
resulting in gross proceeds to the Company of . 

The
Sixth Street #2 Note bears interest at a rate of per annum and matures on . Any amount of principal or interest on
the Note which is not paid when due will bear interest at a rate of per annum. The Note may not be prepaid in whole or in part except
as provided in the Note by way of conversion at the option of the Buyer. 

. 

The
conversion price of the Sixth Street #2 Note equals the lesser of the Variable Conversion Price (as hereinafter defined) and 1.00. The
 Variable Conversion Price means 75 multiplied by the lowest VWAP (as defined in the Note) for the Company s common
stock during the 20 trading date period ending on the latest complete trading day prior to the conversion date. 

Since
the conversion price is based on the lesser of (i) or (ii) of the VWAP during the -trading day period immediately prior to
the option conversion date, the Company has determined that the conversion feature is considered a derivative liability for the Company,
which is detailed in Note 10. 

The
 original issue discounts, the reimbursement, and the conversion features were recorded as debt discounts and amortized
over the term of the note. Therefore, the total debt discount at the inception date of this convertible promissory note were recorded
at . 

For
the quarter ended June 30, 2022, Sixth Street converted the principal into common shares. 

 For
the quarter ended September 30, 2022, Sixth Street converted the principal and accrued interest into common shares. 

The
balance of the Sixth Street #2 note as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

Convertible
Promissory Note Fast Capital 

On
January 10, 2022, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement, (the Fast Capital purchase agreement dated
January 10, 2022, by and between the Company and Fast Capital, LLC. Pursuant to the terms of the SPA, the Company agreed to issue and
sell, and the Buyer agreed to purchase, a convertible note in the aggregate principal amount of (the Fast Capital Note ).
The Fast Capital 2 Note has an original issue discount of , resulting in gross proceeds to the Company of . 

The
Fast Capital Note bears interest at a rate of per annum and matures on . Any amount of principal or interest on the
Note which is not paid when due will bear interest at a rate of per annum. The Note may not be prepaid in whole or in part except
as provided in the Note by way of conversion at the option of the Buyer. 

. 

The
conversion price of the Fast Capital Note equals 70 of the lowest trading price of common stock as reported in the national Quotation
Bureau OTC market exchange during the 20 trading date period ending on the latest complete trading day prior to the conversion date. 

Since
the conversion price is based on 70 of the lowest trading price of common stock as reported in the national Quotation Bureau OTC market
exchange during the 20 trading date period ending on the latest complete trading day prior to the conversion date, the Company has determined
that the conversion feature is considered a derivative liability for the Company, which is detailed in Note 10. 

The
 original issue discounts, the reimbursement, and the conversion features were recorded as debt discounts and amortized
over the term of the note. Therefore, the total debt discount at the inception date of this convertible promissory note were recorded
at . 

The
balance of the Fast Capital note as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and 0, respectively. 

Convertible
Promissory Note Sixth Street Lending #3 

On
January 12, 2022, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement, (the Sixth Street #3 purchase agreement dated
January 12, 2022, by and between the Company and Sixth Street Lending LLC. Pursuant to the terms of the SPA, the Company agreed to issue
and sell, and the Buyer agreed to purchase, a convertible note in the aggregate principal amount of (the Sixth Street
#3 Note ). The Sixth Street #3 Note has an original issue discount of , resulting in gross proceeds to the Company of . 

The
Sixth Street #3 Note bears interest at a rate of per annum and matures on . Any amount of principal or interest on
the Note which is not paid when due will bear interest at a rate of per annum. The Note may not be prepaid in whole or in part except
as provided in the Note by way of conversion at the option of the Buyer. 

. 

The
conversion price of the Sixth Street #3 Note equals the lesser of the Variable Conversion Price (as hereinafter defined) and . The
 Variable Conversion Price means 75 multiplied by the lowest VWAP (as defined in the Note) for the Company s common
stock during the 20 trading date period ending on the latest complete trading day prior to the conversion date. 

Since
the conversion price is based on the lesser of (i) or (ii) of the VWAP during the -trading day period immediately prior to
the option conversion date, the Company has determined that the conversion feature is considered a derivative liability for the Company,
which is detailed in Note 10. 

The
 original issue discounts and the conversion features were recorded as debt discounts and amortized over the term of the note.
Therefore, the total debt discount at the inception date of this convertible promissory note were recorded at . 

Sixth
Street Lending converted and accrued interest to common shares in the quarter ended September 30, 2022. The
balance of the Sixth Street #3 note as of S December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

Convertible
Promissory Note ONE44 Capital LLC 

On
February 16, 2022, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement, (the ONE44 Capital purchase agreement dated
February 15, 2022, by and between the Company and ONE44 Capital LLC. Pursuant to the terms of the SPA, the Company agreed to issue and
sell, and the Buyer agreed to purchase, a convertible note in the aggregate principal amount of (the ONE44 Capital Note ).
The ONE44 Capital Note has an original issue discount of 17,500, resulting in gross proceeds to the Company of 158,000. 

The
ONE44 Capital Note bears interest at a rate of per annum and matures on . Any amount of principal or interest on
the Note which is not paid when due will bear interest at a rate of per annum. The Note may not be prepaid in whole or in part except
as provided in the Note by way of conversion at the option of the Buyer. 

. 

The
conversion price of the ONE44 Capital Note equals the lesser of the Variable Conversion Price (as hereinafter defined) and . The
 Variable Conversion Price means 65 multiplied by the lowest VWAP (as defined in the Note) for the Company s common
stock during the 3 trading date period ending on the latest complete trading day prior to the conversion date. 

Since
the conversion price is based on of the VWAP during the -trading day period immediately prior to the option conversion date, the
Company has determined that the conversion feature is considered a derivative liability for the Company, which is detailed in Note 10. 

The
 original issue discounts, the reimbursement and the conversion features were recorded as debt discounts and amortized
over the term of the note. Therefore, the total debt discount at the inception date of this convertible promissory note were recorded
at . 

ONE44
Capital LLC converted principal and accrued interest to common shares in the quarter ended September 30, 2022.
The balance of the ONE44 Capital note as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

Convertible
Promissory Note Coventry Enterprise, LLC 

On
March 3, 2022, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement, (the Coventry Enterprise purchase agreement dated
March 3, 2023, by and between the Company and Coventry Enterprise, LLC. Pursuant to the terms of the SPA, the Company agreed to issue
and sell, and the Buyer agreed to purchase, a convertible note in the aggregate principal amount of (the Coventry Enterprise
Note ). The Coventry Note has an original issue discount of , resulting in gross proceeds to the Company of . Pursuant
to the terms of the Coventry SPA, the Company also agreed to issue shares of restricted common stock to Coventry as additional
consideration for the purchase of the Coventry Note. 

The
Coventry Enterprise Note bears interest at a rate of per annum and matures on . Any amount of principal or interest
on the Note which is not paid when due will bear interest at a rate of per annum. The Note may not be prepaid in whole or in part
except as provided in the Note by way of conversion at the option of the Buyer. 

. 

The
conversion price of the Coventry Enterprise Note equals the lesser of the Variable Conversion Price (as hereinafter defined). The Variable
Conversion Price means 90 multiplied by the lowest VWAP (as defined in the Note) for the Company s common stock during
the 10 trading date period ending on the latest complete trading day prior to the conversion date. 

Since
the conversion price is based on of the VWAP during the -trading day period immediately prior to the option conversion date, the
Company has determined that the conversion feature is considered a derivative liability for the Company, which is detailed in Note 10. 

The
 original issue discounts, shares issued, and the conversion features were recorded as debt discounts and amortized over
the term of the note. Therefore, the total debt discount at the inception date of this convertible promissory note were recorded at . 

Coventry
Enterprise, LLC converted principal and accrued interest to common shares in the quarter ended September 30,
2022. 

On
December 20, 2022, the Company entered into a Debt Repayment and Release Agreement by and between the Company and Coventry Enterprises
LLC Coventry ). Pursuant to the terms of the Agreement, the Company agreed to pay to Coventry as full and complete
payment of certain debt owed by the Company to Coventry pursuant to a promissory note, dated as of March 3, 2022, in the principal
sum of , plus accrued interest in the approximate amount of . On December 20, 2022, pursuant to the terms of the Agreement,
the Company paid Coventry , the Debt was settled and the Note was terminated. 

The
balance of the Coventry Enterprise note as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

Convertible
Promissory Note ONE44 Capital LLC #2 

On
May 20, 2022, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement, (the ONE44 Capital purchase agreement #2 by and
between the Company and ONE44 Capital LLC. Pursuant to the terms of the SPA, the Company agreed to issue and sell, and the Buyer agreed
to purchase, a convertible note in the aggregate principal amount of (the ONE44 Capital Note ). The ONE44 Capital
Note has an original issue discount of and reimbursement of 5,000, resulting in gross proceeds to the Company of . 

The
ONE44 Capital Note bears interest at a rate of per annum and matures on . Any amount of principal or interest on the Note
which is not paid when due will bear interest at a rate of per annum. The Note may not be prepaid in whole or in part except as provided
in the Note by way of conversion at the option of the Buyer. 

. 

Since
the conversion price is based on of the lowest daily trading VWAP of the Company s common stock for the prior trading days,
the Company has determined that the conversion feature is considered a derivative liability for the Company, which is detailed in Note
10. 

The
 original issue discounts, the reimbursement and the conversion features were recorded as debt discounts and amortized
over the term of the note. Therefore, the total debt discount at the inception date of this convertible promissory note were recorded
at . 

The
balance of the ONE44 Capital note as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

Convertible
Promissory Note Diagonal Lending LLC 

On
June 23, 2022, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement, (the Sixth Street #4 purchase agreement ), by and
between the Company and Diagonal Lending LLC. Pursuant to the terms of the SPA, the Company agreed to issue and sell, and the Buyer agreed
to purchase, a convertible note in the aggregate principal amount of (the Diagonal Note ). The Diagonal Note has
an original issue discount of , paid to legal counsel for the Company, and which amount was retained by the Investor
as a due diligence fee resulting in gross proceeds to the Company of . 

The
Note has a maturity date of and bears interest at per annum. No payments of the principal amount or interest are due
prior to the maturity date, other than as specifically set forth in the Note. The Company may not prepay the Note prior to the maturity
date, other than by way of a conversion initiated by Investor. 

. 

The
conversion price is equal to the lesser of the variable conversion price and fixed conversion price which is . The variable conversion
price is defined in the Note as multiplied by the lowest VWAP for shares of Common Stock during the trading days immediately preceding
the Conversion Date. 

Since
the conversion price is based on the lesser of (i) or (ii) of the VWAP during the -trading day period immediately prior to
the option conversion date, the Company has determined that the conversion feature is considered a derivative liability for the Company,
which is detailed in Note 10. 

The
 original issue discounts and the conversion features were recorded as debt discounts and amortized over the term of the note.
Therefore, the total debt discount at the inception date of this convertible promissory note were recorded at . 

The
balance of the Diagonal note as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

Convertible
Promissory Note Diagonal Lending LLC 

On
July 8, 2022, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement, (the 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC purchase agreement ),
by and between the Company and Diagonal Lending LLC. Pursuant to the terms of the SPA, the Company agreed to issue and sell, and the
Buyer agreed to purchase, a convertible note in the aggregate principal amount of (the Diagonal Note ). The Diagonal
Note has an original issue discount of and paid to legal counsel for the Company, resulting in gross proceeds to the Company
of . 

The
Note has a maturity date of and bears interest at per annum. No payments of the principal amount or interest are due
prior to the maturity date, other than as specifically set forth in the Note. The Company may not prepay the Note prior to the maturity
date, other than by way of a conversion initiated by Investor. 

. 

The
conversion price is equal to the lesser of the variable conversion price and fixed conversion price which is 1.00. The variable conversion
price is defined in the Note as multiplied by the lowest VWAP for shares of Common Stock during the trading days immediately preceding
the Conversion Date. 

Since
the conversion price is based on the lesser of (i) or (ii) of the VWAP during the -trading day period immediately prior to
the option conversion date, the Company has determined that the conversion feature is considered a derivative liability for the Company,
which is detailed in Note 10. 

The
 original issue discounts and the conversion features were recorded as debt discounts and amortized over the term of the note.
Therefore, the total debt discount at the inception date of this convertible promissory note were recorded at . 

The
balance of the Diagonal note as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

- 

- 
 
 Cary Niu 

- 

- 
 
 Jesus Galen 

- 

- 
 
 Darren Huynh 

- 

- 
 
 Wayne Wong 

- 

- 
 
 Matt Singer 

- 

- 
 
 ProActive Capital 

- 

- 
 
 GS Capital #1 

- 

- 
 
 GS Capital #1 replacement 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Tiger Trout SPA 

- 

- 
 
 GS Capital #2 

- 

- 
 
 GS Capital #2 - replacement 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 Labrys Fund, LLP 

- 

- 
 
 GS Capital #3 

) 
 - 
 
 GS Capital #4 

- 
 
 Eagle Equities LLC 

- 
 
 GS Capital #5 

- 
 
 GS Capital #6 

- 
 
 Chris Etherington 

- 
 
 Rui Wu 

- 
 
 Sixth Street Lending #1 

- 

- 
 
 Sixth Street Lending #2 

- 

- 
 
 Fast Capital LLC 

Sixth Street Lending #3 

- 

- 
 
 One 44 Capital 

Coventry Enterprise 

- 

- 
 
 One 44 Capital #2 

1800 Diagonal Lending LLC 

1800 Diagonal Lending LLC 

Total 

Total 

Remaining note principal balance 

Total convertible promissory notes, net 

2024 

Thereafter 

Total 

Interest
expense recorded related to the convertible notes payable for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were and , respectively. 

The
Company amortized and of the discount on the convertible notes payable to interest expense for the year ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The
Company recognized additional non-cash interest expense from excess derivative of and for the year ended December 31,
2022 and 2021, respectively. 

and , respectively. The Company recorded these consultant
and director shares under liability based on the shares will be issued at a fixed monetary amount known at inception under ASC 480. 

Shares to be issued 

Shares issued 

Ending Balance, December 31, 2022 

Shares
to be issued - liability is summarized as below: 

Beginning Balance, January 1, 2021 

Shares to be issued - liability, beginning balance 

Shares to be issued 

Shares issued 

Ending Balance, December 31, 2021 

Shares to be issued - liability, ending balance 

and , respectively. The Company recorded loss and gain from changes in
derivative liability during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

- 
 
 Exercise price 
 - 
 
 Annual Dividend Yield 
 - 
 
 Expected Life (Years) 
 years 
 
 Risk-Free Interest Rate 
 - 
 
 Expected Volatility 
 - 

Additions 

Mark to Market 

Cancellation of Derivative Liabilities Due to Conversions 
 - 
 
 Reclassification to APIC Due to Conversions 

Ending Balance, September 30, 2022 

- 
 
 Exercise price 
 - 
 
 Annual Dividend Yield 
 - 
 
 Expected Life (Years) 
 years 
 
 Risk-Free Interest Rate 
 - 
 
 Expected Volatility 
 
 - 

Derivative liability, beginning balance 

Additions 

Mark to Market 

Cancellation of Derivative Liabilities Due to Conversions 
 - 
 
 Reclassification to APIC Due to Conversions 

Ending Balance, December 31, 2021 

Derivative liability, ending balance 

at interest rate. The entire balance is due January 31, 2023. As of December
31, the Company has a balance of owed to the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. The note payable was subsequently amended
on February 2, 2021. 

On
February 2, 2021, the Company and Amir Ben-Yohanan, its Chief Executive Officer, entered into a promissory note in the total principal
amount of (the Amir 2021 Note to replace the Amir 2020 note. The Note memorializes a loan that Mr.
Ben-Yohanan previously advanced to the Company and its subsidiaries to fund their operations. The Amir 2021 Note bears simple interest
at a rate of eight percent per annum, and the Company may prepay all or any portion of the principal amount and any accrued and
unpaid interest of the Note at any time without penalty. 

At
the time of the qualification by the SEC of the Company s Offering Circular, pursuant to Regulation A, of the Indebtedness
shall, automatically and without any further action of the Company or the Holder, be converted into a number of restricted fully paid
and non-assessable shares of shares of common stock, par value per share, of the Company equal to (i) divided by (ii)
the price per share of the Common Stock as offered in the Offering Circular. 

In
accordance with ASC 470-50-40-10 a modification or an exchange of debt that adds or eliminates a substantive conversion option as of
the conversion date would always be considered substantial and require extinguishment accounting. We concluded the conversion features
of the Amir 2021 note is substantial. As a result, we recorded a loss on the extinguishment of debt in the amount of in our
consolidated statements of operations and credit as premium on the note payable to the related party. The premium will be amortized over
the life of the loan which is expired on February 2, 2024. 

The
Company s Regulation A Offering Circular was qualified on June 11, 2021. As a result, the principal balance of has been
converted to common stock and recorded under shares to be issued until it is issued. 

The
Company amortized and of the discount on the convertible notes payable to interest expense for the year ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The outstanding debt premium as of December 31, 2022 was . 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company paid and to the Amir 2021 Note, respectively. 

On
November 17, 2022, the Company entered into a Debt Exchange Agreement by and between the Company and Amir Ben-Yohanan, the Company s
Chief Executive Officer, a member of the Company s board of directors, and a significant stockholder of the Company. Pursuant to
the terms of the Agreement, the Company and Mr. Ben-Yohanan agreed to exchange outstanding principal indebtedness for shares
Such shares were issued on November 17, 2022. As a result of the exchange, such indebtedness was deemed repaid in full. 

The
balance of the Amir 2021 note as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were and , respectively. 

Note
payable Amir with interest 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company borrowed and from Amir. The maturity date of the note is July 1, 2024
and the Company has to pay per month commencing August 1, 2022 and has no interest. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, was paid to Amir. 

On
November 17, 2022, the Company entered into a Debt Exchange Agreement by and between the Company and Amir Ben-Yohanan, the Company s
Chief Executive Officer, a member of the Company s board of directors, and a significant stockholder of the Company. Pursuant to
the terms of the Agreement, the Company and Mr. Ben-Yohanan agreed to exchange outstanding indebtedness for shares Such shares
were issued on November 17, 2022. As a result of the exchange, such indebtedness was deemed repaid in full. 

The
balance of the note payable as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were and , respectively. 

Note
payable Amir without interest 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company borrowed and from Amir. The note is due on demand and has no interest.
The Company recorded imputed interest related to this note payable due to Amir. 

On
November 17, 2022, the Company entered into a Debt Exchange Agreement by and between the Company and Amir Ben-Yohanan, the Company s
Chief Executive Officer, a member of the Company s board of directors, and a significant stockholder of the Company. Pursuant to
the terms of the Agreement, the Company and Mr. Ben-Yohanan agreed to exchange outstanding indebtedness for shares Such shares
were issued on November 17, 2022. As a result of the exchange, such indebtedness was deemed repaid in full. 

The
balance of the note payable as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were and , respectively. 

to the Company for payment of the Company s
operating expenses. The Company recorded and as imputed interest and recorded as additional paid in capital for the nine
months ended September 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively from the loan advanced by the Company s Chief Executive Officer. 

On
February 2, 2021, the Company and Amir Ben-Yohanan, its Chief Executive Officer, entered into a promissory note in the total principal
amount of (the Amir 2021 Note to replace the Amir 2020 note with a maturity date of February 2, 2024. The Note
memorializes a loan that Mr. Ben-Yohanan previously advanced to the Company and its subsidiaries to fund their operations.
The Note bears simple interest at a rate of eight percent per annum, and the Company may prepay all or any portion of the principal
amount and any accrued and unpaid interest of the Note at any time without penalty. The Note bears simple interest at a rate of eight
percent per annum, and the Company may prepay all or any portion of the principal amount and any accrued and unpaid interest of
the Note at any time without penalty. 

At
the time of the qualification by the SEC of the Company s Offering Circular, pursuant to Regulation A, of the Indebtedness
shall, automatically and without any further action of the Company or the Holder, be converted into a number of restricted fully paid
and non-assessable shares of shares of common stock, of the Company equal to (i) divided by (ii) the price per share of the
Common Stock as offered in the Offering Circular. 

On
November 17, 2022, the Company entered into a Debt Exchange Agreement by and between the Company and Amir Ben-Yohanan, the Company s
Chief Executive Officer, a member of the Company s board of directors, and a significant stockholder of the Company. Pursuant to
the terms of the Agreement, the Company and Mr. Ben-Yohanan agreed to exchange outstanding principal indebtedness for shares
Such shares were issued on November 17, 2022. As a result of the exchange, such indebtedness was deemed repaid in full. 

On
November 17, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock to Mr. Ben-Yohanan in exchange for the cancellation of 
of indebtedness. 

For
the three months ended March 31, 2021, the Board of Directors approved and paid cash bonuses to Amir Ben-Yohanan, Chris Young,
and Simon Yu. 

For
the three months ended June 30, 2021, the Board of Directors approved and paid cash bonuses to Amir Ben-Yohanan, Chris Young,
Harris Tulchin, and Simon Yu. 

For
the three months ended March 31, 2021, the Company s Chief Executive Officer advanced an additional to the Company to
pay the Company s operating expenses. 

For
the nine months ended September 30, 2022 and 2021, the Company paid and to the Amir 2021 Note, respectively. 

Effective
March 4, 2021, the Company entered into three (3) separate director agreements with Amir Ben-Yohanan, Christopher Young, and Simon Yu.
The Director Agreements set out terms and conditions of each of Mr. Ben-Yohanan s, Mr. Young s, and Mr. Yu s role as
a director of the Company. Mr. Young and Yu resigned from their officer and director positions with the Company on October 8, 2021. 

Pursuant
to the Director Agreements, the Company agreed to compensate each of the Directors as follows: 

An
 issuance of shares of the Company s common stock, par value par value Common Stock ), to be
 issued on the Effective Date, as compensation for services provided by each of the Directors to the Company prior to the Effective
 Date; and 

An
 issuance of a number of shares of Common Stock having a fair market value (as defined in each of the Director Agreements) of 
 at the end of each calendar quarter that the Director serves as a director. 

As
of September 30, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company has a payable balance owed to the sellers of Magiclytics of and 
from the acquisition of Magiclytics on February 3, 2021. 

On
October 7, 2021, the Board of Directors of the Company appointed Dmitry Kaplun as the Company s Chief Financial Officer. Pursuant
to the terms of the Employment Agreement, the Board entered into a restricted stock award agreement (the Restricted Stock Agreement dated October 7, 2021. Pursuant to the terms of the Restricted Stock Agreement, the Board granted Mr. Kaplun shares of restricted
common stock on October 7, 2021. of the shares vest on each of the three-month, six-month, nine-month and 12-month anniversaries
of the grant date. 

On
October 8, 2021, each of Christian Young, President, Secretary and Director of the Company, and Simon Yu, Chief Operating Officer and
Director of the Company, resigned from all officer and director positions with the Company, effective immediately. Each of Mr. Young
and Yu will continue to provide consulting services to the Company. The Company terminated their consulting agreement in the quarter
ended December 31, 2021. 

On
October 12, 2021, the Board appointed Massimiliano Musina to serve as a member of the Company s Board of Directors. In connection
with Mr. Musina s appointment, the Company and Mr. Musina entered into an Independent Director Agreement dated October 12, 2021
(the Director Agreement ). Pursuant to the terms of the Director Agreement, the Company agreed to issue to Mr. Musina each
quarter a number of shares of common stock having a fair market value of , in exchange for Mr. Musina s service as a member
of the Company s Board of Directors. 

On
April 1, 2022, Clubhouse Media Group, Inc. (the Company entered into an employment agreement with Amir Ben-Yohanan, the
Company s Chief Executive Officer, effective April 11, 2022. The terms of the employment agreement are substantially similar to
the terms of Mr. Ben-Yohanan s prior employment agreement with the Company. Accordingly, pursuant to the terms of the employment
agreement, Mr. Ben-Yohanan will continue to serve as Chief Executive Officer of the Company, reporting to the Board of Directors (the
 Board ). As compensation for Mr. Ben-Yohanan s services, the Company agreed to pay Mr. Mr. Ben-Yohanan an annual base
salary of (the Base Salary comprised of two parts a Cash Portion , and an Optional Portion .
The Cash Portion is a monthly cash payment of . The remaining per year the Optional Portion is payable
as follows: 

(i) 
 If
 the Company s Board determines that the Company has sufficient cash on hand to pay all or a portion of the Optional Portion in
 cash, such amount shall be paid in cash. 

(ii) 
 If
 the Board determines that the Company does not have sufficient cash on hand to pay all of the Optional Portion in cash, then the
 portion of the Optional Portion which the Board determines that the Company has sufficient cash on hand to pay in cash will be paid
 in cash, and the remainder (the Deferred Portion will either: 

a. 
 be
 paid at a later date, when the Board determines that the Company has sufficient cash on hand to enable the Company to pay the
 Deferred Portion; or 

b. 
 will not be paid in cash and instead, the Company will issue shares of Company Common Stock equal to 

(A) the Deferred Portion, divided by (B) the VWAP (as defined in the employment agreement) as of the 
 (B) date of issuance of such shares of Company Common Stock. 

In
addition, pursuant to the employment agreement, Mr. Ben-Yohanan is entitled to be paid discretionary annual bonuses as determined by
the Board, and is also entitled to receive fringe benefits, such as, but not limited to, reimbursement for reimbursement for all reasonable
and necessary out-of-pocket business, entertainment and travel, vacation days, and certain insurances. 

The
initial term of the employment agreement is one year from April 11, 2022, unless earlier terminated. Thereafter, the term is automatically
extended on an annual basis for terms of one year each, unless either the Company or Mr. Ben-Yohanan provides notice to the other party
of their desire to not so renew the term of the agreement (as applicable) at least 30 days prior to the expiration of the then-current
term. 

Mr.
Ben-Yohanan s employment with the Company shall be at will, meaning that either Mr. Ben-Yohanan or the Company may
terminate Mr. Ben-Yohanan s employment at any time and for any reason, subject to certain terms and conditions. 

The
Company may terminate the employment agreement at any time, with or without cause , as defined in the employment agreement
and Mr. Ben-Yohanan may terminate the employment agreement at any time, with or without good reason , as defined in the
employment agreement. If the Company terminates the employment agreement for cause or Mr. Ben-Yohanan terminates the employment agreement
without good reason, Mr. Ben-Yohanan will be entitled to be paid any unpaid salary owed or accrued, including the issuance of any shares
of Company Common Stock owed or accrued (as compensation) as of the termination date. In the event that there was any Deferred Portion
which had been agreed to be paid in cash, such Deferred Portion instead will be paid in shares of Company Common Stock as though such
amount had been agreed to be paid via the issuance of shares of Company Common Stock. Mr. Ben-Yohanan will also be entitled to payment
for any unreimbursed expenses as of the termination date. However, any unvested portion of any equity granted to Mr. Ben-Yohanan will
be immediately forfeited as of the termination date. 

On
April 19, 2022, the board of directors (the Board of Clubhouse Media Group, Inc. (the Company and stockholders
holding a majority of the Company s voting power approved the Clubhouse Media Group, Inc. 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2022
Plan ). 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company borrowed and from Amir. The maturity date of the note is 
and the Company has to pay per month commencing August 1, 2022 and has no interest. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, was paid to Amir. 

On
November 17, 2022, the Company entered into a Debt Exchange Agreement by and between the Company and Amir Ben-Yohanan, the Company s
Chief Executive Officer, a member of the Company s board of directors, and a significant stockholder of the Company. Pursuant to
the terms of the Agreement, the Company and Mr. Ben-Yohanan agreed to exchange outstanding indebtedness for shares Such shares
were issued on November 17, 2022. As a result of the exchange, such indebtedness was deemed repaid in full. 

The
balance of the note payable as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were and , respectively. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company borrowed and from Amir. The note is due on demand and has no interest.
The Company recorded imputed interest related to this note payable due to Amir. 

On
November 17, 2022, the Company entered into a Debt Exchange Agreement by and between the Company and Amir Ben-Yohanan, the Company s
Chief Executive Officer, a member of the Company s board of directors, and a significant stockholder of the Company. Pursuant to
the terms of the Agreement, the Company and Mr. Ben-Yohanan agreed to exchange outstanding indebtedness for shares Such shares
were issued on November 17, 2022. As a result of the exchange, such indebtedness was deemed repaid in full. 

Kaplun
Resignation 

On
May 27, 2022, Dmitry Kaplun resigned as the Company s Chief Financial Officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting
officer, effective immediately. Mr. Kaplun resigned for personal reasons and in order to pursue other opportunities, and will continue
to provide consulting services to the Company for at least 90 days 

Termination
and Release Agreement 

In
connection with Mr. Kaplun s resignation, the Company entered into a Termination and Release Agreement, dated as of May 27, 2022,
by and between the Company and Mr. Kaplun (the Termination Agreement ). Pursuant to the terms of the Termination Agreement,
the parties to the Termination Agreement agreed to terminate the Executive Employment Agreement, dated as of October 7, 2021, by and
between the Company and Mr. Kaplun. 

of the membership units, and Mr. Reiman shall own
 of the membership units. Mr. Reiman is to serve as President of the Agency, pursuant to the terms of an Executive Employment Agreement.
The parties respective membership interests shall be non-transferrable, and the Agency shall not issue additional membership interests,
unless the parties mutually consent in each instance. The Company consolidate this joint venture since we owned and has control in
this entity. 

Mr.
Reiman shall oversee the day-to-day operations of the Agency, but shall consult with the Company on a regular basis and regularly update
the Company on the status of deals and the operations of the business. All material business and financial decisions shall be subject
to the Company s final approval. The Company shall not exercise its approval rights in an arbitrary or capricious manner. 

In
the event that Mr. Reiman determines that office space is required to properly carry on the business of the Agency, Mr. Reiman shall
have the authority to lease a reasonable office space on behalf of the Agency, subject to the Company s prior review and approval.
The Company has agreed and approved an office leasing budget of up to USD annually. 

On
the Effective Date, the parties closed the Agreement by executing an Operating Agreement for the Agency, dated the Effective Date, which
encapsulates the essential terms and conditions contained in the Agreement. 

The
Employment Agreement provides Mr. Reiman with a monthly base salary of per month, payable on a weekly basis in accordance with
the Company s own payroll policies for the initial term, provided however, that if within the three (3) month period following
full execution of the Employment Agreement the Agency is profitable, the Base Salary shall increase to per month, beginning the
week following the end of the Period. 

Additionally,
on the last day of each month of the term, Mr. Reiman shall be entitled to an amount of shares equal to seven and one half percent of the net receipts for the applicable month Additional Shares ), divided by the twenty (20) day VWAP of such shares from
the last day of the applicable month. All Additional Shares issued to Mr. Reiman pursuant to the Employment Agreement shall be issued
to Mr. Reiman within seven (7) business days of the date such shares vest. 

Mr.
Reiman shall also be entitled to Twenty-Five Percent of the net receipts, generated by the Agency during each month (the Commission
Bonus ). The Commission Bonus shall be calculated monthly and paid to Reiman within seven (7) business days of the last business
day of the applicable month. 

The
Company allocate the net income or loss of this joint venture to non-controlling interest based on the ownership of this joint venture.
The non-controlling interest for the year ended December 31, 2022 was . 

, comprised of shares of common
stock, par value , and shares of preferred stock, par value . 

On
April 19, 2022, the Company filed Articles of Amendment to the Company s Articles of Incorporation with the Nevada Secretary of
State that had the effect of increasing the authorized shares of common stock from to . 

The
Company filed a Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada on June
13, 2022 for the purpose of amending the Articles of Incorporation of the Company to reduce the par value of the common stock of the
Company, par value per share, from to . 

On
June 23, 2022, the Company filed Articles of Amendment to the Company s Articles of Incorporation with the Nevada Secretary of
State that had the effect of increasing the authorized shares of common stock from to . The Company s
Preferred Stock was unchanged by the Amendment. 

On
November 15, 2022, the Company filed a certificate of amendment to its Articles of Incorporation to increase the Company s authorized
shares of common stock, par value per share, from to . Accordingly, following the filing of the
Amendment, the Company has authorized shares of capital stock, consisting of shares of common stock and
 shares of preferred stock, par value per share. 

One
share of Series X Preferred Stock is outstanding as of December 31, 2022. The single share of Series X Preferred Stock outstanding is
held by Amir Ben-Yohanan, the Company s Chief Executive Officer, who also holds shares of Common Stock as of June 23,
2022. In the aggregate, as of June 23, 2022. 

Preferred
Stock 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was preferred share issued and outstanding. 

On
November 12, 2020, the Company filed a Certificate of Designations with the Secretary of State of Nevada to designate one share of the
preferred stock of the Company as the Series X Preferred Stock of the Company. 

In
November 2020, the Company issued and sold to the Company s Chief Executive Officer 1 share of Series X Preferred Stock, at a purchase
price of . The share of Series X Preferred Stock shall have a number of votes at any time equal to (i) the number of votes then
held or entitled to be made by all other equity securities of the Company, debt securities of the Company or pursuant to any other agreement,
contract or understanding of the Company, plus (ii) one (1). The Series X Preferred Stock shall vote on any matter submitted to the holders
of the Common Stock, or any class thereof, for a vote, and shall vote together with the Common Stock, or any class thereof, as applicable,
on such matter for as long as the share of Series X Preferred Stock is issued and outstanding. The Series X Preferred Stock shall not
have the right to vote on any matter as to which solely another class of Preferred Stock of the Company is entitled to vote pursuant
to the certificate of designations of such other class of Preferred Stock of the Company. 

The
Series X Preferred Stock shall not be convertible into shares of any other class of stock of the Company and entitled to receive any
dividends paid on any other class of stock of the Company. 

In
the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, either voluntarily or involuntarily, a merger or consolidation
of the Company wherein the Company is not the surviving entity, or a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, the
Series X Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to receive any distribution of any of the assets or surplus funds of the Company and shall
not participate with the Common Stock or any other class of stock of the Company therein. 

Common
Stock 

As
of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company had shares of common stock authorized with a par value of .
There were and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares to consultants and directors at fair value of . 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares to settle a conversion of of convertible promissory
note principal and accrued interest and a reclass of derivative liability of . 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company received net proceeds of in connection with the ELOC. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022 , the Company issued shares to settle shares to be issued
 liabilities at fair value of . 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022 , the Company issued shares as debt issuance costs for
convertible notes payable at fair value of . 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares for cash of . 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares with net proceeds of in connection with the initial closing
of this Regulation A offering and ELOC. The Company incurred issuance costs from commitment shares issued to Peak One Investment
 Peak One Opportunity Fund LP, trading fees paid from ELOC, and brokerage fees paid from Regulation A offering. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares to acquire Magiclytics, 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares to consultants and directors at fair value of . 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares to settle a conversion of convertible promissory note
and a reclass of derivative liability of . 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares to settle an accounts payable balance of . 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares as debt issuance costs for convertible notes payable at fair value
of . 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued warrants at fair value of to an non-employee as compensation. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued warrants at fair value of to a convertible debt holder as financing costs. 

Warrants 

Exercised 
 - 
 - 

Canceled 
 - 
 - 

Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

- 
 
 Vested and expected to vest at December 31, 2021 

- 
 
 Exercisable at December 31, 2021 

- 

SUMMARY OF WARRANTS ACTIVITY 

Number
 of 
 Options 
 (in thousands) 
 Weighted- 
 Average 
 Exercise
 Price 
 Weighted- 
 Average 
 Contractual 
 Term 
 (in
 years) 
 Aggregate 
 Intrinsic
 Value 
 
 Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

- 
 
 Issued 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Canceled 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

- 
 
 Vested at December 31, 2021 

- 
 
 Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

- 

stock options were granted by the Company during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Exercise price 

Dividend yield 

Risk free rate 

Expected term (in years) 

Volatility 
 - 

Equity
Purchase Agreement and Registration Rights Agreement 

On
November 2, 2021, Clubhouse Media Group, Inc (the Company entered into an Equity Purchase Agreement (the Agreement and Registration Rights Agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement with Peak One Opportunity Fund, L.P., a Delaware
limited Partnership Investor ), dated as of October 29, 2021, pursuant to which the Company shall have the right, but not
the obligation, to direct Investor, to purchase up to (the Maximum Commitment Amount in shares of the Company s
common stock, par value per share Common Stock in multiple tranches. Further, under the Agreement and subject
to the Maximum Commitment Amount, the Company has the right, but not the obligation, to submit a Put Notice (as defined in the Agreement)
from time to time to Investor (i) in a minimum amount not less than and (ii) in a maximum amount up to the lesser of (a) 
or (b) of the Average Daily Trading Value (as defined in the Agreement). 

In
exchange for Investor entering into the Agreement, the Company agreed, among other things, to (A) issue Investor and Peak One Investments,
LLC, an aggregate of shares of Common Stock (the the Commitment Shares ), and (B) file a registration statement registering
the Common Stock issued as Commitment Shares or issuable to Investor under the Agreement for resale (the Registration Statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 60 calendar days of the Agreement, as more specifically set forth in the Registration
Rights Agreement. 

The
obligation of Investor to purchase the Company s Common Stock shall begin on the date of the Agreement, and ending on the earlier
of (i) the date on which Investor shall have purchased Common Stock pursuant to this Agreement equal to the Maximum Commitment Amount,
(ii) twenty four (24) months after the date of the Agreement, (iii) written notice of termination by the Company to Investor (which shall
not occur during any Valuation Period or at any time that Investor holds any of the Put Shares), (iv) the Registration Statement is no
longer effective after the initial effective date of the Registration Statement, or (v) the date that the Company commences a voluntary
case or any person commences a proceeding against the Company, a custodian is appointed for the Company or for all or substantially all
of its property or the Company makes a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors (the Commitment Period ). 

During
the Commitment Period, the purchase price to be paid by Investor for the Common Stock under the Agreement shall be of the Market
Price, which is defined as the lesser of the (i) closing bid price of the Common Stock on the trading day immediately preceding the respective
Put Date (as defined in the Agreement), or (ii) lowest closing bid price of the Common Stock during the Valuation Period (as defined
in the Agreement), in each case as reported by Bloomberg Finance L.P or other reputable source designated by Investor. 

The
Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement contain customary representations, warranties, agreements and conditions to completing
future sale transactions, indemnification rights and obligations of the parties. Among other things, Investor represented to the Company,
that it is an accredited investor (as such term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the Securities Act )), and the Company sold the securities in reliance upon an exemption from registration contained
in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Regulation D promulgated thereunder. 

2023
Equity Incentive Plan 

On
July 11, 2022, the Board and stockholders holding a majority of the voting power of the Company approved and adopted the Clubhouse Media
Group, Inc. 2023 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2023 Plan ). 

A
total of shares of the Company s common stock are authorized for issuance pursuant to the 2023 Plan. 

Additionally,
if any award issued pursuant to the 2023 Plan expires or becomes unexercisable without having been exercised in full, is surrendered
pursuant to an exchange program, as provided in the 2023 Plan, or, with respect to restricted stock, restricted stock units RSUs ),
performance units or performance shares, is forfeited to or repurchased by the Company due to the failure to vest, the unpurchased shares
(or for awards other than stock options or stock appreciation rights the forfeited or repurchased shares) which were subject thereto
will become available for future grant or sale under the 2023 Plan (unless the 2023 Plan has terminated). With respect to stock appreciation
rights, only shares actually issued pursuant to a stock appreciation right will cease to be available under the 2023 Plan; all remaining
shares under stock appreciation rights will remain available for future grant or sale under the 2023 Plan (unless the 2023 Plan has terminated).
Shares that have actually been issued under the 2023 Plan under any award will not be returned to the 2023 Plan and will not become available
for future distribution under the 2023 Plan; provided, however, that if shares issued pursuant to awards of restricted stock, restricted
stock units, performance shares or performance units are repurchased by the Company or are forfeited to the Company due to the failure
to vest, such shares will become available for future grant under the 2023 Plan. Shares used to pay the exercise price of an award or
to satisfy the tax withholdings related to an award will become available for future grant or sale under the 2023 Plan. To the extent
an award under the 2023 Plan is paid out in cash rather than shares, such cash payment will not result in reducing the number of shares
available for issuance under the 2023 Plan. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing and, subject to adjustment as provided in the 2023 Plan, the maximum number of shares that may be issued upon the exercise
of incentive stock options will equal the aggregate share number stated above, plus, to the extent allowable under Section 422 of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and regulations promulgated thereunder, any shares that become available for issuance under
the 2023 Plan in accordance with the foregoing. 

Plan
Administration 

The
Board or one or more committees appointed by the Board will administer the 2023 Plan. In addition, if the Company determines it is desirable
to qualify transactions under the 2023 Plan as exempt under Rule 16b-3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, such transactions
will be structured with the intent that they satisfy the requirements for exemption under Rule 16b-3. Subject to the provisions of the
2023 Plan, the administrator has the power to administer the 2023 Plan and make all determinations deemed necessary or advisable for
administering the 2023 Plan, including the power to determine the fair market value of the Company s common stock, select the service
providers to whom awards may be granted, determine the number of shares covered by each award, approve forms of award agreements for
use under the 2023 Plan, determine the terms and conditions of awards (including the exercise price, the time or times at which the awards
may be exercised, any vesting acceleration or waiver or forfeiture restrictions and any restriction or limitation regarding any award
or the shares relating thereto), construe and interpret the terms of the 2023 Plan and awards granted under it, prescribe, amend and
rescind rules relating to the 2023 Plan, including creating sub-plans and modify or amend each award, including the discretionary authority
to extend the post-termination exercisability period of awards (provided that no option or stock appreciation right will be extended
past its original maximum term), and to allow a participant to defer the receipt of payment of cash or the delivery of shares that would
otherwise be due to such participant under an award. The administrator also has the authority to allow participants the opportunity to
transfer outstanding awards to a financial institution or other person or entity selected by the administrator and to institute an exchange
program by which outstanding awards may be surrendered or cancelled in exchange for awards of the same type which may have a higher or
lower exercise price or different terms, awards of a different type or cash, or by which the exercise price of an outstanding award is
increased or reduced. The administrator s decisions, interpretations and other actions are final and binding on all participants. 

Eligibility 

Awards
under the 2023 Plan, other than incentive stock options, may be granted to employees (including officers) of the Company or a subsidiary,
members of the Company s Board, or consultants engaged to render bona fide services to the Company or a subsidiary. Incentive stock
options may be granted only to employees of the Company or a subsidiary. 

Stock
Options 

Stock
options may be granted under the 2023 Plan. The exercise price of options granted under the 2023 Plan generally must at least be equal
to the fair market value of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. The administrator will determine
the methods of payment of the exercise price of an option, which may include cash, shares or other property acceptable to the administrator,
as well as other types of consideration permitted by applicable law. After the termination of service of an employee, director or consultant,
they may exercise their option for the period of time stated in their option agreement. In the absence of a specified time in an award
agreement, if termination is due to death or disability, the option will remain exercisable for 12 months. In all other cases, in the
absence of a specified time in an award agreement, the option will remain exercisable for three months following the termination of service.
An option may not be exercised later than the expiration of its term. Subject to the provisions of the 2023 Plan, the administrator determines
the other terms of options. 

Notwithstanding
any other provision of the 2023 Plan to the contrary, the aggregate grant date fair value of all awards granted, under the 2023 Plan,
to any director who is not an employee, during any fiscal year of the Company, taken together with any cash compensation paid to such
director during such fiscal year, shall not exceed . 

Stock
Appreciation Rights 

Stock
appreciation rights may be granted under the 2023 Plan. Stock appreciation rights allow the recipient to receive the appreciation in
the fair market value of the Company s common stock between the exercise date and the date of grant. Stock appreciation rights
may not have a term exceeding 10 years. After the termination of service of an employee, director or consultant, they may exercise their
stock appreciation right for the period of time stated in their stock appreciation right agreement. In the absence of a specified time
in an award agreement, if termination is due to death or disability, the stock appreciation rights will remain exercisable for 12 months.
In all other cases, in the absence of a specified time in an award agreement, the stock appreciation rights will remain exercisable for
three months following the termination of service. However, in no event may a stock appreciation right be exercised later than the expiration
of its term. Subject to the provisions of the 2023 Plan, the administrator determines the other terms of stock appreciation rights, including
when such rights become exercisable and whether to pay any increased appreciation in cash or with shares of the Company s common
stock, or a combination thereof, except that the per share exercise price for the shares to be issued pursuant to the exercise of a stock
appreciation right will be no less than 100 of the fair market value per share on the date of grant. 

Restricted
Stock 

Restricted
stock may be granted under the 2023 Plan. Restricted stock awards are grants of shares of the Company s common stock that vest
in accordance with terms and conditions established by the administrator. The administrator will determine the number of shares of restricted
stock granted to any employee, director or consultant and, subject to the provisions of the 2023 Plan, will determine the terms and conditions
of such awards. The administrator may impose whatever conditions to vesting it determines to be appropriate (for example, the administrator
may set restrictions based on the achievement of specific performance goals or continued service to the Company); provided, however,
that the administrator, in its sole discretion, may accelerate the time at which any restrictions will lapse or be removed. Recipients
of restricted stock awards generally will have voting and dividend rights with respect to such shares upon grant without regard to vesting,
unless the administrator provides otherwise. Shares of restricted stock that do not vest are subject to the Company s right of
repurchase or forfeiture. 

Restricted
Stock Units 

RSUs
may be granted under the 2023Plan. RSUs are bookkeeping entries representing an amount equal to the fair market value of one share of
the Company s common stock. Subject to the provisions of the 2023 Plan, the administrator determines the terms and conditions of
RSUs, including the vesting criteria and the form and timing of payment. The administrator may set vesting criteria based upon the achievement
of Company-wide, divisional, business unit or individual goals (including continued employment or service), applicable federal or state
securities laws or any other basis determined by the administrator in its discretion. The administrator, in its sole discretion, may
pay earned RSUs in the form of cash, in shares of the Company s common stock or in some combination thereof. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, the administrator, in its sole discretion, may accelerate the time at which any vesting requirements will be deemed satisfied. 

Performance
Units and Performance Shares 

Performance
units and performance shares may be granted under the 2023 Plan. Performance units and performance shares are awards that will result
in a payment to a participant only if performance goals established by the administrator are achieved or the awards otherwise vest. The
administrator will establish performance objectives or other vesting criteria in its discretion, which, depending on the extent to which
they are met, will determine the number or the value of performance units and performance shares to be paid out to participants. The
administrator may set performance objectives based on the achievement of Company-wide, divisional, business unit or individual goals
(including continued employment or service), applicable federal or state securities laws or any other basis determined by the administrator
in its discretion. After the grant of a performance unit or performance share, the administrator, in its sole discretion, may reduce
or waive any performance criteria or other vesting provisions for such performance units or performance shares. Performance units shall
have an initial dollar value established by the administrator on or prior to the grant date. Performance shares shall have an initial
value equal to the fair market value of the Company s common stock on the grant date. The administrator, in its sole discretion,
may pay earned performance units or performance shares in the form of cash, in shares or in some combination thereof. 

Non-Employee
Directors 

The
2023 Plan provides that all non-employee directors will be eligible to receive all types of awards (except for incentive stock options)
under the 2023 Plan. The 2023 Plan includes a maximum limit of of equity awards that may be granted to a non-employee director
in any fiscal year. Any equity awards granted to a person for their services as an employee, or for their services as a consultant (other
than as a non-employee director), will not count for purposes of the limitation. The maximum limit does not reflect the intended size
of any potential compensation or equity awards to the Company s non-employee directors. 

Total deferred tax asset 

Less: valuation allowance 

Total deferred tax asset 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total deferred tax liabilities 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net deferred tax asset (liabilities) 
 - 
 - 

The
valuation allowance increased by 5 during the year ended December 31, 2022, as a result of the Company s net operating losses
for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company has net operating loss carryforwards of approximately for both U.S. federal
and state tax purposes as of December 31, 2022. Utilization of the net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards is subject to a substantial
annual limitation due to the ownership change limitations provided by Section 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended, and other similar state provisions. Any annual limitation may result in the expiration of net operating loss
and tax credit carryforwards before utilization. 

The
Company has not recorded any income tax expense or benefit in the consolidated statements of operations for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, due to the benefit of net operating losses in these periods. 

The
Company periodically evaluates the likelihood of the realization of deferred tax assets and adjusts the carrying amount of the deferred
tax assets by the valuation allowance to the extent the future realization of the deferred tax assets is not judged to be more likely
than not. The Company considers many factors when assessing the likelihood of future realization of its deferred tax assets, including
its recent cumulative earnings experience by taxing jurisdiction, expectations of future taxable income or loss, the carryforward periods
available to the Company for tax reporting purposes, and other relevant factors. 

Future
changes in the unrecognized tax benefit will have no impact on the effective tax rate due to the existence of the valuation allowance.
The Company estimates that the unrecognized tax benefit will not change significantly within the next twelve months. The Company classifies
income tax penalties and interest as part of general and administrative expense in its consolidated statements of operations. There were
no interest or penalties accrued as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

In
the normal course of business, the Company is subject to examination by taxing authorities, for which the Company s major tax jurisdictions
are the United States and various states for their tax return filed from 2020 to 2021. 

shares to settle the conversion of principal of convertible promissory note. 

In
February 2023, the Company issued shares to settle the conversion of principal of convertible promissory note. 

On
February 17, 2023, the Company entered into a Settlement and Release Agreement by and between the Company and 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC
(f/k/a Sixth Street Lending LLC) (the Lender ). As previously disclosed, the Company previously issued to the Lender (i)
a convertible promissory note dated July 8, 2022 Note #1 and (ii) a convertible promissory note dated June 23, 2022 Note #2 and together with Note #1, the Notes ). As of February 17, 2023, the Company owed an aggregate of
 pursuant to the Notes. The obligations underlying the Notes are collectively referred to herein as the Debt. 
Pursuant to the terms of the Agreement, the Company and the Lender agreed to settle the Debt and terminate the Notes. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the Agreement, in full and final settlement of the Debt, the Company agreed to (i) pay to the Lender ; and (ii)
issue to the Lender shares of the Company s common stock with respect to the Lender s notice of conversion dated February
16, 2023 relating to a partial conversion of Note #1 (with a then-current balance of ). 

As
a result, as of February 17, 2023, pursuant to the terms of the Agreement, the Debt was settled and the Notes were terminated. 

In March 2023, the Company issued shares to settle the conversion
of principal of convertible promissory note. 

F- 51 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

CLUBHOUSE
 MEDIA GROUP, INC. 

Dated:
 March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Amir Ben-Yohanan 

Amir
 Ben-Yohanan 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

POWER
OF ATTORNEY 

Each
person whose signature appears below hereby appoints Amir Ben-Yohanan as attorney-in-fact with full power of substitution to execute
in the name and on behalf of the registrant and each such person, individually and in each capacity stated below, one or more amendments
to the annual report on Form 10-K, which amendments may make such changes in the report as the attorney-in-fact acting deems appropriate
and to file any such amendment to the annual report on Form 10-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in
the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Amir Ben-Yohanan 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Amir
 Ben-Yohanan 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Scot Hoey 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Scott Hoey 

/s/
 Massimiliano Musina 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Massimiliano
 Musina 

/s/
 Harris Tulchin 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Harris
 Tulchin 

80 

<EX-10.7>
 2
 ex10-7.htm

Exhibit 10.7 

</EX-10.7>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Amir Ben-Yohanan, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 of Clubhouse Media Group, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s)
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

(b) Designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; and 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any
change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s)
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not
material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 

/s/ Amir Ben-Yohanan 

Amir Ben-Yohanan 

Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
Scott Hoey, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 of Clubhouse Media Group, Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
March 31, 2023 

/s/
 Scott Hoey 

Scott Hoey 

Chief
 Financial Officer 
 (Principal
 Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report on Form 10-K of Clubhouse Media Group, Inc. (the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Amir Ben-Yohanan, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Scott Hoey, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: 

1. The Report fully complies with
the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in
the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 /s/ Amir Ben-Yohanan 

Amir Ben-Yohanan 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 /s/ Scott Hoey 

Scott Hoey 

Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

This certification accompanies this Annual Report
on Form 10-K pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by such Act, be deemed
filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Such
certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the
Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 22
 cmgr-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 24
 cmgr-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 25
 cmgr-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 26
 cmgr-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

