<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1961_0001264931-23-000006.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3083366</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>105504</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>639777</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>707773</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>701296</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>854944</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001264931-23-000006.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331161139
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001264931-23-000006
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		57
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WORLDS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000001961
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				221848316
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-24115
		FILM NUMBER:		23787746

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11 ROYAL ROAD
		CITY:			BROOKLINE
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02445
		BUSINESS PHONE:		617-725-8900

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11 ROYAL ROAD
		CITY:			BROOKLINE
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02445

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Worlds.com, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080521

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WORLDS COM INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000519

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WORLDS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19980213

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001264931-23-000006.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 wdddk22.htm

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

Form 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the fiscal year ended 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , 

 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) 

(Registrant s Telephone Number, Including
Area Code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of Each Class 

Name Of Each Exchange 
 On Which Registered 

None 
 
 Not Applicable 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: 

 Common Stock, .001 par value 

 (Title of Class) 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of
its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public
accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See
the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (check one): 

Large Accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act.) Yes 

The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting
common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and
asked closing price of such common equity, as of June 30, 2022 (closing price was 0.03) was approximately . 

As of March 28, 2023, shares
of the Issuer's Common Stock were outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Part I 
 
 Page # 

Item 1 

Business 

3 

Item 1A 

Risk Factors 

6 

Item 1B 

Unresolved Staff Comments 

N/A 

Item 2 

Properties 

8 

Item 3 

Legal Proceedings 

8 

Item 4 

Mine Safety Disclosures 

9 

Part II 

Item 5 

Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

9 

Item 6 

Selected Financial Data 

N/A 

Item 7 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

10 

Item 7A 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

N/A 

Item 8 

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

14 

Item 9 

Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

31 

Item 9A 

Controls and Procedures 

31 

Item 9B 

Other Information 

32 

Item 9C 

Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

32 

Part III 

Item 10 

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

32 

Item 11 

Executive Compensation 

36 

Item 12 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

39 

Item 13 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

40 

Item 14 

Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

40 

Item 15 

Exhibits and Financial Statements Schedules 

42 

1 

 Table of Contents 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING INFORMATION 

This report includes forward-looking statements within
the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These statements involve
risks and uncertainties and our actual results could differ significantly from those discussed herein. These include statements about
our expectations, beliefs, intentions or strategies for the future, which we indicate by words or phrases such as anticipate, 
 expect, intend, plan, may, could, will, believe, 
and similar language, including those set forth in the discussion under Description of Business, Risk Factors and
 Management's Discussion and Analysis or Plan of Operation as well as those discussed elsewhere in this Form 10-K. We base our
forward-looking statements on information currently available to us, and we believe that the assumption and expectations reflected in
such forward-looking statements are reasonable, and we assume no obligation to update them. Statements contained in this Form 10-K that
are not historical facts are forward-looking statements that are subject to the safe harbor created by the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995. 

2 

 Table of Contents 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS. 

General 

On May 16, 2011, we transferred, through a spin-off
to our then wholly owned subsidiary, Worlds Online Inc. (currently named MariMed Inc.), the majority of our operations and related operational
assets. On January 18, 2022 we entered into an asset purchase agreement with Thom Kidrin, our CEO, for the IP that was transferred over
to MariMed Inc. Mr. Kidrin received the IP through a settlement agreement that he reached with MariMed Inc. The assets purchased include: Worlds 
technology platform , Worlds Ultimate Chat, Aerosmith World, DMC Worlds, Cinema Virtual, Pearson contracts and related
revenue, URLs: Worlds.com, Cybersexworld.com, Hang.com , and Worldsfunds.com, a digital inventory
of over 10,000 3D objects, animation sequences, an extensive avatar library, texture maps and virtual world architectures. 

Commencing in 2022, we will be focused on
monetizing our collection of non-fungible tokens and our legacy celebrity virtual reality worlds. 

As of December 31, 2022, we own 549,697 shares of
MariMed Inc. common stock. 

Before the spin-off, Worlds was a leading 3D entertainment
portal which leveraged its proprietary technology, which we retained through our patent portfolio, to offer visitors a network of virtual,
multi-user environments which we call worlds . These worlds are visually engaging online environments featuring animation,
motion and content where people can come together and, by navigating through the website, shop, interact with others, attend events and
be entertained. In support of this portal and the overall business strategy, we design and develop software, content and related technology
for the creation of interactive, three-dimensional 3D Internet web sites. Using our technology, we created our own Internet
sites, as well as sites available through third-party online service providers. 

Recent developments 

The Company has sought damages for patent infringement
of the Company s patents. The Company's lawsuit against the Activision entities was filed in 2012. On April 30, 2021, Judge
Casper granted Activision s summary judgment motion, entered an Order finding that all asserted patents were invalid as directed
to patent-ineligible subject matter, and terminated the Company s lawsuit, with judgment for the Activision Entities. 
The Company appealed this Order on May 28, 2021 to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit, sitting in Washington, D.C. On
March 10, 2022, the Federal Circuit issued an Order affirming the District Court s judgment. On
June 8, 2022, the Company petitioned the Supreme Court of the United States for a writ of certiorari, which is the process required for
asking the Supreme Court to review the judgment of the Federal Circuit. 

The Company
was notified on October 4, 2022, that the Supreme Court denied the Petition for a writ of certiorari.
The Company has exhausted all legal remedies in this patent infringement case. 

Our Technology 

We used our technology to produce three-dimensional
portals and web sites. We believe that our core technology delivers a considerably faster frame rate for user experiences and, in some
cases, a meaningful productivity increase in art production and integration over its previous generation production tools. Our technology
permits the development of virtual worlds which have broad applications. These applications include but are not limited to: 

a virtual meeting place (such as a fan club); 

a 3D e-commerce store (where merchandise can be viewed in 3D and purchased online); and 

a virtual classroom (where content can be viewed via video streaming and then discussed in real time). 

3 

 Table of Contents 

Our core technology has substantial elements written
in Sun Microsystem's programming language, Java, including WorldsBrowser and WorldsShaper, so we expect that it can be made portable across
Windows and UNIX Platforms because of Java's platform independence. 

Our core technology includes: 

WorldsShaper: WorldsShaper is the visual authoring component of our platform. It allows for quick assembly of pieces to create multi-user, shared state, virtual worlds. The WorldsShaper is an advanced compositing 3D building tool that integrates pre-existing or custom content, such as 3D models, textures or images created in Adobe's Photoshop, or midi or wave sound files, with architectural geometry and interactive behaviors and actions written in Java. The architectural building blocks for creating 3D worlds, the flexibility and power of integrating professional modeling and imaging tools, and the extensibility via Java make the WorldsShaper a tool well-suited for rapid creation of 3D environments. 

WorldsServer: WorldsServer is the scalable software that we use to control and operate our on-line virtual communities. WorldsServer manages the registration and authentication of users, the locations of users within the 3D environment, the physical structure of the 3D environment, all information regarding objects that are shared by the participants and any of the interactions between the users such as text chat. This platform also integrates an HTTP server for the delivery of other content such as audio and video streaming and secure e-commerce applications. 

WorldsBrowser: WorldsBrowser is used to access the 3D environments. The browser is optimized for speed, delivering relatively fast frame rates per second in highly textured virtual 3D worlds. 

WorldsPlayer : The WorldsPlayer allows users to view and experience our multi-user, interactive technology. Any world created with the WorldsShaper will be viewable and navigable with the WorldsPlayer. The WorldsPlayer has a high frame rate for fast, quality graphics, an easy-to-use graphic user interface, 2D web browser integration, automatic upgrade capability over the internet and a complete communication tool set including text chat, voice-to-voice chat, e-mail and animation. 

Worlds Gamma Libraries: The Worlds Gamma Libraries are composed of sample worlds, textures, models, avatars, actions, sensors, sounds, motion sequences, and other behaviors. 

4 

 Table of Contents 

Our Strategy 

Worlds Inc. will be focused on monetizing our collection
of non-fungible tokens and our legacy celebrity virtual reality worlds. The
company is exploring strategic alliances with state of the art virtual reality platforms to refocus our positioning in the VR/AR
market returning to the genesis of the company. These new platforms , if successfully
developed and marketed, would enable to company to leverage its existing software assets
and industry relationships. 

Competition 

Since all operations were transferred to Worlds Online
and our business is now monetizing our collection of non-fungible tokens, the Company does not have any direct competition as it did in
the past. 

Currently, there are many companies collaborating
to establish standardization of 3D usage on the Internet, the adoption of which may require changes to our technology. 

Intellectual Property 

U.S. Patents: Worlds has been granted U.S patent 6,219,045,
7,181,690, 7,493,558, 7,945,856, 8,082,501, 8,145,998, 8,161,385, 8,407,592 and 8,640,028 for multi-server technology for 3D applications,
which is our core technology. While the patents have all expired, we continue looking into the implications and breadth of
the patent in order to maximize their benefits as well as our catalog of non-fungible tokens and our legacy celebrity worlds. 

Trademark: Worldsplayer - The WorldsPlayer is especially
designed to allow users to view and experience the multi-user, interactive Worlds Gamma technology. Any world created with the WorldsShaper
will be viewable and navigable with WorldsPlayer. Utilizing the WorldsPlayer, a user assumes a persona (via a digital actor,
or Avatars), and can then move, view, chat, play, express one's self via gestures and animations, voice chat, send email, join discussion
groups, listen to music, shop at Worlds 3D stores, and watch videos, all in the company of users from around the world, within the 3D
environment. The WorldsPlayer boasts high frame rate for fast, high quality graphics, an easy to use graphic user interface,
seamless 2D Web browser integration, auto-upgrade capability over the Internet, and a complete communication tool set including chat,
voice-to-voice chat, email and animation. The WorldsPlayer offers users the unique and creative experience of customizing their Avatars,
while maintaining the ability to animate and activate their Avatars. 

Employees 

As of December 31, 2022, we had one full time employee,
our president and chief executive officer, Thomas Kidrin. 

Corporate History 

We were formed as a result of the contemporaneous
mergers on December 3, 1997 of Worlds Inc., a Delaware corporation formed on April 26, 1994 with and into Worlds Acquisition Corp., a
Delaware corporation formed on April 8, 1997 and of Worlds Acquisition Corp. with and into Academic Computer Systems, Inc., a New Jersey
corporation formed on May 20, 1968 (the Mergers ). Academic Computer Systems changed its name to Worlds Inc. after the Mergers.
In December 1999, we changed our name from Worlds Inc. to Worlds.com Inc. in order to better reflect our business as a consumer Internet
web site that offers virtual worlds in which consumers interact, conduct e-commerce and receive entertainment. 

The Company created a wholly-owned subsidiary named
Worlds Online Inc. on January 25, 2011. On May 16, 2011, Worlds Inc. transferred to Worlds Online Inc. the majority of its operations
and related operational assets, except for its patent portfolio. Worlds Online Inc. changed its name to MariMed Inc. in 2017. 

5 

 Table of Contents 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

Our business is subject to numerous risks, including
but not limited to those set forth below. Our operations and performance could also be subject to risks that do not exist as of the date
of this report but emerge thereafter as well as risks that we do not currently deem material. 

Risks related to our operations 

We have experienced relatively large losses
during our development and, without significant increases in the market penetration of our services and improvements to our operating
margins, we will not achieve profitability. 

Since inception we have incurred significant net
losses as set forth in the financial information included herein. We anticipate that we will continue to incur significant losses
for at least the short-term. We will not achieve profitable operations until we successfully develop sources of revenues from our
portfolio of intellectual property (IP) or generate revenues from other sources that are sufficient to offset our operating costs.
We may never be able to accomplish these objectives. Developing IP is very expensive and we may not have sufficient cash available
to completely develop our IP to a form where it can be monetized because currently we do not generate revenues. 

We are dependent upon the success of monetizing
our IP assets 

After all of our operations were spun off, our success
is essentially dependent upon the success of our ability to monetize our IP assets such as our legacy celebrity worlds and our collection
of non-fungible tokens. This is a relatively new industry and it is unclear if it will develop and be accepted in the mainstream as items
to purchase and/or invest in. 

It will be difficult for you to evaluate us
based on our past performance because we have a relatively new business strategy with a limited operating history. 

We have been actively engaged in the business of being
an IP company for a relatively short period of time and, accordingly, have only limited financial results on which you can evaluate our
company and its new operations. 

We cannot guarantee that we will have any
meaningful protection of our proprietary technologies. 

We cannot be certain of the level of protection,
if any that we will be able to provide for our IP. 

We may incur substantial costs as a result of
litigation or other proceedings relating to our intellectual property rights. 

Third parties may challenge the
validity of our intellectual property rights, resulting in costly litigation or other time-consuming and expensive
proceedings, which could deprive us of valuable rights. If we become involved in any intellectual property litigation, interference or
other judicial or administrative proceedings, we may incur substantial expenses and the diversion of financial resources and technical
and management personnel. An adverse determination may subject us to significant liabilities or require us to seek licenses that may
not be available from third parties on commercially favorable terms, if at all. Further, if such claims are proven valid, through litigation
or otherwise, we may be required to pay substantial financial damages, which can be tripled if the infringement is deemed willful, or
be required to discontinue or significantly delay development, marketing, selling and licensing of the affected products and intellectual
property rights. 

6 

 Table of Contents 

In addition, we cannot assure you that we would prevail in any of these suits or that the damages or other remedies if any,
awarded against us would not be substantial. Claims of intellectual property infringement may require us to enter into royalty or license
agreements with third parties that may not be available on acceptable terms, if at all. We may also become subject to injunctions against
the further development and use of our technology, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and
results of operations. 

Some of our competitors may be able to sustain the
costs of complex patent litigation more effectively than we can because they have substantially greater resources. In addition, any uncertainties
resulting from the initiation and continuation of any litigation could have a material adverse effect on our ability to raise the funds
necessary to continue our operations. 

If we lose our key personnel our operations
could be harmed. 

Our success is currently dependent, in large part,
on the personal efforts of Thomas Kidrin, our president and chief executive officer. The loss of Mr. Kidrin's services could
have a material adverse effect on our business and prospects. 

We may not be able to economically comply with
any new government regulation that may be adopted with respect to the Internet. 

New Internet legislation or regulation, or the application
of existing laws and regulations to the Internet and e-commerce could add additional costs and risks to doing business on the Internet.
We are subject to regulations applicable to businesses generally and laws or regulations directly applicable to communications over the
Internet and access to e-commerce. Although there are currently few laws and regulations directly applicable to e-commerce, it is possible
that a number of laws and regulations may be adopted with respect to the Internet, covering issues such as user privacy, pricing, content,
copyrights, distribution, antitrust, taxation and characteristics and quality of products and services. 

Risks related to our common stock 

Possible issuances of our capital stock would cause dilution
to our existing shareholders. 

 While we currently have 57,112,506 shares of
common stock outstanding after implementing the 5 to 1 reverse split in 2018, we are authorized to issue up to 250,000,000 shares of common
stock. In the event we elect to issue additional shares of common stock in connection with any financing, acquisition or otherwise, current
shareholders could find their holdings substantially diluted, which means they will own a smaller percentage of our company. There are
also 5 million shares of preferred stock that the board can issue under any terms it wants and without any shareholder approval. Shareholders
approved the Company s proposal to increase the authorized capital and/or a reverse split, the risk described above will is heightened
even more. 

Certain shareholders control a substantial portion
of our outstanding common stock. 

Our chief executive officer owns a significant
portion of the outstanding shares of our common stock and Mr. Kidrin may be issued an additional 20 million post reverse split
shares of our common stock upon the exercise of outstanding stock options. Accordingly, in the event he receives and then exercises
such options, he will be able to influence the election of our directors and thereby influence or direct our policies. 

7 

 Table of Contents 

No dividends have been paid on our common stock. 

To date, we have not paid any cash dividends on our
common stock and we do not expect to declare or pay dividends on the common stock in the foreseeable future. In addition, the payment
of cash dividends may be limited or prohibited by the terms of any future loan agreements. 

We are subject to penny stock regulations
which may adversely impact the liquidity and price of our common stock. 

Our common stock is currently deemed a penny
stock. Penny stocks generally are equity securities with a price of less than 5.00 (other than securities registered on certain
national securities exchanges). The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt
from the rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document that provides information on penny stocks and the nature and level
of risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations for the penny
stock, the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction, and if the broker-dealer is the sole market-maker,
the broker-dealer must disclose this fact and the broker-dealer's presumed control over the market, and monthly account statements showing
the market value of each penny stock held in the customer's account. In addition, broker-dealers who sell such securities to persons other
than established customers and accredited investors (generally, those persons with assets in excess of 1,000,000 or annual income exceeding
 200,000 or 300,000 together with their spouse), the broker-dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock is
a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser's written agreement to the transaction. 

These requirements could reduce the level of trading
activity, if any, in the secondary market for our common stock. As a result of the foregoing, our shareholders may find it more difficult
to sell their shares. 

The exercise or conversion of outstanding options
into common stock will dilute the percentage ownership of our other shareholders. The sale of such common stock or other common stock
in the open market could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 

As of December 31, 2022, there are outstanding options
to purchase an aggregate of 22,400,000 shares of our common stock and more options and warrants will likely be granted in the future
to our officers, directors, employees and consultants. Also, on such date there are outstanding warrants to purchase an aggregate of
3,400,000 shares of our common stock. The exercise of outstanding stock options and warrants will dilute the percentage ownership of
our other shareholders. Sales, or the expectation of sales, of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market,
including shares of our common stock issuable upon exercise of our stock options, could adversely affect the prevailing market price
of our common stock. 

ITEM 2. DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTIES. 

We do not own any property nor do we have any contracts
or options to acquire any property in the future. Presently, we are operating out of offices in our president's residence at 11 Royal
Road, Brookline, Massachusetts 02445, where we occupy approximately 800 square feet. This space is adequate for our present
and our planned future operations. We currently pay no rent to our president for use of this space, although when funds are available
we may do so in the future. In addition we have no written agreement or formal arrangement with our president pertaining to the use of
this space. We have no current plans to occupy other or additional office space. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

The Company has sought damages for patent infringement
of the Company s patents. The Company's lawsuit against the Activision entities was filed in 2012, with U.S. District Judge
Casper presiding over these proceedings. This lawsuit was stayed in 2015 pending the outcome of six Inter Partes Review IPR 

8 

 Table of Contents 

petitions filed by Bungie, Inc. to the U.S. Patent
 Trademark Office's Patent Trial and Appeal Board PTAB ). Those IPR proceedings were finally concluded in Company's
favor on January 14, 2020, with each of the challenged patents and the majority of the challenged claims surviving Bungie's challenges. 
Returning to its District Court litigation, the Company asked that Judge Casper lift the stay and allow the Company to proceed in its
lawsuit for patent infringement of the Company s patents against the Activision entities. 

On April 17, 2020, Judge Casper issued an Order lifting
the stay, and setting a pre-trial schedule with a final pretrial conference and trial to occur at a date to be determined after September
24, 2021. On May 19, 2020, Activision submitted a renewed motion for summary judgment of patent invalidity under 35 U.S.C.
101, and claimed that the asserted patents are directed to patent-ineligible subject matter. Worlds opposed this motion on June
9, 2020, and a hearing was held on July 22, 2020 at 3:00 p.m. The parties proceeded with fact and expert discovery up to and including
April 30, 2021. On April 30, 2021, Judge Casper granted Activision s summary judgment motion, entered an Order finding
that all asserted patents were invalid as directed to patent-ineligible subject matter, and terminated the Company s lawsuit, with
judgment for the Activision Entities. The Company appealed this Order on May 28, 2021 to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the
Federal Circuit, sitting in Washington, D.C. O ral
argument occurred on March 8, 2022. On March 10, 2022, the Federal Circuit issued an Order affirming
the District Court s judgment. 

On June 8, 2022,
the Company petitioned the Supreme Court of the United States for a writ of certiorari, which is the process required for asking the Supreme
Court to review the judgment of the Federal Circuit. 

 The Company
was notified on October 4, 2022, that the Supreme Court has denied the Petition for a writ of certiorari.
The Company has exhausted all legal remedies in this patent infringement case. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

N/A 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER
MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

Our common stock began trading on the OTC Bulletin
Board on October 20, 1998 under the symbol WLDI. On February 11, 2000, in connection with the change in our name from Worlds
Inc. to Worlds.com Inc., our symbol was changed to WDDD. During 2001, our stock was no longer quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board
and was quoted on the Pink Sheets, but returned to the Bulletin Board in the third quarter of 2008. The following table sets forth, for
the periods indicated, the high and low bids for our common stock as reported on the OTC Bulletin Board or the Pink Sheets (rounded to
two decimals and representing interdealer quotations, without retail mark-ups, mark-downs or commissions, and may not necessarily represent
actual transactions). The bids below reflect the reverse 5 to 1 stock split implemented in February 2018. 

Year Ended December 31, 2022: 
 
 High 
 
 Low 
 
 First quarter 

0.09 

0.01 

Second quarter 

0.06 

0.03 

Third quarter 

0.04 

0.01 

Fourth quarter 

0.01 

0.01 

Year Ended December 31, 2021: 
 
 High 
 
 Low 
 
 First quarter 

0.63 

0.30 

Second quarter 

0.49 

0.08 

Third quarter 

0.10 

0.06 

Fourth quarter 

0.07 

0.03 

9 

 Table of Contents 

Holders 

As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 606
shareholders of record of our common stock and an unknown, but assumed to be significant, number of additional holders in street
name . 

Dividends 

We have never paid a cash dividend on our common stock
and do not anticipate paying any dividends in the near future. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021
we did not raise any funds through the sale of equity securities. 

Company Equity Compensation Plans 

The following table sets forth information as of December
31, 2022 with respect to compensation plans (including individual compensation arrangements) under which equity securities of the
Company are authorized for issuance. 

Plan Category 
 
 Number of securities to be 
issued upon exercise of 
outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 
 Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by stockholders 

22,400,000 

0.11 

2,600,000 

Equity compensation plans not approved by stockholders 

3,400,000 

0.325 

Total 

25,800,000 

0.23 

2,600,000 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

Forward Looking Statements 

When used in this Form 10-K and in future filings
by the Company with the Commission, The words or phrases such as anticipate, believe, could, would, 
 should, estimate, expect, intend, may, plan, predict, 
 project, will or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements within the
meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any such
forward looking statements, each of which speak only as of the date made. Such statements are subject to certain risks and
uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical earnings and those presently anticipated or projected. The
Company has no obligation to publicly release the result of any revisions which may be made to any forward-looking statements to reflect
anticipated or unanticipated events or circumstances occurring after the date of such statements. 

10 

 Table of Contents 

These forward-looking statements involve known and
unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to be materially different. These factors include, but are
not limited to, changes that may occur to general economic and business conditions; changes in current pricing levels that we can charge
for our services or which we pay to our suppliers and business partners; changes in political, social and economic conditions in the jurisdictions
in which we operate; changes to regulations that pertain to our operations; changes in technology that render our technology relatively
inferior, obsolete or more expensive compared to others; foreign currency fluctuations; changes in the business prospects of our business
partners and customers; increased competition, including from our business partners; delays in the delivery of broadband capacity to the
homes and offices of persons who use our services; general disruptions to Internet service; and the loss of customer faith in the Internet
as a means of commerce. 

The following discussion should be read in conjunction
with the financial statements and related notes which are included in this report under Item 8. 

We do not undertake to update our forward-looking
statements or risk factors to reflect future events or circumstances. 

Overview 

General 

On May 16, 2011, we transferred, through a spin-off
to our then wholly owned subsidiary, Worlds Online Inc. (currently named MariMed Inc.), the majority of our operations and related operational
assets. We retained our patent portfolio. We also entered into a License Agreement with MariMed Inc. to sublicense patented technologies,
which agreement has since expired. 

At present, the Company s anticipated sources
of revenue will be from any revenue that may be generated from monetizing our collection of non-fungible tokens and our legacy celebrity
virtual reality worlds . 

Revenues 

We generated no revenue during the year because
we transferred the operations of the Company to MariMed Inc. and our other anticipated revenue generation streams did not produce any
income during the quarter. 

Expenses 

We classify our expenses into two broad groups: 

cost of revenues; and 

selling, general and administration. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

We have had to limit our operations since mid- 2001
due to a lack of liquidity. However, we were able to issue equity and convertible debt in the last few years and raise small
amounts of capital from time to time that, prior to the spinoff, was used to enable us to begin upgrading our technology, develop new
products and actively solicit additional business, and more recently to protect, increase and enforce our patent portfolio. 

11 

 Table of Contents 

Although we have been able to generate funds through
our sale of shares of MariMed Inc., we continue to pursue additional sources of capital though we have no current arrangements with respect
to, or sources of, additional financing at this time and there can be no assurance that any such financing will become available. If we
cannot raise additional capital, form an alliance of some nature with another entity, raise more funds through the sale of shares of MariMed
Inc., or start to generate sufficient revenues, we may be unable to purchase additional patents or otherwise expand operations through
acquisition or otherwise. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Year ended December 31, 2022 compared to year ended
December 31, 2021 

Revenue was 0 for the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021. All the operations were transferred over to MariMed Inc. in the spin off. Sine the termination of our
patent infringement lawsuits, the Company s sources of revenue are anticipated to be from monetizing our collection of
non-fungible tokens from our legacy celebrity virtual reality worlds. We still need to raise a sufficient amount of capital to
provide the resources required that would enable us to expand our business. 

Selling general and administrative (S, G A) expenses
decreased by 242,317 from 1,539,998 to 1,297,681 for the year ended December 31, 2022. The decrease is due to a decrease
in legal costs related to the patent infringement litigation cases. 

Salaries and related expenses decreased by 9,319
to 206,013 from 215,332 for the year ended December 31, 2022. Salaries and related are in line with last year and are based on the terms
of the CEO s employment agreement. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
recorded an option expense of 821,995, the estimated fair value of the options issued in the first quarter of 2022. For the year ended
December 31, 2021, the Company recorded 109,874 of option expense. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
had interest expense of 75,883. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company had interest expense of 76,063. 

For the years ended December 31, 2022, the Company
had interest income of 0. For the years ended December 31, 2021, the Company had interest income of 14,194. 

For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company
recorded a loss on issuance of shares for services of 8,685. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
had a gain on sale of marketable securities of 793,391. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company had a gain on sale of marketable
securities of 1,006,588. 

For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company
had income from the settlement of litigation in the amount of 315,000. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, the company
had a loss on impairment of 231,462. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, the company
had a loss on litigation of 17,780. 

As a result of the foregoing, we had a net loss of
 1,035,427 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to a net loss of 614,170 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

12 

 Table of Contents 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

At December 31, 2022, our cash and cash equivalents
were 7,778. We did not raise any additional cash during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

At December 31, 2021, our cash and cash equivalents
were 44,421. 

No capital expenditures were made in 2022 or 2021. 

Our primary cash requirements have been used to fund
the cost of operations including monetizing our collection of non-fungible tokens, lawsuits, and patent enforcement. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

Recently issued accounting standards 

The Company has
reviewed all recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements and does not believe the future adoption of any such pronouncements
may be expected to cause a material impact on its financial condition or the results of its operations. 

13 

 Table of Contents 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS. 

CONTENTS 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

15 

BALANCE SHEETS 

17 

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

18 

STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

19 

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

20 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

21 

14 

 Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

 To the Board of Directors and 
Stockholders of Worlds, Inc. 

 Opinion on the Financial Statements 

 We have audited the accompanying balance sheets
of Worlds, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related statements of operations, stockholders deficit,
and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as
the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of
the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year
period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

 Going Concern 

 The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the
Company has negative cash flow from operations, stockholders deficiency, and a working capital deficiency which raises substantial
doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans regarding those matters are also described in Note 1.
The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

 Basis for Opinion 

 These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

 We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

 Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

 Critical Audit Matters 

 The critical audit matters communicated below
are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to
the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our
especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion
on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate
opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

15 

 Contents 

Going Concern 

 As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial
statements, the Company had a working capital deficiency, net cash used in operations, and a stockholder deficiency. 

 Auditing management s evaluation of a going
concern can be a significant judgement given the fact that the Company uses management estimates on future revenues and expenses which
are not able to be substantiated. 

 To evaluate the appropriateness of the going concern,
we examined and evaluated the financial information that was the initial cause along with management s plans to mitigate going concern
and management s disclosure on going concern. 

/s/ 

We
 have served as the Company s auditor since 2018. 

Firm ID 

March 31, 2023 

16 

 Contents 

Worlds Inc. 

Balance Sheets 

December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Audited 
 Audited 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

ASSETS: 

Current Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Other Assets 

Total Current Assets 

Convertible Note Receivable 

Accrued interest receivable 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT: 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Notes payable exceeding statute of limitations 

Total Current Liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Common stock (Par value authorized shares, issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Additional paid in capital 

Common stock-warrants 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders deficit 

Total Liabilities and stockholders' deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 

17 

 Contents 

Worlds Inc. 

Statements of Operations 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Audited 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Revenues 

Revenue 

Total Revenue 

Cost and Expenses 

Cost of Revenue 

Gross Profit/(Loss) 

Warrant expense 

Selling, General Admin. 

Salaries and related 

Operating loss 

Other Income (Expense) 

Impairment expense 

Loss on issuance of shares for services 

Gain on sale of marketable securities 

Settlement of litigation 

Loss on litigation 

Interest income 

Interest expense 

Net Income/(Loss) 

Weighted Average Income (Loss) per share - basic and diluted 

Weighted Average Common Shares Outstanding - basic and diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 

18 

 Contents 

Worlds Inc. 

Statement of Stockholders' Deficit 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 and 2022 - Audited 

Additional 
 Common 
 
 Total 

Stock 
 Stock 
 Paid-in 
 Stock 
 Accumulated 
 stockholders' 

Shares 
 Amount 
 capital 
 Warrants 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 

Balances, December 31, 2020 

Fair value of stock options 

C ommon stock issued for settlement of accounts payable - related party 

Gain on forgiveness of accounts payable - related party 

Imputed interest 

Net loss 

Balances, December 31, 2021 

Fair value of stock options 

Net loss 

Balances, December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 

19 

 Contents 

Worlds Inc. 

Statements of Cash Flows 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Audited 
 Audited 

12/31/22 
 12/31/21 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net Income/(loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash (used in) operating activities 

Fair value of stock options issued 

Imputed interest 

Loss on shares issued for settlement of accounts payable - related party 

Impairment expense 

Realized gain on sale of marketable securities 

Litigation expense 

Other assets 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Net cash (used in) operating activities: 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Accrued interest receivable - related party 

Cash received from sale of marketable securities 

Cash provided from investing activities: 

Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents, including restricted, beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents, including restricted, end of period 

Non-cash financing activities 

Shares issued for settlement of accounts payable - related party 

Gain on forgiveness of account payable - related party 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid during the year for: 

Interest 

Income taxes 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 

20 

 Contents 

Worlds, Inc. 

 Notes to the Financial Statements 

and a stockholder s deficiency of and used of cash
in operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. This raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. The
ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on the Company s ability to raise additional capital and implement
its business plan. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue
as a going concern. 

Management believes that the actions presently being
taken to obtain additional funding and implement its strategic plans provide the opportunity for the Company to continue as a going concern. 

. When assets are retired
or disposed of, the cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts, and any resulting gains or losses are included in
income. Maintenance and repairs are charged to expense in the period incurred. 

ASC 740 prescribes a comprehensive model for how companies
should recognize, measure, present, and disclose in their financial statements uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken on
a tax return. Under ASC 740, tax positions must initially be recognized in the financial statements when it is more likely than not the
position will be sustained upon examination by the tax authorities. Such tax positions must initially and subsequently be measured as
the largest amount of tax benefit that has a greater than likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement with the tax authority
assuming full knowledge of the position and relevant facts. 

in short term notes outstanding
at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. These are old notes payable for which the statute of limitations has passed and therefore
the Company does not expect it will ever have to repay those notes. 

options and warrants outstanding
and as of December 31, 2021, there were options and warrants outstanding whose effect is anti-dilutive and not included
in diluted net loss per share for December 31, 2022 or for December 31, 2021. The options and warrants may dilute future earnings per
share. 

During 2000 the Company was involved in a lawsuit
relating to unpaid consulting services. In April 2001 a judgment against the Company was rendered for approximately .
As of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, the Company recorded a reserve of 
 for this lawsuit, which is included in accrued expenses in the accompanying balance sheets. 

As part of the judgement on March 18, 2022, the Company
is required to reimburse litigation fees in the amount of . 

Unsecured note payable bearing 10 interest, entire balance of principal and unpaid interest due on demand 

Total notes 

2022 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

The Company accrued interest of on the notes
during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

, the Company had to issue
an additional shares due to rounding. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
issued options. Another options were re-issued to Directors at a new price and an extended term. 

As consideration for the IP in the Asset Purchase
Agreement between the Company and Mr. Kidrin, Mr. Kidrin was granted options at an exercise price of per share for three 
years. The Company recorded an option expense of . The fair market value for Mr. Kidrin s options was calculated using the
Black Scholes method assuming a risk free interest of , dividend yield, volatility of , and an exercise price of per
share with a market price of per share at issuance date and an expected life of . The options vested on January 18, 2022. 

The active directors of the Company received 
 options each on January 3, 2022. The options were for service performed during 2019, 2021 and 2022 which were never issued. The
Company recorded an option expense for these options of 
 for the year ended December 31, 2022. The fair market value for these options was calculated using the Black Scholes method assuming
a risk free interest of ,
 
dividend yield, volatility of ,
and an exercise price of 
 per share with a market price of 
 per share at issuance date and an expected life of . The options vest six months from the date of grant. 

The active directors of the Company had their existing
options repriced and the terms extended another . The total number of options that were repriced on February 16, 2022 was .
The Company recorded an option expense for these options of 
 for the year ended December 31, 2022. The fair market value for these options was calculated using the Black Scholes method
assuming a risk free interest of ,
 
dividend yield, volatility of ,
and an exercise price of 
 per share with a market price of 
 per share at issuance date and an expected life of . The options are all vested upon date of grant. 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company
issued shares of common stock as settlement of accounts payable to a related party. The value of the shares at the date of issuance
was resulting in a loss of . 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company
recorded an option expense of representing the amortization of the value of the options issued in 2020 that had not yet vested. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
recorded an option expense of . 

Total 

Exercisable 

Total 

that expire in various years through the year 2041. 

Due to net operating loss carry forwards and operating
losses, there is no provision for current federal or state income taxes for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects
of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amount used for
federal and state income tax purposes. 

The Company s deferred tax asset at December
31, 2022 consists of net operating loss carry forwards calculated using federal and state effective tax rates equating to approximately
 less a valuation
allowance in the amount of approximately .
Because of the Company s lack of earnings history, the deferred tax asset has been fully offset by a valuation allowance. The valuation
allowance increased by approximately 
 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and increased by approximately 
 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

The Company s total deferred tax asset as of
December 31, 2022, and 2021 are as follows: 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax asset 

The reconciliation of income taxes computed at the federal and state statutory
income tax rate to total income taxes for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 is as follows: 

Income tax computed at the state statutory rate 

Valuation allowance 

Total deferred tax asset 

On December 22, 2017, the 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act
(the Tax Act) was enacted into law and the new legislation contains several key tax provisions that affected us, including a one -time
mandatory transition tax on accumulated foreign earnings and a reduction of the corporate income tax rate to effective January 1,
2018, among others. We are required to recognize the effect of the tax law changes in the period of enactment, such as determining the
transition tax, remeasuring our U.S. deferred tax assets and liabilities as well as reassessing the net realizability of our deferred
tax asset and liabilities. In December 2017, the SEC staff issued Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 118, Income Tax Accounting Implications
of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (SAB 118), which allows us to record provisional amounts during a measurement period not to extend beyond
one year of the enactment date. 

years with a -year renewal option
held by Mr. Kidrin. The agreement provides for a base salary of , which increases on September 1 of each year; a monthly
car allowance of ; an annual bonus equal to of Pre-Tax Income (as defined in the agreement); an additional bonus as follows:
 , if Pre-Tax Income for the year is between and of the prior fiscal year s Pre-Tax Income or (B) , if Pre-Tax
Income for the year is between and of the prior fiscal year s Pre-Tax Income or (C) , if Pre-Tax Income for the
year is or greater than the prior fiscal year s Pre-Tax Income, but in no event shall this additional bonus exceed five percent of Pre-Tax Income for such year; payment of up to in life insurance premiums; options to purchase million shares of
Worlds Inc. common stock at an exercise price of per share, million of which vested on August 28, 2018, million vested on August 28, 2019 and the remaining million vested on August 28, 2020 ; a death benefit of at least million dollars;
and a payment equal to times his base amount (as defined in the agreement) in the event of a Change of Control (as defined in the
agreement). The agreement also provides that Mr. Kidrin can be terminated for cause (as defined in the agreement) and that he is
subject to restrictive covenants for months after termination. 

As part of the judgement on March 18, 2022, the Company is required
to reimburse litigation fees in the amount of 

options at an exercise
price of per share for three years. 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company
issued shares of common stock to Chris Ryan, our CFO as settlement of amounts previously recorded. The value of the shares on
the date of issuance was . The Company recorded a loss of on the issuance of the shares. 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company
recorded a gain on forgiveness of accounts payable related party due to the Company s CFO in the amount of . 

The Company paid to the CFO, Chris Ryan, over
the year ended December 31, 2021, and for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

The balance in the accrued expense attributable to
related parties is and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

See note 11 for a discussion on the convertible note
receivable from the related party. 

patents, 
- - , - , 

 ,
 
and 8,640,028. All of the patents have expired. 

See Legal Proceedings section for more information
on the patent infringement lawsuits. 

shares of common stock in Worlds Online Inc. (now named MariMed Inc.). 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
generated net cash of from the sale of shares of MariMed Inc. common stock. The average price was per share. 

During the year ended December 31, 2021 the Company
generated net cash of from the sale of shares of MariMed Inc. common stock during the year ended December 31, 2021
and shares of MariMed Inc. common stock at the end of December 2020 which was not transferred to the Company s bank account
until January of 2021. The average price per share was per share. 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company still owns approximately
 shares of MariMed Inc. common stock. 

Those shares were retained on the books of the Company
with a book value of . 

owed to related
parties. is related to a judgment against the Company relating to unpaid consulting services dating back to April of 2001. 
is related to old accruals for which the statute of limitations has passed and therefore the Company does not expect it will ever have
to repay those amounts. is related to a judgement on March 18, 2022 relating to the reimbursement of legal fees. The balance of
 is related to accruals for recurring operating expenses. 

to Canadian American Standard Hemp (CASH). The convertible note has a 
 annual interest rate and matures in 
years. Interest and principle is payable at maturity. The note can be converted at any time, either all or part of the amount due can
be converted into the borrower s equity. During the year ended December 31, 2020, CASH merged with Real Brands, Inc. The note was
amended with a new maturity date of October 15, 2023. All other terms remained the same. As consideration for the extension, the Company
received million warrants to purchase Real Brands, Inc. common stock at 
 per share. The convertible note and accrued interest of 
 can be converted into 
 shares of Real Brands common stock at a conversion price of .
If converted into common stock, the Company would own approximately 
 of Real Brands Inc. Messrs. Kidrin, Toboroff and Christos are Directors of Real Brands and Mr. Kidrin is the CEO and Mr. Ryan
is the CFO of Real Brands. Due to doubts about the collectability and the declining stock price of Real Brands Inc.,
the Company elected to impair the asset and recognize a loss on impairment of . 

. 

30 

 Contents 

ITEM 9. CHANGES
IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision
and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer of the effectiveness
of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a 15 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange Act as of the end of the period covered by this annual report on Form 10-K. Based upon that evaluation, our principal
executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that, as of the end of the period covered in this report, our disclosure controls
and procedures were not effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports filed under the Exchange Act is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the required time periods and is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our
principal executive officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Our principal executive officer and principal financial
officer does not expect that our disclosure controls or internal controls will prevent all error and all fraud. Although our disclosure
controls and procedures were designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and our principal executive officer
and principal financial officer has determined that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective at doing so, a control system,
no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute assurance that the objectives of the system are met.
Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be
considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide
absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations
include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake.
Additionally, controls can be circumvented if there exists in an individual a desire to do so. There can be no assurance that any design
will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. 

Furthermore, smaller reporting companies may face
additional limitations. Smaller reporting companies often employ fewer individuals and find it difficult to properly segregate duties.
Often, one or two individuals control every aspect of the Company s operation and are in a position to override any system of internal
control. Additionally, smaller reporting companies may utilize general accounting software packages that lack a rigorous set of software
controls. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial
Reporting. 

Our management is responsible for establishing and
maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a- 15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act, as amended.
Management, with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s internal control
over financial reporting as of December 31, 2020. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013 Framework). A material
weakness is a deficiency, or a 

31 

 Table of Contents 

combination of deficiencies, in internal control
over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company s annual or interim
financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. We have identified the following material weaknesses: 

1. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we did not maintain effective controls over the control environment. The Board of Directors does not currently have any director that qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in Item 407(d)(5)(ii) of Regulation S-K. 

2. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we did not maintain effective controls over financial statement disclosure. Specifically, controls were not designed and in place to ensure that all disclosures required were originally addressed in our financial statements. Accordingly, management has determined that this control deficiency constitutes a material weakness. 

3. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we did not establish a formal written policy for the approval, identification and authorization of related party transactions. 

Because of these material weaknesses, management has
concluded that the Company did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the
criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the COSO. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There have been no changes in the Company s
internal control over financial reporting during the year ended December 31, 2022, that materially affected, or are reasonably likely
to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 

None. 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE. 

The following table sets forth the name, age and position
of our directors and executive officers. Our directors are elected annually and serve until the next annual meeting of stockholders. Except
for Mr. Kidrin, all of our directors are independent. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Thomas Kidrin 

70 

President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, Treasurer, Director 
 
 Christopher J. Ryan 

62 

Vice President-Finance, Principal Accounting and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Peter N. Christos 

65 

Director 
 
 Leonard Toboroff 

89 

Director 

32 

 Table of Contents 

Thomas Kidrin became a director on October 1997 and
has been president, secretary and treasurer from December 1997 through July 2007 then added the title chief executive officer since August
2007. Mr. Kidrin was also president and a director of Worlds Acquisition Corp. from April 1997 to December 1997. He has been the chairman
and president of Datastream Corporation, a designer and developer of interactive products and services, since 1993. From December
1991 to June 1996, Mr. Kidrin was a founder, director, and President of UC Television Network Corp., a company engaged in the design and
manufacture of interactive entertainment/advertising networks in the college market under the brand name College Television Network, the
largest private network on college campuses in the United States sold to MTV in 1996 now operating under MTVU. Mr. Kidrin is a director
of MariMed Inc. and was its CEO from its inception in 2011 until July 20, 2017. Mr. Kidrin has attended Drake University and the New School
of Social Research. 

Christopher J. Ryan has been Vice President-Finance
since May 2000 and principal accounting and finance officer since August 2000. From August 1991 through April 2000, Mr. Ryan held a variety
of financial management positions at Reuters America, an information services company. From 2001 through 2003, Mr. Ryan was
the founder and President of CJR Advisory Services, a personal corporation through which he provided financial consulting services to
various entities. From 2004 to 2010, Mr. Ryan was the CFO of Peminic, Inc. From 2008 to 2012 Mr. Ryan served as
the CFO of Conversive Inc. Mr. Ryan was the CFO of MariMed Inc. from its inception in 2011 until July 20, 2017. Mr. Ryan is an inactive
certified public accountant. He is a graduate of Montclair State University in New Jersey and received an M.B.A. degree from Fordham University. 

Leonard Toboroff became a Director on August 28, 2018.
He is a Director of Asset Alliance Corp., an alternative investment company since April 2011 and of NOVT Corporation, a developer of advanced
medical treatments for coronary and vascular disease since April of 2006. He was a founder and director of Steel Partners Acquisition
Corp. from June 2007 to June 2009. He was Executive Director of Corinthian Capital Group, LLC a private equity fund from October
2005 to June 2008. He was Director and Vice Chairman of Varsity Brands, Inc. (formally Riddell Sports Inc.) a provider of goods and
services to the school spirit industry, from April 1998 until it was sold in September 2003. He was Vice Chairman
of the Board of Allis-Chalmers Energy Inc. a provider of products and services to the oil and gas industry from May 1988
and served as Executive Vice President from May 1989 until February 2002. He has served as Chairman or Vice Chairman of
American Bakeries Co., Ameriscribe Corporation and Saratoga Spring Water Co. and as a Director of ENGEX Corp, a closed-end mutual fund.
He received his undergraduate degree from Syracuse University and his law degree from the University of Michigan Law School. He is a member
of the U.S. Supreme Court Historical Society. 

Peter N. Christos became
a director on August 28, 2018. He is the founder (June 2005) and Executive Chairman of Abacos Ventures, LLC. Since June 2015, he
has been Chairman of Real Brands, Inc. an owner, developer and acquirer of consumer brands, and in 2018 became a founding Independent
Director of Canadian American Standard Hemp, Inc. As a former Wall Street executive with 30+ years of experience, and an
entrepreneur, he has been a co-founder in both private and public companies including but not limited to: Co-founder, Executive
Chairman of DealerCats, Inc.; a co-founder, Chairman and CEO of AND Interactive Communications Corp., a private software company acquired
in 1994 by TCI Technology Ventures, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of TCI, now Comcast Corp. on NASDAQ; a co-founder of AquaCare Systems,
Inc., a start-up that completed several acquisitions prior and post its IPO on NASDAQ; TransAmerican Waste Industries, Inc., from start-up
to IPO on NASDAQ and then acquired via merger in 1998 by USA Waste Industries, Inc. now Waste Management, Inc. on the NYSE; Sparta Pharmaceuticals,
Inc., from start-up to IPO on NASDAQ and was acquired in 1999 by SuperGen, Inc. on NASDAQ; and CTN Media Group, Inc., aka College Television
Network, from start-up to IPO on NASDAQ and acquired in 2002 by MTV Networks, division of Viacom, Inc. on the NYSE. He has been a Managing
Director of Investment Banking firms in NYC including but not limited to the founding Chairman/CEO of Adelphia Capital, LLC, a former
(NASD/FINRA) member firm, and Adelphia Holdings, LLC, and Adelphia Partners, LLC, and for nearly 10 years managed investment banking,
and all direct investments for Adelphia related entities. He was an EVP, Partner and co-head of the NYC office of the investment banking
firm of Bannon Co., which was subsequently sold to French bank Soci t G n rale, which merged with Cowen
 Company. Prior to, he was a Managing Director of the Corporate Finance Department and the Managing 

33 

 Table of Contents 

Director of the New Venture Group
of D. H. Blair Investment Banking Corp. and its predecessor NYSE member firm. Prior to, he worked as a Managing Director in the Corporate
Finance Department of Muller Company, Inc. a NYSE member firm. 

The board of directors met once during the year
ended 2022 and acted by written consent. The board does not have any standing committees and when necessary, the entire board acts to perform such
functions. 

Family Relationships 

None. 

Legal
Proceedings 

The Company has sought damages for patent infringement
of the Company s patents. The Company's lawsuit against the Activision entities was filed in 2012, with U.S. District Judge
Casper presiding over these proceedings. This lawsuit was stayed in 2015 pending the outcome of six Inter Partes Review IPR petitions filed by Bungie, Inc. to the U.S. Patent Trademark Office's Patent Trial and Appeal Board PTAB ). 
Those IPR proceedings were finally concluded in Company's favor on January 14, 2020, with each of the challenged patents and the majority
of the challenged claims surviving Bungie's challenges. Returning to its District Court litigation, the Company asked that Judge
Casper lift the stay and allow the Company to proceed in its lawsuit for patent infringement of the Company s patents against the
Activision entities. 

On April 17, 2020, Judge Casper issued an Order lifting
the stay, and setting a pre-trial schedule with a final pretrial conference and trial to occur at a date to be determined after September
24, 2021. On May 19, 2020, Activision submitted a renewed motion for summary judgment of patent invalidity under 35 U.S.C.
101, and claimed that the asserted patents are directed to patent-ineligible subject matter. Worlds opposed this motion on June
9, 2020, and a hearing was held on July 22, 2020 at 3:00 p.m. The parties proceeded with fact and expert discovery up to and including
April 30, 2021. On April 30, 2021, Judge Casper granted Activision s summary judgment motion, entered an Order finding
that all asserted patents were invalid as directed to patent-ineligible subject matter, and terminated the Company s lawsuit, with
judgment for the Activision Entities. The Company appealed this Order on May 28, 2021 to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the
Federal Circuit, sitting in Washington, D.C. O ral
argument occurred on March 8, 2022. On March 10, 2022, the Federal Circuit issued an Order affirming
the District Court s judgment. As part of the judgment the Company had a loss on litigation in the amount of 17,780. 

On June 8, 2022,
the Company petitioned the Supreme Court of the United States for a writ of certiorari, which is the process required for asking the Supreme
Court to review the judgment of the Federal Circuit. 

 The Company
was notified on October 4, 2022, that the Supreme Court has denied the Petition for a writ of certiorari.
The Company has exhausted all legal remedies in this patent infringement case. 

Audit Committee 

 We do not have
a separately designated standing audit committee. Pursuant to Section 3(a)(58)(B) of the Exchange Act, the entire Board of Directors
acts as an audit committee for the purpose of overseeing the accounting and financial reporting processes, and audits of our financial
statements. The Commission recently adopted new regulations relating to audit committee composition and functions, including disclosure
requirements relating to the presence of an audit committee financial expert serving on its audit committee. We
are not in a position at this time to attract, retain and compensate additional directors in order to acquire a director who qualifies
as an audit committee financial expert or to so designate one of our current directors, but we intend to either retain an
additional director who will qualify as such an expert or designate one of our current directors as such an expert, as soon as reasonably
practicable. Our current directors, by virtue of their past employment experience, have considerable knowledge of financial statements,
finance, and accounting, and have significant employment experience involving financial oversight responsibilities. Accordingly, we believe
that our current directors capably fulfill the duties and responsibilities of an audit committee in the absence of such a designated
expert at this time. 

34 

 Table of Contents 

Code of Ethics 

 We have adopted a code of ethic (the Code of
Ethics that applies to our principal chief executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller,
or persons performing similar functions. A copy of the Code of Ethics was filed as Exhibit 14.1 to a previous annual report.
The Code of Ethics is being designed with the intent to deter wrongdoing, and to promote the following: 

Honest and ethical conduct, including the ethical handling of actual or apparent conflicts of interest between personal and professional relationships 

Full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure in reports and documents that we file with, or submit to, the Commission and in other public communications we make 

Compliance with applicable governmental laws, rules and regulations 

The prompt internal reporting of violations of the code to an appropriate person or persons identified in the code 

Accountability for adherence to the code 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Under
Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act, all executive officers, directors, and each person who is the beneficial owner of more than 10 of
the common stock of a company that files reports pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act, are required to report the ownership of such
common stock, options, and stock appreciation rights (other than certain cash-only rights) and any changes in that ownership with the
Commission. Specific due dates for these reports have been established, and we are required to report, in this Form 10-K, any failure
to comply therewith during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. We believe that all of these filing requirements were
satisfied by its executive officers, directors and by the beneficial owners of more than 10 of our common stock except that each director
did not file one Form 4 and one executive did not file one Form 4. In making this statement, we have relied solely on copies of any reporting
forms received by us, and upon any written representations received from reporting persons that no Form 5 (Annual Statement of Changes
in Beneficial Ownership) was required to be filed under applicable rules of the Commission. 

35 

 Table of Contents 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The following table sets forth the compensation paid
by us during the fiscal periods ending December 31, 2022, and 2021, to our chief executive officer, chief financial officer and to our
other most highly compensated executive officers whose compensation exceeded 100,000 for those fiscal periods. 

SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE (1)(2) 
 
 Name and principal position 
(a) 

Year 
 (b) 

Salary 
 ) 
 (c) 
 
 Bonus ) 
(d) 

Stock Awards ) 
 (e) 

Option Awards ) 
 (f) 
 
 Securities underlying options 
(g) 
 
 All Other Compensation ) 
(i) 

Total 
 ) 
 (j) 

Thomas Kidrin 
President and CEO 
 
 2022 

200,000(3) 

0 

200,000(3) 

2021 

207,692(3) 

0 

207,692(3) 

Chris Ryan, CFO 
 
 2021 

0(4) 

0 

0 

2020 

9,000(4) 

9,000 

9,000 

(1) The above compensation does not include other
personal benefits, the total value of which do not exceed 10,000. 

(2) Pursuant to the regulations promulgated by the
SEC, the table omits columns reserved for types of compensation not applicable to us. 

(3) Mr. Kidrin has an employment agreement effective
August 30, 2018 with a base annual salary of 200,000 with annual 10 increases every September 1. 

(4) Mr. Ryan has deferred a portion of his compensation
in 2022 and 2021. 

Stock Option Grants 

The following table sets forth information as of December 31,
2022 concerning unexercised options, unvested stock and equity incentive plan awards on a post reverse split 5 for 1 basis for the executive
officers named in the Summary Compensation Table. 

36 

 Table of Contents 

OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT YEAR-ENDED DECEMBER
31, 2022 

N ame 
 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable 
 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable 
 
 Equity Incentive Plans Awards: Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options (#) 
 
 Option Exercise Price 
 
 Option Expiration Date 

Thom Kidrin 

5,000,000 

0 

0 

0.25 

08-27-23 
 
 Christopher Ryan 

300,000 

0 

0 

0.26 

11-16-25 

Compensation of Directors 

On September 5, 2007, the Board of Directors adopted
a compensation program for the directors whereby each director will receive compensation in the form of stock options for serving on the
board. Five-year non-qualified stock options to purchase 100,000 shares of the Corporation s common stock are to be granted annually
on January 1 to each director then in office at an exercise price equal to the last reported trading price of our common stock on that
day, with such option to vest in 12 months, provided the director serves for at least six months, following the date of grant. In
addition, every director upon first joining our board receives 150,000 stock options that vest immediately and are exercisable for five
years at a price equal to the last reported trading price of our common stock on that day. 

The following table sets forth information concerning
the compensation paid to each of our non-employee directors during 2022 for their services rendered as directors. 

DIRECTOR COMPENSATION 

Name 

Fees Earned or Paid in Cash 
 ) 

Stock 
 Awards ) 

Option 
 Awards ) (1) 

All Other 
 Compensation ) 

Total 
 ) 

Leonard Toboroff 

0 

0 

29,279 

29,279 

Peter N.
 Christos 

0 

0 

29,279 

29,279 

(1) This column represents the dollar amount recognized
for financial statement reporting purposes with respect to the 2022 fiscal year for the fair value of stock options granted to the named
director in fiscal year 2021, in accordance with SFAS 123R. Pursuant to SEC rules, the amounts shown exclude the impact of estimated forfeitures
related to service-based vesting conditions. These amounts reflect our accounting expense for these awards, and do not correspond to the
actual value that will be recognized from these awards by the named director. 

37 

 Table of Contents 

Employment Agreements 

The Company is committed to an employment agreement
with its President and CEO, Thom Kidrin. The agreement, dated as of August 28, 2018, is for five years with a one-year renewal option
held by Mr. Kidrin. Mr. Kidrin exercised his one-year renewal option. The agreement provides for a base salary of 200,000, which
increases 10 on September 1 of each year; a monthly car allowance of 500; an annual bonus equal to 2.5 of Pre-Tax Income (as defined
in the agreement); an additional bonus as follows: 75,000, if Pre-Tax Income for the year is between 150 and 200 of the prior fiscal
year s Pre-Tax Income or (B) 100,000, if Pre-Tax Income for the year is between 201 and 250 of the prior fiscal year s
Pre-Tax Income or (C) 200,000, if Pre-Tax Income for the year is 251 or greater than the prior fiscal year s Pre-Tax Income,
but in no event shall this additional bonus exceed five (5 percent of Pre-Tax Income for such year; payment of up to 10,000 in life
insurance premiums; options to purchase 5 million shares of Worlds Inc. common stock at an exercise price of 0.25 per share, 2
million shares vested on August 28, 2018, 1.5 million shares vest on August 28, 2019 and 1.5 million shares vest on August 28, 2020;
a death benefit of at least 2 million dollars; and a payment equal to 2.99 times his base amount (as defined in the agreement) in the
event of a Change of Control (as defined in the agreement). The agreement also provides that Mr. Kidrin can be terminated for cause
(as defined in the agreement) and that he is subject to restrictive covenants for 12 months after termination. 

Stock Option Plan 

On September 4, 2007, our board of directors adopted
the 2007 Stock Option Plan which was presented to our shareholders for their approval at an annual meeting. The plan provides
for the issuance of up to 25 million options of which not more than 22 million can be incentive stock options. 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation

One of our directors held the same position with our
former subsidiary, Worlds Online Inc. (currently named MariMed Inc.), although it is the intent that our current non-employee directors
will only serve during a transition period not to exceed 12 months that transition had been extended longer than initially anticipated.
That director passed away in January of 2023. In addition, our CEO was the CEO of MariMed from inception in 2011 until July 20, 2017 when
he was replace by another of our directors and our CFO was the CFO of MariMed from inception in 2011 until July 20, 2017. We do not have
a compensation committee and all of our directors perform the function of a compensation committee, except that Mr. Kidrin, our president
and CEO, does not participate in any deliberations with respect to his compensation and physically removes himself from the presence of
the other directors while they deliberate over his compensation and bonuses. Accordingly, Mr. Kidrin, who is both our president and CEO
and was a director of MariMed Inc. until June 2019, and until July 20, 2017 was also its CEO and Mr. Fireman who was one of our directors
and was a director of MariMed Inc. and its CEO since July 20, 2017 may be deemed to fall within the parameters of a compensation committee
interlock. To address this situation, as described above, Mr. Kidrin recuses himself from all deliberations of the board with respect
to his compensation. 

38 

 Table of Contents 

SECURITIES AUTHORIZED FOR ISSUANCE UNDER EQUITY
COMPENSATION PLANS ON A POST REVERSE SPLIT (5:1) BASIS 

Name 

Number of 
 Securities Underlying 
 Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable 

Number of 
 Securities 
 Underlying 
 Unexercised Options (#) 
 Unexercisable 

Equity Incentive Plan Awards: 
 Number of 
 Securities 
 Underlying 
 Unexercised 
 Unearned Options (#) 

Option 
 Exercise Price 
 ) 

Option 
 Expiration Date 

Thom Kidrin 

5,000,000 

0 

0 

0.25 

08-28-23 
 
 Christopher Ryan 

300,000 

0 

0 

0.26 

11-16-25 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

The following table sets forth as of February 1, 2023,
certain information with respect to the beneficial ownership of Common Stock by (i) each Director, nominee and executive officer of us;
(ii) each person who owns beneficially more than 5 of the common stock; and (iii) all Directors, nominees and executive officers as a
group. The percentage of shares beneficially owned is based on there having been 57,112,506 shares of common stock outstanding as of such
date. 

OFFICERS, DIRECTORS AND BENEFICIAL OWNERS, AS OF FEBRUARY
1, 2023 

Name Address of Beneficial Owner(1) 
 
 Amount Nature of Beneficial Owner 
 
 of Class(2) 
 
 Thomas Kidrin 

21,000,000(3) 

27.2 

Christopher Ryan 

974,929(4) 

1.7 

Leonard Toboroff 

650,000(5) 

1.1 

Peter N. Christos 

650,000(5) 

1.1 

All directors and executive officers as a group (one person) 

22,274,929(6) 

less than 1 

(1) Unless stated otherwise, the business address
for each person named is Worlds Inc., 11 Royal Road, Brookline, MA 02445. 

(2) Calculated pursuant to Rule 13d-3(d) (1) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Under Rule 13d-3(d), shares not outstanding which are subject to options, warrants, rights or conversion
privileges exercisable within 60 days are deemed outstanding for the purpose of calculating the number and percentage owned by a person,
but not deemed outstanding for the purpose of calculating the percentage owned by each other person listed. We believe that each individual
or entity named has sole investment and voting power with respect to the shares of common stock indicated as beneficially owned by them
(subject to community property laws where applicable) and except where otherwise noted. 

(3) Includes 20 million currently exercisable stock
options 

(4) Includes 300,000 currently exercisable stock options. 

(5) Consists of 650,000 stock options which are currently
exercisable. 

39 

 Table of Contents 

(6) Includes 21,600,000 currently exercisable stock
options. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS,
AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

We are not currently subject to the requirements of
any stock exchange or inter-dealer quotation system with respect to having a majority of independent directors although
we believe that we meet that standard inasmuch as Messrs. Toboroff and Christos are independent and only Mr. Kidrin, by
virtue of being our president and CEO, is not independent. Although we are not currently subject to such rule, the independence of our
directors meets the definition of such term as contained in NASDAQ Rule 5605(a)(2). We currently own less than 1 of the outstanding common
stock of our former wholly-owned subsidiary, MariMed Inc., and its former CEO and Director was also a Director of the Company up until
the time of his death in January 2023. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. 

Fees Billed For Audit and Non-Audit Services 

The following table represents the aggregate fees
billed for professional audit services rendered by the independent auditors, M K CPAS PLLC M K ), for our audit
of the annual financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. M K was retained on December 12, 2018 after the
Company was informed by L L of its intent to resign for reason that it would not be able to comply with Section 10A of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 and Section 203 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 which prohibit a registered public accounting firm from providing
audit services to an issuer if the audit partner having primary responsibility for the audit, or the audit partner responsible for reviewing
the audit, has performed audit services for that issuer in each of the five previous fiscal years of that issuer. L L (then operating
under its previous name) was retained as our auditor in 2007. Audit fees and other fees of auditors are listed as follows: 

Year Ended December 31 
 
 2022 
 
 2021 

M K 
 
 M K/L L 

Audit Fees (1) 

25,400 
 (2) 

23,000 

Audit-Related Fees (3) 

Tax Fees (4) 

All Other Fees (5) 

Total Accounting Fees and Services 

25,400 

23,000 

40 

 Table of Contents 

(1) 
 Audit Fees . These are fees for professional services for the audit of our annual financial statements, and for the review of the financial statements included in our filings on Form 10-Q, and for services that are normally provided in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. 

(2) 
 The amounts shown for the audit firms in 2022 and 2021 relate to (i) the audit of our annual financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, and (ii) the review of the financial statements included in our filings on Form 10-Q for the first, second and third quarters of 2022 and 2021. 

(3) 
 Audit-Related Fees . These are fees for the assurance and related services reasonably related to the performance of the audit or the review of our financial statements. 

(4) 
 Tax Fees . These are fees for professional services with respect to tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning. 

(5) 
 All Other Fees . These are fees for permissible work that does not fall within any of the other fee categories, i.e., Audit Fees, Audit-Related Fees, or Tax Fees. 

Pre-Approval Policy For
Audit and Non-Audit Services 

 We do not have a standing audit committee, and the
full Board performs all functions of an audit committee, including the pre-approval of all audit and non-audit services before we engage
an accountant. All of the services rendered to us by M K CPAS PLLC and L L CPAS, P.A. were pre-approved by our Board of Directors. 

We are presently working with our legal counsel to
establish formal pre-approval policies and procedures for future engagements of our accountants. The new policies and procedures will
be detailed as to the particular service, will require that the Board or an audit committee thereof be informed of each service, and will
prohibit the delegation of pre-approval responsibilities to management. It is currently anticipated that our new policy will provide (i)
for an annual pre-approval, by the Board or audit committee, of all audit, audit-related and non-audit services proposed to be rendered
by the independent auditor for the fiscal year, as specifically described in the auditor's engagement letter, and (ii) that additional
engagements of the auditor, which were not approved in the annual pre-approval process, and engagements that are anticipated to exceed
previously approved thresholds, will be presented on a case-by-case basis, by the President, for pre-approval by the Board or audit committee,
before management engages the auditors for any such purposes. The new policy and procedures may authorize the Board or audit committee
to delegate, to one or more of its members, the authority to pre-approve certain permitted services, provided that the
estimated fee for any such service does not exceed a specified dollar amount (to be determined). All pre-approvals shall be contingent
on a finding, by the Board, audit committee, or delegate, as the case may be, that the provision of the proposed services is compatible
with the maintenance of the auditor's independence in the conduct of its auditing functions. In no event shall any non-audit related service
be approved that would result in the independent auditor no longer being considered independent under the applicable rules and regulations
of the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

41 

 Table of Contents 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS. 

3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation (a) 

3.2 
 
 By-Laws- Restated as Amended (b) 

4.1 
 
 2007 Stock Option Plan (c) 

10.2 
 
 Employment Agreement between the Registrant and Thom Kidrin (d) 

14.1 
 
 Code of Ethics (e) 

31.1 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certifications of Chief Executive Officer 

31.2 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certifications of Chief Financial Officer 

32.1 
 
 Section 1350 Certifications of Chief Executive Officer 

32.2 
 
 Section 1350 Certifications of Chief Financial Officer 

101.INS XBRL 
 
 Instance Document 

101.SCH XBRL 
 
 Taxonomy Extension Schema 

101.CAL XBRL 
 
 Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 

101.DEF XBRL 
 
 Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 

101.LAB XBRL 
 
 Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 

101.PRE XBRL 
 
 Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 

(a) 
 Filed previously with the Proxy Statement Form DEF 14A on May, 19, 2010, as amended as described in Proxy Statements on Form DEF 14A filed on June 7, 2013 and May 17, 2016, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (b) 
 Filed previously with the Proxy Statement Form DEF 14A on May, 19, 2010, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (c) 
 Filed previously as an exhibit to Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 7, 2007, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (d) 
 Filed previously as an exhibit to Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 4, 2018, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (e) 
 Filed previously as an exhibit to Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-KSB filed on April 3, 2008, and incorporated herein by reference. 

Filed herewith 

42 

 Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 

In accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Dated: March 31, 2023 
 WORLDS INC. 

(Registrant) 

By: /s/ Thomas Kidrin 
 Name: Thomas Kidrin 
 Title: President and Chief Executive
 Officer 

In accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signatures 
 
 Title 

Date 

/s/ Thomas Kidrin 
 Thomas Kidrin 
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 

March 31, 2023 

/s/ Christopher J. Ryan 
 Christopher J. Ryan 
 
 Vice President - Finance and Principal Accounting and Financial Officer 

March 31, 2023 

/s/ Leonard Toboroff 
 Leonard Toboroff 
 
 Director 

March 31, 2023 

/s/ Peter N. Christos 
 Peter N. Christos 
 
 Director 

March 31, 2023 

43 

 Table of Contents 

<EX-101.SCH>
 3
 wddd-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 5
 wddd-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 6
 wddd-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 7
 wddd-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-31.1>
 8
 ex31_1.htm
 CERTIFICATIONS OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

EXHIBIT 31.1 

 Certifications 

I, Thomas Kidrin, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K
of Worlds Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures,
or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to
the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's
disclosure controls and procedures, and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the
registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I
have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the
audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses
in the design or operation of internal control which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 

/s/ Thomas Kidrin 

 Thomas Kidrin 

 Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 9
 ex31_2.htm
 CERTIFICATIONS OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

EXHIBIT 31.2 

 Certifications 

 I, Christopher J. Ryan, Principal Accounting and Financial
Officer, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report
on Form 10-K of Worlds Inc.; 

 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures,
or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to
the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's
disclosure controls and procedures, and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the
registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I
have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the
audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses
in the design or operation of internal control which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 

/s/ Christopher J. Ryan 

 Christopher J. Ryan 

 Principal Accounting and Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 10
 ex32_1.htm
 SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Worlds Inc.
(the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the
date hereof (the Report ), I, Thomas Kidrin, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350,
as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, based on my knowledge: 

(1) 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, our financial condition and result of operations. 

WORLDS INC. 

(Registrant) 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 By: /s/ Thomas Kidrin 

Thomas Kidrin 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 11
 ex32_2.htm
 SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Worlds Inc.
(the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the
date hereof (the Report ), I, Christopher J. Ryan, Principal Accounting and Financial Officer of the Company, certifies, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, based on my knowledge: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, our financial condition and result of operations. 

WORLDS INC. 

(Registrant) 
 
 Date: March 31, 2023 

By: /s/ Christopher J. Ryan 

Christopher J. Ryan 

Principal Accounting and Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

