<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230310_10-K_edgar_data_1018164_0001018164-23-000006.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11568928</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>269161</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1768391</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3699358</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2994290</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2644177</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001018164-23-000006.hdr.sgml : 20230310
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230310084506
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001018164-23-000006
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		94
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230310
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230310

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WILLIS LEASE FINANCE CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001018164
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-MACHINERY, EQUIPMENT & SUPPLIES [5080]
		IRS NUMBER:				680070656
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-15369
		FILM NUMBER:		23721744

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4700 LYONS TECHNOLOGY PARKWAY
		CITY:			COCONUT CREEK
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33073
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5613499989

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4700 LYONS TECHNOLOGY PARKWAY
		CITY:			COCONUT CREEK
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33073

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001018164-23-000006.txt : 20230310

10-K
 1
 wlfc-20221231.htm
 10-K

wlfc-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 Commission File Number: 
 ORATION 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (IRS Employer Identification No.) 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol Name of exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None. 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large Accelerated Filer 

Non-Accelerated Filer 
 
 Smaller Reporting Company 
 
 Emerging Growth Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter (June 30, 2022) was approximately million (based on a closing sale price of 37.48 per share as reported on the NASDAQ Stock Market). 
 The number of shares of the registrant s Common Stock outstanding as of March 7, 2023 was . 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 

 WILLIS LEASE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 2022 FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 PART I 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 3 
 Item 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 9 
 Item 1B 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 23 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 23 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 24 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 24 
 PART II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters 
 24 
 Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 25 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 25 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 33 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 34 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 34 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 34 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 35 
 PART III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant 
 35 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 35 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 35 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 
 35 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 35 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 35 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 39 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 
 INTRODUCTION 
 
 Willis Lease Finance Corporation with its subsidiaries WLFC or the Company is a leading lessor and servicer of commercial aircraft and aircraft engines. Our principal business objective is to build value for our shareholders by acquiring commercial aircraft and engines and managing those assets in order to provide a return on investment, primarily through lease rent and maintenance reserve revenues, as well as through management fees earned for managing assets owned by other parties. As of December 31, 2022, we had 2,111.9 million of equipment held in our operating lease portfolio, 81.4 million of notes receivable, 17.7 million of maintenance rights, and 6.4 million of investments in sales-type leases, which represented 339 engines, 13 aircraft, one marine vessel and other leased parts and equipment with 80 lessees in 41 countries. In addition to our owned portfolio, as of December 31, 2022, we managed a total lease portfolio of 324 engines, aircraft and related equipment for other parties. 
 
 Willis Aeronautical Services, Inc. Willis Aero is a wholly-owned and vertically-integrated subsidiary whose primary focus is the sale of aircraft engine parts and materials through the acquisition or consignment of aircraft and engines. 
 
 Willis Asset Management Limited Willis Asset Management is a wholly-owned and vertically-integrated subsidiary whose primary focus is the engine management and consulting business. Willis Asset Management had 289 engines, excluding WLFC engines, under management as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 We are a Delaware corporation, incorporated in 1998. Our executive offices are located at 4700 Lyons Technology Parkway, Coconut Creek, Florida 33073. We transact business directly and through our subsidiaries and consolidated variable interest entities VIE unless otherwise indicated. 
 
 We maintain a website at www.willislease.com where our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to those reports are available without charge, as soon as reasonably practicable following the time they are filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). The SEC also maintains an electronic Internet site that contains our reports, proxies and information statements, and other information that we file or furnish at http://www.sec.gov. 
 
 We separate our business into two reportable segments, Leasing and Related Operations and Spare Parts Sales. Our business activities by reportable segment are described below. 
 
 Leasing and Related Operations 
 
 Our strategy is to lease aircraft and aircraft engines and provide related services to a diversified group of commercial aircraft operators and maintenance, repair and overhaul organizations MROs worldwide. Commercial aircraft operators need engines in addition to those installed on the aircraft that they operate. Spare engines are required to support fleet operation during the highly regulated maintenance cycle of aircraft engines. Furthermore, unscheduled events such as mechanical failure, Federal Aviation Administration FAA airworthiness directives or manufacturer-recommended actions for maintenance, repair and overhaul of engines result in the need for spare engines. 
 
 Our engine portfolio primarily consists of noise-compliant Stage IV commercial jet engines manufactured by CFMI, General Electric, Pratt Whitney, Rolls Royce and International Aero Engines. These engines generally may be used on one or more aircraft types and are the most widely used engines in the world, powering Airbus, Boeing, Bombardier and Embraer aircraft. 
 
 We acquire engines for our leasing portfolio in a number of ways. We enter into sale and lease back transactions with operators of aircraft, original equipment manufacturers of engines, and MROs. We also purchase both new and used engines that are subject to a lease when purchased and on a speculative basis i.e. , without a lease attached from manufacturers or other parties which own such engines). 
 
 Total revenues from our Leasing and Related Operations reportable segment was 91.7 and 93.6 of the respective total consolidated revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, approximately 72 of our on-lease engines, aircraft, and related equipment (all of which we sometimes refer to as equipment by net book value are leased and operated internationally. Substantially all leases relating to this equipment are denominated and payable in United States U.S. dollars, which is customary in the industry. Future leases may provide for payments to be made in other foreign currencies. In 2022, we leased our equipment to lessees domiciled in seven geographic regions. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

Spare Parts Sales 
 
 Our wholly-owned and vertically-integrated subsidiary Willis Aero primarily engages in the sale of aircraft engine parts and materials through the acquisition or consignment of engines from third parties or from the leasing portfolio. This business segment enables us to provide end-of-life solutions for the growing supply of surplus aircraft and engines, as well as manage the full lifecycle of our lease assets, enhance the returns on our engine portfolio and create incremental value for our shareholders. 
 
 COVID-19 Impact 
 
 In January 2022, the Company lifted travel restrictions and subsequently reopened its corporate headquarters and other offices for employees and contractors to work from. The Company has experienced and continues to experience various degrees of disruption due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Lower demand for air travel presents significant risks to the Company, resulting in impacts which have adversely affected the Company's business, results of operations, and financial condition. The Company is not able to evaluate or foresee the full extent of these impacts at the current time. 
 
 The scope and nature of the impact of COVID-19 on the airline industry, and in turn the Company's business, continue to evolve and the outcomes are uncertain. Given the uncertainty in the rapidly changing market and economic conditions related to COVID-19, we will continue to evaluate the nature and extent of the impact to the Company's business and financial position. The ultimate extent of the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Company will depend on future developments, and such effects could exist for an extended period of time. 
 
 INDUSTRY BACKGROUND - THE DEMAND FOR LEASED AIRCRAFT ENGINES 
 
 Historically, commercial aircraft operators owned rather than leased their spare engines. As engines become more powerful and technically sophisticated, they have also become more expensive to acquire and maintain. In part due to cash constraints on commercial aircraft operators and the costs associated with engine ownership, commercial aircraft operators have become more cost-conscious and now utilize operating leases for a portion of their spare engines. Engine leasing is a specialized business that has evolved into a discrete sector of the commercial aviation market. Participants in this sector need access to capital, as well as specialized technical knowledge, in order to compete successfully. 
 
 Growth in the spare engine leasing industry is dependent on two fundamental drivers: 
 
 the number of commercial aircraft, and therefore engines, in the market; and 
 the proportion of engines that are leased, rather than owned, by commercial aircraft operators. 
 
 While COVID-19 has significantly impacted engine leasing, we still believe that engine leasing will gradually increase over the long term, but at a slower and less predictable pace than historically, as we emerge from the pandemic. 
 
 Increased number of aircraft, and therefore engines, in the market 
 
 We believe that the number of commercial and cargo aircraft, and hence spare engines, will increase. Boeing projects 2.8 annual growth in the global commercial jet fleet, increasing the current fleet to over 47,080 aircraft by 2041. Aircraft equipment manufacturers have predicted such an increase in aircraft to address the rapid growth of both passenger and cargo traffic in the Asian markets, as well as demand for new aircraft in more mature markets. While we believe these predictions are accurate over the long term, COVID-19 has materially disrupted the airline industry and significantly slowed down passenger growth globally, including in the U.S., and we believe such growth and demand may be negatively impacted over the short to medium term. See Risk Factors below. 
 
 Increased lease penetration rate 
 
 Spare engines provide support for installed engines in the event of routine or other engine maintenance or unscheduled removal. The number of spare engines needed to service any fleet is determined by many factors. These factors include: 
 
 the number and type of aircraft in an aircraft operator s fleet; 
 the geographic scope of such aircraft operator s destinations; 
 the time an engine is on-wing between removals; 
 average shop visit time; and 
 the number of spare engines an aircraft operator requires in order to ensure coverage for predicted and unscheduled removals. 
 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 We believe that commercial aircraft operators are increasingly considering their spare engines as significant capital assets, in which operating leases may be more attractive than finance leases or ownership of spare engines. Industry analysts have forecasted that the percentage of leased engines is likely to increase over the next 15 years as engine leasing follows the growth of aircraft leasing. We believe this is due to the increasing cost of newer engines, the anticipated modernization of the worldwide aircraft fleet and the significant cost associated therewith, and the emergence of new niche-focused airlines which generally use leasing in order to obtain their capital assets. 
 
 ENGINE LEASING 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the majority of our leases to air carriers, manufacturers and MROs were operating leases with the exception of certain failed sale-leaseback transactions classified as notes receivable under Accounting Standards Codification ASC 842 and investments in sales-type leases. Under operating leases, we retain the potential benefit and assume the risk of the residual value of the equipment, in contrast to finance leases in which the lessee has more of the potential benefits and risks of ownership. Operating leases allow commercial aircraft operators greater fleet and financial flexibility due to the relatively small initial capital outlay necessary to obtain use of the aircraft equipment, and the availability of short- and long-term leases to better meet their needs. Operating lease rates are generally higher than finance lease rates, in part because of the lessor retained residual value risk. 
 
 We describe all of our current leases as triple-net operating leases. A triple-net operating lease requires the lessee to make the full lease payment and pay any other expenses associated with the use of the engines, such as maintenance, casualty and liability insurance, sales or use taxes and personal property taxes. The leases contain detailed provisions specifying the lessees responsibility for engine damage, maintenance standards and the required condition of the engine upon return at the end of the lease. During the term of the lease, we require the lessee to maintain the engine in accordance with an approved maintenance program designed to meet applicable regulatory requirements in the jurisdictions in which the lessee operates. 
 
 We enter into both long-term and short-term leases which typically provide for monthly payment. Long-term leases typically have original lease terms in excess of one year. Characteristics of a long-term lease also include specified return conditions. Return conditions can be met by the customer through a maintenance overhaul in advance of asset return or a cash settlement at lease end resulting in maintenance revenue to the Company at that time. Maintenance reserves, also referred to as use fees, are often used for payment of maintenance overhauls in advance of asset returns by the lessee to the Company. Where a cash settlement is agreed upon, it may, in some instances, be taken from maintenance reserves paid by the lessee to the Company throughout the course of the lease. Short-term leases typically have an original lease term of less than one year. Short-term leases also include non-refundable, usage-based maintenance fees, which are billed at contractual rates and recognized as revenue over the term of the leases. Payment terms of our leases are predominately monthly in advance for rent and in arrears for the expenses associated with the use of the engines. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, 21 and 31 , respectively, of the Company s leases by net book value were short-term leases. 
 
 We try to mitigate risk where possible. For example, we analyze the credit risk associated with a lessee before entering into any significant lease transaction. Our credit analysis generally consists of evaluating the prospective lessee s financial standing by utilizing financial statements and trade and/or banking references. In certain circumstances, we may require our lessees to provide additional credit support, such as a letter of credit or a guaranty from a bank or a third party or a security deposit. We manage our interest rate risk through maintaining a balance of fixed and floating rate debt which allows us to limit our exposure to interest rate movements while also allowing us to benefit from low short-term interest rates. The Company utilizes our credit facility as a warehouse facility to aggregate purchased assets. Generally, when the Company aggregates a critical mass of assets through revolver financing, we refinance the assets through the issuance of long-term fixed rate debt through the Asset-Backed Security ABS and other markets. The maturity profile of the ABS term financings tend to better match the long life characteristics of our long life asset base. Furthermore, the Company also manages interest rate exposure through the purchasing of interest rate swaps which immunizes us from short-term rate movements that would influence the cost of our credit facility borrowings. At December 31, 2022 the Company had 1.1 billion of fixed rate financing. We also evaluate insurance and expropriation risk and evaluate and monitor the political and legal climate of the country in which a particular lessee is located in order to determine our ability to repossess our engines should the need arise. Despite these guidelines, we cannot give assurance that we will not experience collection problems or significant losses in the future. See Risk Factors below. 
 
 At the commencement of a lease, we may collect, in advance, a security deposit normally equal to at least one month s lease payment. The security deposit is returned to the lessee after all lease return conditions have been met. As mentioned above, under the terms of some of our leases, during the term of the lease, the lessee pays amounts to us based on usage of the engine, which is referred to as maintenance reserves or use fees, which are designed to cover the expected future maintenance costs. For those leases in which the maintenance reserves are reimbursable to the lessee, maintenance reserves are collected and are reimbursed to the lessee when qualifying maintenance is performed. Under longer-term leases, to the extent that cumulative use fee billings are inadequate to fund expenditures required prior to return of the engine to us, the lessee is obligated to cover the shortfall. 
 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 During the lease period, our leases require that maintenance and inspection of the leased engines be performed at qualified maintenance facilities certified by the FAA or its foreign equivalent. In addition, when an engine becomes off-lease, it undergoes inspection to verify compliance with lease return conditions. Our management believes that our attention to our lessees and our emphasis on maintenance and inspection helps preserve residual values and generally helps us to recover our investment in our leased engines. 
 
 Upon termination of a lease, we will either enter into a new lease, sell, or part out (disassemble and sell the parts separately), the related engines or airframe. The demand for aftermarket engines for either sale or lease may be affected by a number of variables, including: 
 
 general market conditions; 
 regulatory changes (particularly those imposing environmental, maintenance and other requirements on the operation of engines); 
 changes in demand for air travel; 
 fuel costs; 
 changes in the supply and cost of aircraft equipment; and 
 technological developments. 
 
 The value of a particular used engine or airframe varies greatly depending upon its condition, the maintenance services performed during the lease term and, as applicable, the number of hours or cycles remaining until the next major maintenance interval. If we are unable to lease or sell engines on favorable terms, our financial results and our ability to service debt may be adversely affected. See Risk Factors below. 
 
 The value of a particular model of engine is heavily dependent on the status of the types of aircraft on which it can be installed. We believe engine values tend to be stable as long as the host aircraft for the engines and the engines themselves are still being manufactured. Prices tend to remain stable and may even rise after a host aircraft is no longer manufactured as long as there is sufficient remaining demand for the host aircraft in the market. However, the value of an engine begins to decline rapidly once the host aircraft is retired from service and/or parted out in significant numbers. Engine values also may decline because of manufacturing defects that surface subsequent to initial manufacture and deployment. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 2,111.9 million of equipment held in our operating lease portfolio, 81.4 million of notes receivable, 17.7 million of maintenance rights, and 6.4 million of investments in sales-type leases, which represented 339 engines, 13 aircraft, one marine vessel and other leased parts and equipment. As of December 31, 2021, we had 1,991.4 million of equipment held in our operating lease portfolio, 115.5 million of notes receivable, and 22.5 million of maintenance rights, which represented 304 engines, 12 aircraft, one marine vessel and other leased parts and equipment. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 minimum future rentals under non-cancelable operating leases of these engines, related equipment and aircraft assets were as follows: 
 
 Year (in thousands) 2023 146,842 2024 66,513 2025 52,000 2026 39,410 2027 27,763 Thereafter 35,708 368,236 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 80 lessees of commercial aircraft engines and related equipment, aircraft, and other leased parts and equipment in 41 countries. We believe the loss of any one customer would not have a significant long-term adverse effect on our business. We operate in a global market in which our engines are easily transferable among lessees located in many countries, which stabilizes demand and allows us to recover from a loss of a customer. We provide other engine leasing related services such as engine storage, Part 145 maintenance and aircraft tear down services to our customers as well. 
 
 In 2011 we entered into an agreement with Mitsui Co., Ltd. to participate in a joint venture formed as a Dublin-based Irish limited company, Willis Mitsui Company Engine Support Limited WMES ), for the purpose of acquiring and leasing jet engines. Each partner holds a 50 interest in the joint venture. WMES owned a lease portfolio of 35 engines and five aircraft with a net book value of 255.5 million as of December 31, 2022. Our investment in the joint venture was 41.0 million as of December 31, 2022. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

In 2014 we entered into an agreement with China Aviation Supplies Import Export Corporation CASC to participate in a joint venture named CASC Willis Lease Finance Company Limited CASC Willis ), a joint venture based in Shanghai, China. Each partner holds a 50 interest in the joint venture. CASC Willis acquires and leases jet engines to Chinese airlines and concentrates on meeting the fast-growing demand for leased commercial aircraft engines and aviation assets in the People s Republic of China. CASC Willis owned a lease portfolio of four engines with a net book value of 42.7 million as of December 31, 2022. Our investment in the joint venture was 15.2 million as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 AIRCRAFT LEASING 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, our operating lease portfolio included five A319-100 aircraft, four ATR 72-500 aircraft, one A320-200 aircraft, one A320-233 aircraft, one A321-200 aircraft, and one Boeing 737-700 with an aggregate net book value of 134.5 million. 
 
 Our aircraft leases are triple-net leases and the lessee is responsible for making the full lease payment and paying any other expenses associated with the use of the aircraft, such as maintenance, casualty and liability insurance, sales or use taxes and personal property taxes. In addition, the lessee is responsible for normal maintenance and repairs, engine and airframe overhauls, and compliance with return conditions of flight equipment on lease. Under the provisions of many leases, for certain engine and airframe overhauls, we reimburse the lessee for costs incurred up to but not exceeding maintenance reserves the lessee has paid to us. Maintenance reserves are designed to cover the expected maintenance costs. The lessee is also responsible for compliance with all applicable laws and regulations with respect to the aircraft. We require our lessees to comply with FAA requirements. We periodically inspect our leased aircraft. Generally, we require a deposit as security for the lessee s performance of obligations under the lease and the condition of the aircraft upon return. In addition, the leases contain extensive provisions regarding our remedies and rights in the event of a default by the lessee and specific provisions regarding the condition of the aircraft upon return. The lessee is required to continue to make lease payments under all circumstances, including periods during which the aircraft is not in operation due to maintenance or grounding. 
 
 SPARE PARTS SALES 
 
 The sale of spare parts is managed by the Company s wholly-owned and vertically-integrated subsidiary, Willis Aero. Willis Aero primarily engages in the sale of aircraft engine parts and materials that it acquires via acquisition or consignment from third parties or from the leasing portfolio. This business segment enables our Company to provide end-of-life solutions for the growing supply of surplus aircraft and engines, as well as manage the full lifecycle of our lease assets, enhance the returns on our engine portfolio and create incremental value for our shareholders. As of December 31, 2022, spare parts inventory had a carrying value of 38.6 million. 
 
 ASSET MANAGEMENT 
 
 Willis Asset Management is a wholly-owned and vertically-integrated subsidiary whose primary focus is the engine management and consulting business. Willis Asset Management had 289 engines, excluding WLFC engines, under management as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 COMPETITION 
 
 The markets for our products and services are very competitive, and we face competition from a number of sources. These competitors include aircraft engine and aircraft parts manufacturers, aircraft and aircraft engine lessors, airline and aircraft service and repair companies and aircraft and aircraft engine spare parts distributors. Many of our competitors have substantially greater resources than us. Those resources may include greater name recognition, larger product lines, complementary lines of business, greater financial, marketing, information systems and other resources. In addition, equipment manufacturers, aircraft maintenance providers, FAA certified repair facilities and other aviation aftermarket suppliers may vertically integrate into the markets that we serve, thereby significantly increasing industry competition and negatively impacting the Company. We can give no assurance that competitive pressures will not materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 We compete primarily with aircraft engine manufacturers as well as with other aircraft engine lessors. It is common for commercial aircraft operators and MROs to utilize several leasing companies to meet their aircraft engine needs and to minimize reliance on a single leasing company. 
 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Our competitors compete with us in many ways, including pricing, technical expertise, lease flexibility, engine availability, supply reliability, customer service and the quality and condition of engines. Many of our competitors have greater financial resources than we have, or are affiliates of larger companies. We emphasize the quality of our portfolio of aircraft engines, supply reliability and high level of customer service to our aircraft equipment lessees. We focus on ensuring adequate aircraft engine availability in high-demand locations, dedicate large portions of our organization to building relationships with lessees, maintain close day-to-day coordination with lessees and have developed an engine pooling arrangement that allows pool members quick access to available spare aircraft engines. 
 
 INSURANCE 
 
 In addition to requiring full indemnification under the terms of our leases, we require our lessees to carry the types of insurance customary in the air transportation industry, including comprehensive third-party liability insurance and physical damage and casualty insurance. We require that we be named as an additional insured on liability insurance policies with the Company and our lenders normally identified as the loss payee on policies carried by lessees for damage to the leased equipment. We monitor compliance with the insurance provisions of the leases. We also carry contingent physical damage and third-party liability insurance as well as product liability insurance at levels determined to be appropriate by the Company. 
 
 GOVERNMENT REGULATION 
 
 Our customers are subject to a high degree of regulation in the jurisdictions in which they operate. For example, the FAA regulates the manufacture, repair and operation of all aircraft operated in the U.S. and equivalent regulatory agencies in other countries, such as the European Aviation Safety Agency EASA in Europe, regulate aircraft operated in those countries. Such regulations also indirectly affect our business operations. All aircraft operated in the U.S. must be maintained under a continuous condition-monitoring program and must periodically undergo thorough inspection and maintenance. The inspection, maintenance and repair procedures for commercial aircraft are prescribed by regulatory authorities and can be performed only by certified repair facilities utilizing certified technicians. The FAA can suspend or revoke the authority of air carriers or their licensed personnel for failure to comply with regulations and ground aircraft if their airworthiness is in question. 
 
 While our leasing and reselling business is not regulated, the aircraft, engines and related parts that we purchase, lease and sell must be accompanied by documentation that enables the customer to comply with applicable regulatory requirements. Furthermore, before parts may be installed in an aircraft, they must meet certain standards of condition established by the FAA and/or the equivalent regulatory agencies in other countries. Specific regulations vary from country to country, although regulatory requirements in other countries are generally satisfied by compliance with FAA requirements. With respect to a particular engine or engine component, we utilize FAA and/or EASA certified repair stations to repair and certify engines and components to ensure marketability. 
 
 Governmental regulations where the related airframe is registered, and where the aircraft is operated, stipulate noise and emissions levels restrictions. For example, jurisdictions throughout the world have adopted noise regulations which require all aircraft to comply with Stage III noise requirements. In addition to the current Stage III compliance requirements, the U.S. and the International Civil Aviation Organization ICAO have adopted a more stringent set of Stage IV standards for noise levels which apply to engines manufactured or certified from 2006 onward. At this time, the U.S. regulations do not require any phase-out of aircraft that qualify only for Stage III compliance, but the European Union EU has established a framework for the imposition of operating limitations on non-Stage IV aircraft. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, most of the engines in our lease portfolio are Stage IV engines and are generally suitable for use on one or more commonly used aircraft. 
 
 We believe that the aviation industry will be subject to continued regulatory activity. Additionally, increased oversight will continue to originate from the quality assurance departments of airline operators. We have been able to meet all such requirements to date, and are well positioned to meet any additional requirements that may be imposed. We cannot give assurance, however, that new, more stringent government regulations will not be adopted in the future or that any such new regulations, if enacted, would not have a material adverse impact on us. 
 
 FINANCING/SOURCE OF FUNDS 
 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 We, directly or through our Willis Engine Structured Trust III, IV, V and VI WEST III, WEST IV, WEST V, and WEST VI asset-backed securitizations typically acquire engines with a combination of equity capital and funds borrowed from financial institutions. In order to facilitate financing and leasing of engines, most of our engines are generally owned through a statutory or common law trust that is wholly-owned by us or our subsidiaries. We usually borrow up to 85 of an engine purchase price. Substantially all of our assets secure our related indebtedness. We typically acquire engines from airlines, engine manufacturers or from other lessors. From time to time, we selectively acquire engines prior to a firm commitment to lease or sell the engine, depending on the price of the engine and market demand with the expectation that we can lease or sell such engines in the future. Additionally, for discrete financing purposes, we will enter into bi-lateral and preferred financing arrangements from time to time. 
 
 EMPLOYEES 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 288 total employees, of which 263 are full-time employees (excluding consultants), in sales and marketing, technical service and administration. None of our employees are covered by a collective bargaining agreement and we believe our employee relations are satisfactory. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 The following risk factors and other information included in this Annual Report should be carefully considered. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial also may impair our business operations. If any of the following risks occur, our business, financial condition, operating results, and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. 
 RISKS RELATING TO OUR BUSINESS 
 Risks Related to Our Operations 
 
 Our business has been and will continue to be negatively impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, and COVID-19 related impacts have had a material adverse effect on the Company s business, operating results and financial condition. 
 
 The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in a global slowdown of economic activity, particularly in the airline industry, and its impacts are expected to continue to persist and result in reduced demand for air travel for the foreseeable future. We have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, diminished demand for leases of our engines and aircraft as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. These COVID-19 pandemic-related impacts have, in the aggregate, had a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. We are unable to predict the extent or duration of these impacts as they will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted at this time, such as the incidence and extent of outbreaks associated with new variants of the virus, the availability and effectiveness of treatments for COVID-19, such as vaccines, and the timing and extent that passenger airline travel will increase and recover to levels before the pandemic. Challenges for our Company include possible declines in the values of aircraft, engines and related aircraft equipment in our portfolio, lower market rents for engines and aircraft offered for lease by us, and continued and further reductions in demand by potential and existing customers for additional or replacement engines offered by us. In addition, the significant cash flow issues faced by airlines, including some of our customers, may cause some of our customers to be unable to timely meet their lease obligations to us or go out of business. Any nonpayment or late payment of lease payments by a significant lessee or combination of lessees could in turn impose limits on our ability to fund our ongoing operations. Even after the COVID-19 pandemic has subsided, we may experience materially adverse impacts to our business due to a lingering economic recession or otherwise. Additionally, concerns over the economic impact of COVID-19 have caused extreme volatility in financial and other capital markets which has and may continue to adversely impact the market value of our common stock and may adversely affect our ability to access capital markets. 
 We are affected by the risks faced by commercial aircraft operators and MROs because they are our customers. 
 We operate as a supplier of engines, aircraft and related parts aviation equipment to commercial aircraft operators and MROs and are indirectly impacted by all the risks facing commercial aircraft operators and MROs today. The ability of each lessee to perform its obligations under the relevant lease and the demand of companies to purchase aviation equipment will depend primarily on the lessee s (or in the case of parts and materials, the purchaser s) financial condition and cash flow. This may be affected by factors beyond our control, including: 
 general economic conditions in the countries in which our customers operate, including changes in gross domestic product; 
 demand for air travel and air cargo shipments; 
 increased competition; 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 the availability of government support, which may be in the form of subsidies, loans (including export/import financing), guarantees, equity investments or otherwise; 
 changes in interest rates and the availability and terms of credit available to commercial aircraft operators including covenants in financings, terms imposed by credit card issuers, collateral posting requirements contained in fuel hedging contracts and the ability of airlines and MROs to make or refinance principal payments as they come due; 
 geopolitical and other events, including those arising from war, such as the escalating conflict between Russia and Ukraine, concerns about security, terrorism, war, pandemics and similar public health concerns and political instability; 
 changing political conditions, including risk of rising protectionism and imposition of new trade barriers; 
 inclement weather and natural disasters; 
 environmental compliance and other regulatory costs, including noise regulations, emissions regulations, climate change initiatives, and aircraft age limitations; 
 cyber risk, including information hacking, viruses and malware; 
 labor contracts, labor costs and strikes or stoppages at commercial aircraft operators; 
 operating costs, including the price and availability of fuel, maintenance costs, and insurance costs and coverages; 
 technological developments; 
 airport access and air traffic control infrastructure constraints; 
 industry capacity, utilization and general market conditions; and 
 market prices for aviation equipment. 
 To the extent that our customers are negatively affected by these risk factors, we may experience: 
 a decrease in demand for some types of aviation equipment in our portfolio; 
 greater credit risks from our customers, and a higher incidence of lessee defaults and corresponding repossessions; 
 an inability to quickly lease engines and aircraft on commercially acceptable terms when these become available through our purchase commitments and regular lease terminations; 
 shorter lease terms, which may increase our expenses and reduce our utilization rates; and 
 fewer opportunities to manage aviation equipment for other companies, and/or less profitable terms. 
 Our operating results vary and comparisons to results for preceding periods may not be meaningful. 
 Due to a number of factors, including the risks described in this ITEM 1A, our operating results may fluctuate. These fluctuations may also be caused by: 
 the timing and number of purchases and sales of engines or aircraft; 
 the timing and amount of maintenance reserve revenues recorded resulting from the termination of long-term leases, for which significant amounts of maintenance reserves may have accumulated; 
 the termination or announced termination of production of particular aircraft and engine types; 
 the retirement or announced retirement of particular aircraft models by aircraft operators; 
 the operating history of any particular engine, aircraft or engine or aircraft model; 
 the length of our operating leases; and 
 the timing of necessary overhauls of engines and aircraft. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 These risks may reduce our utilization rates, lease margins, maintenance reserve revenues and proceeds from engine and aircraft sales, and result in higher legal, technical, maintenance, storage and insurance costs related to repossession and the cost of engines being off lease. As a result of the foregoing and other factors, the availability of engines and aircraft for lease or sale periodically experiences cycles of oversupply and undersupply of given engine or aircraft models. The incidence of an oversupply of engines or aircraft may produce substantial decreases in lease rates and the appraised and resale value of aviation equipment and may increase the time and costs incurred to lease or sell engines. 
 We anticipate that fluctuations from period to period will continue in the future. As a result, we believe that comparisons to results for preceding periods may not be meaningful and that results of prior periods should not be relied upon as an indication of our future performance. 
 We and our customers operate in a highly regulated industry and changes in laws or regulations may adversely affect our ability to lease or sell our engines or aircraft. 
 Licenses and consents 
 We and our customers operate in a highly regulated industry. A number of our leases require specific governmental or regulatory licenses, consents or approvals. These include consents for certain payments under the leases and for the export, import or re-export of our engines or aircraft. Consents needed in connection with future leasing or sale of our engines or aircraft may not be received timely or have economically feasible terms. Any of these events could adversely affect our ability to lease or sell engines or aircraft. 
 Civil aviation regulation 
 Users of engines and aircraft are subject to general civil aviation authorities, including the FAA and the EASA, who regulate the maintenance of engines and issue airworthiness directives. Airworthiness directives typically set forth special maintenance actions or modifications to certain engine and aircraft types or series of specific engines that must be implemented for the engine or aircraft to remain in service. Also, airworthiness directives may require the lessee to make more frequent inspections of an engine, aircraft or particular engine parts. Each lessee of an engine or aircraft generally is responsible for complying with all airworthiness directives. However, if the engine or aircraft is off lease, we may be forced to bear the cost of compliance with such airworthiness directives, and if the engine or aircraft is leased, subject to the terms of the lease, if any, we may be forced to share the cost of compliance. 
 Environmental regulation 
 Governmental regulations of noise and emissions levels may be applicable where the related airframe is registered, and where the aircraft is operated. For example, jurisdictions throughout the world have adopted noise regulations which require all aircraft to comply with Stage III noise requirements. In addition to the current Stage III compliance requirements, the U.S. and the ICAO have adopted a more stringent set of Stage IV standards for noise levels which apply to engines manufactured or certified from 2006 onward. At this time, the U.S. regulations do not require any phase-out of aircraft that qualify only for Stage III compliance, but the EU has established a framework for the imposition of operating limitations on non-Stage IV aircraft. These regulations could limit the economic life of our engines and aircraft or reduce their value, could limit our ability to lease or sell the non-compliant engines or aircraft or, if modifications are permitted, require us to make significant additional investments in the engines or aircraft to make them compliant. 
 The U.S. and other jurisdictions are imposing more stringent limits on the emission of nitrogen oxide, carbon monoxide and carbon dioxide emissions from engines, consistent with ICAO standards. These limits generally apply only to engines manufactured after 1999. In 2005, the EU launched an Emissions Trading System limiting greenhouse gas emissions by various industries and persons, including aircraft operators. Concerns over global warming, climate change or other environmental issues could result in more stringent limitations on the operation of older, non-compliant engines and aircraft. 
 Failure to comply with anti-corruption laws, trade controls, economic sanctions and similar laws and regulations could subject us to penalties and other adverse consequences. 
 Our operations are subject to U.S. and foreign anti-corruption and trade control laws and regulations, such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act FCPA and other anti-bribery laws in other jurisdictions, including the UK Bribery Act 2010, export controls and economic sanctions programs, including those administered by the U.S. Department of State, U.S. Treasury Department s Office of Foreign Assets Control OFAC and the Bureau of Industry and Security BIS of the Department of Commerce. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 As part of our business, we may deal with state-owned business enterprises, the employees of which are considered foreign officials for purposes of the FCPA s prohibition on providing anything of value to foreign officials in connection with obtaining or retaining business or securing business advantage. In addition, we must comply with various laws and regulations relating to the export of products and technology from the U.S. and other countries having jurisdiction over our operations. Obtaining the necessary export license or other authorization for a particular lease may be time-consuming and may result in the delay or loss of leasing opportunities. 
 We are also subject to certain economic and trade sanctions programs that are administered by OFAC, which prohibit or restrict transactions to or from or dealings with specified countries, their governments, and in certain circumstances, their nationals, and with individuals and entities that are specially designated nationals of those countries. It is possible that, without our knowledge, engines or other equipment that we export end up in the possession of individuals or entities that have been designated by OFAC or are located in a country subject to sanctions. 
 We have established policies and procedures designed to assist with our compliance with these laws and regulations. However, maintaining and enhancing our policies and procedures in response to changing laws and regulations or business circumstances can be costly and place restrictions on our operations, and we cannot guarantee that the precautions we take will prevent violations of anti-corruption and trade control laws and regulations. Violations of these regulations are punishable by civil penalties, including fines, denial of export privileges, injunctions, asset seizures, debarment from government contracts and revocations or restrictions of licenses, as well as criminal fines and imprisonment. In addition, the costs associated with responding to a government investigation and remediating any violations can be substantial. Accordingly, violations could adversely affect, among other things, our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Our aircraft, engines or parts could cause bodily injury or property damage, exposing us to liability claims. 
 We are exposed to potential liability claims if the use of our aircraft, engines or parts is alleged to have caused bodily injury or property damage. Our leases require our lessees to indemnify us against these claims and to carry insurance customary in the air transportation industry, including liability, property damage and hull all risks insurance on our engines and on our aircraft at agreed upon levels. We can give no assurance that one or more catastrophic events will not exceed insurance coverage limits or that lessees insurance will cover all claims that may be asserted against us. Any insurance coverage deficiency or default by lessees under their indemnification or insurance obligations may reduce our recovery of losses upon an event of loss or subject the Company to exposures that result in monetary losses for which recovery is unavailable . 
 Our financial reporting for lease revenue may be adversely impacted by any future change to lease accounting, as well as any future change to current tax laws or accounting principles pertaining to operating or other lease financing. 
 Our lessees enjoy favorable accounting and tax treatment generally by using operating leases. Changes in tax laws or accounting principles that make operating leases less attractive to our lessees could have a material adverse effect on demand for our leases and on our business. 
 Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles GAAP ). If there are future changes in GAAP with regard to how we and our customers must account for leases, it could change the way we and our customers conduct our businesses and, therefore, could have a potential adverse effect on our business. 
 We may not be adequately covered by insurance. 
 By virtue of holding title to engines and aircraft, parties suffering damage as a result of the malfunction of an engine or aircraft may assert that lessors are strictly liable for the resulting losses. Such liability may be asserted even under circumstances in which the lessor is not directly controlling the operation of the relevant aircraft. While we maintain contingent insurance covering losses not covered by our lessees insurance, such coverage may not be available in circumstances in which the lessees insurance coverage is insufficient. In addition, if a lessee is not obligated to maintain sufficient insurance, we may incur the costs of additional insurance coverage during the related lease. We are required under certain of our debt facilities to obtain political risk insurance for leases to lessees in specified jurisdictions. We can give no assurance that such insurance will be available at commercially reasonable rates, if at all. 
 We and our lenders generally are named as additional insureds on liability insurance policies carried by our lessees and are usually the loss payees for damage to our engines and aircraft. However, an uninsured or partially insured claim, or a claim for which third-party indemnification is not available, could have a material adverse effect upon us. A loss of an aircraft in which we lease the airframe, an engine or other leased equipment could result in significant monetary claims for which there may not be sufficient insurance coverage. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Natural disasters, public health emergencies, such as the outbreak of the COVID-19 virus, and other business disruptions could cause significant harm to our customer base, which may materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 
 Our business has been adversely impacted by the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, which has significantly impacted the airline industry. A number of countries have imposed travel restrictions and mandatory quarantine periods causing significant economic disruption, a reduction in commercial airline traffic and flight cancellations. The continuing spread of the virus to other countries and regions may result in the imposition of additional restrictions, increased flight cancellations and greater reluctance to travel, all of which may lead to greater economic disruption and a broader adverse impact on air travel and the aviation industry, resulting in lower demand for leases of our aircraft and engines and possibly impacting the ability of our lessees to satisfy their payment obligations to us. The International Air Transport Association recently estimated that the airline industry has lost over 9.7 billion in sales in 2022 due to reductions in air travel and flight cancellations as a result of the coronavirus. 
 Our U.S. and international operations and warehouse facilities are also susceptible to losses and interruptions caused by floods, hurricanes, earthquakes, typhoons, and similar natural disasters, as well as power outages, telecommunications failures, and similar events. 
 A decrease in air travel, lack of demand for air travel or downturn in the aviation industry caused by public health emergencies or natural disasters could result in lower utilization of our engine and aircraft assets, which could in turn materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the occurrence of natural disasters and health emergency or similar events in any of the regions in which we operate could disrupt and materially and adversely impact the operations of our business. 
 Risks Related to Our Aviation Assets 
 The value and lease rates of our engines and aircraft could decline. 
 The value of a particular model of engine depends heavily on the types of aircraft on which it may be installed and the supply of available engines. We believe engine values tend to be relatively stable so long as there is sufficient demand for the host aircraft, and the demand for aircraft depend on numerous factors, including age, technology, and customer preference. We believe the value of an engine begins to decline rapidly once the host aircraft begins to be retired from service and/or is used for spare parts in significant numbers. Certain types of engines and aircraft may be used in significant numbers by commercial aircraft operators that are currently experiencing financial difficulties. If such operators were to go into liquidation or similar proceedings, the resulting over-supply of engines and aircraft from these operators could have an adverse effect on the demand for the affected engine and aircraft types and the value of such aviation equipment. 
 Upon termination of a lease, we may be unable to enter into new leases or sell the affected aviation equipment on acceptable terms. 
 We directly or indirectly own the aviation equipment that we lease to customers and bear the risk of not recovering our entire investment through leasing and selling the applicable equipment. Upon termination of a lease, we seek to enter a new lease or to sell or part-out the applicable aviation equipment. We also selectively sell aviation equipment on an opportunistic basis. We cannot give assurance that we will be able to find, in a timely manner or at all, a lessee or a buyer for aviation equipment coming off-lease or for the associated parts. If we do find a lessee, we may not be able to obtain satisfactory lease rates and terms (including maintenance and redelivery conditions) or rates and terms comparable to our current leases, and we can give no assurance that the creditworthiness of any future lessee will be equal to or better than that of the existing lessees of our equipment. As of December 31, 2022, engines on-lease with lease terms of 12 months or less and engines off-lease constituted approximately 65 of our assets. These engines may frequently need to be remarketed, which could drive up our operating costs associated with such equipment. Such higher operating costs could have a material, adverse impact on our results of operations and profitability. 
 Although leases of engines account for most of our revenue, leases of aircraft expose us to greater risks than leases of engines and these risks could materially impact our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are exposed to a number of risks related to our aircraft leasing activities. For example, leases of aircraft subject us to greater maintenance risks because the maintenance fees we charge may not cover aircraft maintenance costs that may be higher than anticipated. In addition, we face greater credit risk from lessees in this business as the assets that we lease to them tend to have higher net book values than individual engines. Moreover, aircraft technology is constantly improving and, as a result, particular models and types of aircraft tend to become less in demand and ultimately obsolete over time as newer, more advanced and efficient aircraft become available. Consequently, we may experience difficulty in leasing or selling aircraft. Any of these risks could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 We carry the risk of maintenance for our leased assets. Our maintenance reserves may be inadequate or lessees may default on their obligations to perform maintenance, which could increase our expenses. 
 Under most of our engine and aircraft leases, the lessee makes monthly maintenance reserve payments to us based on the asset s usage and management s estimate of maintenance costs. A certain level of maintenance reserve payments on the WEST III, WEST IV, WEST V and WEST VI engines are held in related engine reserve restricted cash accounts. Generally, the lessee under long-term leases is responsible for all scheduled maintenance costs, even if they exceed the amounts of maintenance reserves paid. As of December 31, 2022, 109 of our leases comprising approximately 30 of the net book value of our on-lease assets do not provide for any monthly maintenance reserve payments to be made by lessees, and we can give no assurance that future leases of our engines or aircraft will require maintenance reserves. In some cases, including engine and aircraft repossessions, we may decide to pay for refurbishments or repairs if the accumulated use fees are inadequate. 
 We can give no assurance that our operating cash flows and available liquidity reserves, including the amounts held in the reserve restricted cash accounts, will be sufficient to fund necessary engine and aircraft maintenance. Actual maintenance reserve payments by lessees and other cash that we receive may be significantly less than projected as a result of numerous factors, including defaults by lessees. Furthermore, we can provide no assurance that lessees will meet their obligations to make maintenance reserve payments or perform required scheduled maintenance or, to the extent that maintenance reserve payments are insufficient, to cover the cost of refurbishments or repairs. 
 Failures by lessees to meet their maintenance and recordkeeping obligations under our leases could adversely affect the value of our leased engines and aircraft and our ability to lease the engines and aircraft in a timely manner following termination of the leases. 
 The value and income producing potential of an engine or aircraft depends heavily on it being maintained in accordance with an approved maintenance system and complying with all applicable governmental directives and manufacturer requirements. In addition, for an engine or aircraft to be available for service, all records, logs, licenses and documentation relating to maintenance and operations of the engine or aircraft must be maintained in accordance with governmental and manufacturer specifications. 
 Our leases make the lessees primarily responsible for maintaining the engines or aircraft, keeping related records and complying with governmental directives and manufacturer requirements. Over time, certain lessees have experienced, and may experience in the future, difficulties in meeting their maintenance and recordkeeping obligations as specified by the terms of our leases. 
 Our ability to determine the condition of the engines or aircraft and whether the lessees are properly maintaining our assets is generally limited to the lessees reporting of monthly usage and any maintenance performed, confirmed by periodic inspections performed by us and third parties. A lessee s failure to meet its maintenance or recordkeeping obligations under a lease could result in: 
 a grounding of the related engine or aircraft; 
 a repossession that would likely cause us to incur additional and potentially substantial expenditures in restoring the engine or aircraft to an acceptable maintenance condition; 
 a need to incur additional costs and devote resources to recreate the records prior to the sale or lease of the engine or aircraft; 
 loss of lease revenue while we perform refurbishments or repairs and recreate records; and 
 a lower lease rate and/or shorter lease term under a new lease entered into by us following repossession of the engine or aircraft. 
 Any of these events may adversely affect the value of the engine or aircraft, unless and until remedied, and reduce our revenues and increase our expenses. If aviation equipment is damaged during a lease and we are unable to recover from the lessee or though insurance, we may incur a loss. 
 The advent of superior engine and aircraft technology and higher production levels could cause our existing portfolio of aviation equipment to become outdated and therefore less desirable. 
 As manufacturers introduce technological innovations and new types of engines and aircraft, certain engines and aircraft in our existing portfolio of aviation equipment may become less desirable to potential lessees or purchasers. This next generation of engines and aircraft is expected to deliver improved fuel consumption and reduced noise and emissions with lower operating costs compared to current-technology aircraft. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 The introduction of new models of engines and aircraft and the potential resulting overcapacity in supply, could adversely affect the residual values and the lease rates for our engines and aircraft, our ability to lease or sell our engines and aircraft on favorable terms, or at all, or result in us recording future impairment charges. 
 Our customers face intense competition and some carriers are in troubled financial condition. 
 As a general matter, commercial aircraft operators with weak capital structures are more likely than well-capitalized operators to seek operating leases, and, at any point in time, investors should expect a varying number of lessees and sub-lessees to experience payment difficulties. As a result of such commercial aircraft operators weak financial condition and lack of liquidity, a portion of lessees over time may be significantly in arrears in their rental or maintenance payments and may default on their lease obligations. Given the size of our portfolio of engines and aircraft, we expect that from time to time some lessees will be slow in making, or will fail to make, their payments in full under their leases. As of December 31, 2022, we had an aggregate of approximately 7.4 million in lease rent and 5.9 million in maintenance reserve payments more than 30 days past due as compared to 6.8 million in lease rent and 4.1 million in maintenance reserve payments more than 30 days past due as of December 31, 2021. Our inability to collect receivables or to repossess engines, aircraft or other leased equipment in the event of a default by a lessee could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 We may not correctly assess the credit risk of each lessee or may not be in a position to charge risk-adjusted lease rates, and lessees may not be able to continue to perform their financial and other obligations under our leases in the future. A delayed, reduced or missed rental payment from a lessee may decrease our revenues and cash flow and may adversely affect our ability to make payments on our indebtedness or to comply with financial covenants in our loan documents (see Our Financing Facilities Impose Restrictions on our Operations ). While we typically experience some level of delinquency under our leases, default levels may increase over time, particularly as our portfolio of engines and aircraft ages and if economic conditions deteriorate. 
 Various airlines have filed for bankruptcy in the U.S. and in foreign jurisdictions, with some seeking to restructure their operations and others ceasing operations entirely. In the case of airlines that are restructuring, such airlines often reduce their flights or eliminate the use of certain types of aircraft and the related engine types. Applicable bankruptcy laws often allow these airlines to terminate leases early and to return our engines or aircraft without meeting the contractual return conditions. In that case, we may not be paid the full amount, or any part, of our claims for these lease terminations. Alternatively, we might negotiate agreements with those airlines under which the airline continues to lease the engine or aircraft, but under modified lease terms. If requests for payment restructuring or rescheduling are made and granted, reduced or deferred rental payments may be payable over all or some part of the remaining term of the lease, although the terms of any revised payment schedules may be unfavorable and such payments may not be made. In the case of an airline which has ceased operations entirely, in addition to the risk of nonpayment, we face the enhanced risk of deterioration or total loss of an engine or aircraft while it is under uncertain custody and control. In that case, we may be required to take legal action to secure the return of the engine or aircraft and its records or, alternatively, to negotiate a settlement under which we can immediately recover the engine or aircraft and its records in exchange for waiving subsequent legal claims. 
 We may not be able to repossess an engine or aircraft when the lessee defaults, and even if we are able to repossess the engine or aircraft, we may have to expend significant funds in the repossession, remarketing and leasing of the asset. 
 When a lessee defaults and such default is not cured in a timely manner, we typically seek to terminate the lease and repossess the engine or aircraft. If a defaulting lessee contests the termination and repossession or is under court protection, enforcement of our rights under the lease may be difficult, expensive and time-consuming. We may not realize any practical benefits from our legal rights and we may need to obtain consents to export the engine or aircraft. As a result, the relevant asset may be off-lease or not producing revenue for a prolonged period. In addition, we will incur direct costs associated with repossessing our engine or aircraft. These costs may include legal and similar costs, the direct costs of transporting, storing and insuring the engine or aircraft, and costs associated with necessary maintenance and recordkeeping to make the asset available for lease or sale. During this time, we will realize no revenue from the leased engine or aircraft, and we will continue to be obligated to pay any debt financing applicable to the asset. If an engine is installed on an airframe, the airframe may be owned by an aircraft lessor or other third party. Our ability to recover engines installed on airframes may depend on the cooperation of the airframe owner. 
 Risks Related to Our Orders of New Engines 
 We have committed to purchase new engines in 2023 with an aggregate value of up to 98.2 million. Our ability to lease these assets on favorable terms, if at all, may be adversely affected by risks to the commercial airline industry generally. If we are unable to obtain commitments for the remaining deliveries or otherwise satisfy our contractual obligations to the engine manufacturers, we will be subject to several potential risks, including: 
 forfeiting advance deposits, as well as incurring certain significant costs related to these commitments such as contractual damages and legal, accounting and financial advisory expenses; 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 defaulting on any future lease commitments we may have entered into with respect to these engines, which could result in monetary damages and strained relationships with lessees; 
 failing to realize the benefits of purchasing and leasing the engines; and 
 risking harm to our business reputation, which would make it more difficult to purchase and lease engines in the future on agreeable terms, if at all. 
 Risks Related to Our Capital Structure 
 Our future growth and profitability will depend on our ability to acquire aviation equipment and make other strategic investments. As a result, our inability to obtain sufficient capital to finance these acquisitions would constrain our ability to grow our portfolio and to increase our revenues. 
 Our business is capital intensive and highly leveraged. Accordingly, our ability to successfully execute our business strategy and maintain our operations depends on the availability and cost of debt and equity capital. Additionally, our ability to borrow against our portfolio of engines, aircraft and strategic investments is dependent, in part, on the appraised value of such engines, aircraft and investments. If the appraised value of our portfolio declines, we may be required to either refrain from borrowings or reduce the principal outstanding under certain of our debt facilities. 
 A significant increase in our cost to acquire engines and aircraft, or in our cost of strategic investments, due to increased interest expense or cost of capital will make it more difficult for us to make accretive acquisitions. The disruptions may also adversely affect our ability to raise additional capital to fund our continued growth. Although we have adequate debt commitments from our lenders, assuming they are willing and able to meet their contractual obligation to lend to us, market disruptions may adversely affect our ability to raise additional equity capital to fund future growth, requiring us to rely on internally generated funds. This would lower our rate of capital investment which, in turn, could materially and adversely affect the business and the Company's results of operations. 
 We can give no assurance that the capital we need will be available to us on favorable terms, or at all. Our inability to obtain sufficient capital, or to renew or expand our credit facilities, could result in increased funding costs and would limit our ability to: 
 meet the terms and maturities of our existing and future debt facilities; 
 add new equipment to our portfolio; 
 fund our working capital needs and maintain adequate liquidity; and 
 finance other growth initiatives. 
 Our financing facilities impose restrictions on our operations. 
 We have, and expect to continue to have, various credit and financing arrangements with third parties. These financing arrangements are secured by all or substantially all of our assets. Our existing credit and financing arrangements require us to meet certain financial condition tests. Our revolving credit facility prohibits our purchasing or redeeming stock, or declaring or paying dividends on shares of any class or series of our common or preferred stock if an event of default under such facility has or will occur and remains uncured. The agreements governing our debt, including the issuance of notes by WEST III, WEST IV, WEST V and WEST VI, also include restrictive financial covenants. A breach of those and other covenants could, unless waived or amended by our creditors, result in a cross-default to other indebtedness and an acceleration of all or substantially all of our debt. We have obtained waivers and amendments to our financing agreements in the past, but we cannot provide any assurance that we will receive such waivers or amendments in the future if we request or require them. If our outstanding debt is accelerated at any time, we likely would have little or no cash or other assets available after payment of our debts, which could cause the value or market price of our outstanding equity securities to decline significantly and we would have few, if any, assets available for distributions to our equity holders in liquidation. 
 We are exposed to interest rate risk on our leases, which could have a negative impact on our margins. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 We are affected by fluctuations in interest rates. Our lease rates are generally fixed, and a portion of our debt bears variable rate interest based on one-month London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR ), so changes in interest rates directly affect our lease margins. From time to time, we seek to reduce our interest rate volatility and uncertainty through hedging with interest rate derivative contracts with respect to a portion of our debt. Our lease margins, as well as our earnings and cash flows may be adversely affected by increases in interest rates. To the extent we do not have hedges or other derivatives in place or if our hedges or other derivatives do not mitigate our interest rate exposure from an economic standpoint, we would be adversely affected by increasing interest rates. As reported by Intercontinental Exchange, the one-month LIBOR was approximately 4.39 and 0.10 on December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Changes in the method of determining LIBOR, or the replacement of LIBOR with an alternative reference rate, may adversely affect interest rates on our current or future indebtedness and may otherwise adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Certain of our indebtedness is made at variable interest rates that use LIBOR (or metrics derived from or related to LIBOR), as a benchmark for establishing the interest rate. On July 27, 2017, the UK s Financial Conduct Authority announced that it intends to stop persuading or compelling banks to submit LIBOR rates after 2021. Subsequently, the UK s Financial Conduct Authority announced the date has been moved to June 2023. These reforms may cause LIBOR to cease to exist, new methods of calculating LIBOR to be established, or alternative reference rates to be established. The potential consequences cannot be fully predicted and could have an adverse impact on the market value for or value of LIBOR-linked securities, loans, and other financial obligations or extensions of credit held by or due to us. Changes in market interest rates may influence our financing costs, returns on financial investments and the valuation of derivative contracts and could reduce our earnings and cash flows. In addition, any transition process may involve, among other things, increased volatility or illiquidity in markets for instruments that rely on LIBOR, reductions in the value of certain instruments or the effectiveness of related transactions such as hedges, increased borrowing costs, uncertainty under applicable documentation, or difficult and costly consent processes. This could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows, and liquidity. We cannot predict the effect of the potential changes to LIBOR or the establishment and use of alternative rates or benchmarks. 
 
 In December 2022, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU ASU 2022-06, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Deferral of the Sunset Date of Topic 848, which extended the sunset date to apply the relief in Topic 848 from December 31, 2022 to December 31, 2024. The amendment in this guidance should be applied on a prospective basis and, for companies with a fiscal year ending December 31, are effective December 1, 2022. When the transition occurs, the Company expects to apply this expedient to its existing debt instruments and interest rate swaps that reference LIBOR, and to any other new transactions that reference LIBOR or another reference rate that is discontinued, through December 31, 2024. The adoption of this ASU did not impact the Company s consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 
 An increase in interest rates or in our borrowing margin would increase the cost of servicing our debt and could reduce our profitability. 
 A significant portion of our outstanding debt bears interest at floating rates. As a result, to the extent we have not hedged against rising interest rates, an increase in the applicable benchmark interest rates would increase our cost of servicing our debt and could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and cash flows. 
 In addition, we regularly refinance our indebtedness. If interest rates or our borrowing margins increase between the time an existing financing arrangement was consummated and the time such financing arrangement is refinanced, the cost of servicing our debt would increase and our results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. 
 We have risks in managing our portfolio of engines to meet customer needs. 
 The relatively long life cycles of aircraft and jet engines can be shortened by world events, government regulation or customer preferences. We seek to manage these risks by trying to anticipate demand for particular engine and aircraft types, maintaining a portfolio mix of engines that we believe is diversified and that will have long-term value and will be sought by lessees in the global market for jet engines, and by selling engines and aircraft that we expect will experience obsolescence or declining usefulness in the foreseeable future. 
 The WEST III structured facility includes restrictions and limitations on the sale of assets in that facility including, with respect to pro forma limitations on assets subject to part-out agreements, a 20 limitation on sales, and also, in certain situations, with respect to a 25 limit on assets sold below a specific dollar threshold. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 The WEST IV structured facility includes restrictions and limitations on the sale of assets in that facility including, with respect to pro forma limitations on assets subject to part-out agreements, a 20 limitation on sales, and also, in certain situations, with respect to a 25 limit on assets sold below a specific dollar threshold. 
 The WEST V structured facility includes restrictions and limitations on the sale of assets in that facility including, with respect to pro forma limitations on assets subject to part-out agreements, a 15 limitation on sales prior to March 2022 and a 20 limitation on sales prior to March 2024, and also, in certain situations, with respect to a 25 limit on assets sold below a specific dollar threshold. 
 The WEST VI structured facility includes restrictions and limitations on the sale of assets in that facility including, with respect to pro forma limitations on assets subject to part-out agreements, a 15 limitation on sales prior to May 2023 and a 20 limitation on sales prior to May 2025, and also, in certain situations, with respect to a 10 limit on assets sold below a specific dollar threshold per calendar year. 
 These limitations on our ability to sell equipment in our portfolio could diminish our ability to manage and optimize our portfolio of airline equipment and, as a result, could have a material and adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, and cash flows. 
 Our inability to maintain sufficient liquidity could limit our operational flexibility and also impact our ability to make payments on our obligations as they come due. 
 In addition to being capital intensive and highly leveraged, our business also requires that we maintain sufficient liquidity to enable us to contribute the non-financed portion of engine and aircraft purchases as well as to service our payment obligations to our creditors as they become due, despite the fact that the timing and amounts of payments under our leases do not match the timing under our debt service obligations. Our restricted cash is unavailable for general corporate purposes. Accordingly, our ability to successfully execute our business strategy and maintain our operations depends on our ability to continue to maintain sufficient liquidity, cash and available credit under our credit facilities. Our liquidity could be adversely impacted if we are subjected to one or more of the following: a significant decline in lease revenues, a material increase in interest expense that is not matched by a corresponding increase in lease rates, a significant increase in operating expenses, or a reduction in our available credit under our credit facilities. If we do not maintain sufficient liquidity, our ability to meet our payment obligations to creditors or to borrow additional funds could become impaired as could our ability to make dividend payments or other distributions to our equity holders. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Financial Position, Liquidity and Capital Resources. 
 
 Inflation may adversely affect us by increasing costs beyond what we can recover through price increases. 
 
 Recently, inflation has increased throughout the U.S. economy. Inflation can adversely affect us by increasing the costs of labor and other costs as well as by reducing demand for air travel. In addition, inflation is often accompanied by higher interest rates, which could reduce the fair value of our outstanding debt obligations. In an inflationary environment, depending on airline industry and other economic conditions, we may be unable to raise prices enough to keep up with the rate of inflation, which would reduce our profit margins. We have experienced, and continue to experience, increases in the prices of labor and other costs of providing service. Continued inflationary pressures could impact our profitabilit y. 
 Risks Related to The Common Stock Trading Price 
 The Company s Common Stock trading price may be affected by numerous factors that may impose a financial risk on the Company s stockholders. 
 The trading price of our common stock may fluctuate due to many factors, including but not limited to the following: 
 risks relating to our business described in this Annual Report; 
 sales or purchases of our securities by a few stockholders or even a single significant stockholder; 
 general economic conditions; 
 changes in accounting mandated under GAAP; 
 quarterly variations in our operating results; 
 our financial condition, performance and prospects; 
 changes in financial estimates by us; 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 the level, direction and volatility of interest rates and expectations of changes in rates; 
 the market for securities similar to our common stock; 
 changes in our capital structure, including additional issuances by us of debt or equity securities; and 
 failure to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting. 
 In addition, the U.S. stock markets have experienced price and volume volatility that have affected many companies stock prices, often for reasons unrelated to the operating performance of those companies. 
 Risks Related to Our Foreign Operations 
 A substantial portion of our lease revenue comes from foreign customers, subjecting us to divergent regulatory requirements. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, 60 of our lease rent revenue was generated by leases to foreign customers. Such international leases present risks to us because certain foreign laws, regulations and judicial procedures may not be as protective of lessor rights as those which apply in the U.S. We are also subject to risks of foreign laws that affect the timing and access to courts and may limit our remedies when collecting lease payments and recovering assets. We also can give no assurance that political instability abroad and changes in the policies of foreign nations will not present expropriation risks in the future that are not covered by insurance. 
 Substantially all of our leases require payments in U.S. dollars but many of our customers operate in other currencies; if foreign currencies devalue against the U.S. dollar, our lessees may be unable to make their payments to us. 
 Substantially all of our current leases require that payments be made in U.S. dollars. If the currency that our lessees typically use in operating their businesses devalues against the U.S. dollar, those lessees could encounter difficulties in making payments in U.S. dollars. Furthermore, many foreign countries have currency and exchange laws regulating international payments that may impede or prevent payments from being paid to us in U.S. dollars. Future leases may provide for payments to be made in euros or other foreign currencies. Any change in the currency exchange rate that reduces the amount of U.S. dollars obtained by us upon conversion of future lease payments denominated in euros or other foreign currencies, may, if not appropriately hedged by us, have a material adverse effect on us and increase the volatility of our earnings. If payments on our leases are made in foreign currency, our risks and hedging costs will increase. 
 We operate globally and are affected by our customers local and regional economic and other risks. 
 We believe that our customers growth and financial condition are driven by economic growth in their service areas. The largest portion of our foreign lease revenues comes from Europe. European airline operations are among the most heavily regulated in the world. At the same time, low-cost carriers have exerted substantial competitive and financial pressure on major European airlines. Low-cost carriers are having similar effects in North America and elsewhere. 
 Our operations may also be affected by political or economic instability, such as those arising from the escalating conflict between Russia and Ukraine; in the areas, countries or regions where we have customers, particularly Europe. 
 We may not be able to enforce our rights as a creditor if a lessee files for bankruptcy outside of the U.S. 
 When a debtor seeks protection under the United States Bankruptcy Code Bankruptcy Code ), creditors are automatically stayed from enforcing their rights. In the case of U.S.-certificated airlines, Section 1110 of the Bankruptcy Code provides certain relief to lessors of aircraft equipment. Section 1110 has been the subject of significant litigation and we can give no assurance that Section 1110 will protect our investment in aircraft or engines in the event of a lessee s bankruptcy. In addition, Section 1110 does not apply to lessees located outside of the U.S. and applicable foreign laws may not provide comparable protection. 
 Liens on our engines or aircraft could exceed the value of such assets, which could negatively affect our ability to repossess, lease or sell a particular engine or aircraft. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Liens that secure the payment of repairers charges or other liens may, depending on the jurisdiction, attach to engines and aircraft. Engines also may be installed on airframes to which liens unrelated to the engines have attached. These liens may secure substantial sums that may, in certain jurisdictions or for limited types of liens, exceed the value of the particular engine or aircraft to which the liens have attached. In some jurisdictions, a lien may give the holder the right to detain or, in limited cases, sell or cause the forfeiture of the engine or aircraft. Such liens may have priority over our interest as well as our creditors interest in the engines or aircraft, either because they have such priority under applicable local law or because our creditors security interests are not filed in jurisdictions outside the U.S. These liens and lien holders could impair our ability to repossess and lease or sell the engines or aircraft. We cannot give assurance that our lessees will comply with their obligations to discharge third-party liens on our assets. If they do not, we may, in the future, find it necessary to pay the claims secured by such liens to repossess such assets. 
 In certain countries, an engine affixed to an aircraft may become an accession to the aircraft and we may not be able to exercise our ownership rights over the engine. 
 In some jurisdictions, an engine affixed to an aircraft may become an accession to the aircraft, so that the ownership rights of the owner of the aircraft supersede the ownership rights of the owner of the engine. If an aircraft is security for the owner s obligations to a third party, the security interest in the aircraft may supersede our rights as owner of the engine. This legal principle could limit our ability to repossess an engine in the event of a lessee bankruptcy or lease default while the aircraft with the engine installed remains in such a jurisdiction. We may suffer a loss if we are not able to repossess engines leased to lessees in these jurisdictions. 
 Changes to trade policy, tariff, sanction and import/export regulations may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Changes in U.S. or international, political, regulatory and economic conditions or in laws and policies governing foreign trade and investment in the territories or countries where we currently conduct our business, could adversely affect our business. The executive branch of the U.S. government has instituted or proposed changes in trade policies that include the negotiation or termination of trade agreements, the imposition of higher tariffs on imports into the U.S., economic sanctions on corporations or countries, and other government regulations affecting trade between the U.S. and other countries that will affect the manner in which we conduct our business. Trading partners of the U.S. have also implemented and threatened to implement retaliatory tariffs and/or other impediments to trade. 
 As a result of new or threatened tariffs, sanctions and/or impediments to trade, both from the U.S. and other countries, there may be greater restrictions and economic disincentives on international trade. The new or threatened tariffs, sanctions and other changes in trade policy could trigger retaliatory actions by affected countries, and certain foreign governments have instituted or are considering imposing tariffs and/or economic sanctions on certain U.S. goods. We do a significant amount of business that would be impacted by changes to the trade policies of the U.S. and foreign countries (including governmental action related to tariffs, international trade agreements, or economic sanctions). Such changes have the potential to adversely impact the U.S. economy or certain sectors thereof, our industry and the global demand for our products and services, and as a result, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The effects of the UK s withdrawal from the EU Brexit ), including on trade agreements, are not yet known and the uncertainty creates challenges and risks which may materially and adversely affect our business. 
 On June 23, 2016, the UK voted in favor of a referendum to leave the EU, commonly referred to as Brexit and the UK ceased to be a member of the EU on January 31, 2020. A transition period through December 31, 2020 was established to allow the UK and the EU to negotiate the terms of the UK s withdrawal. However, there is continued uncertainty surrounding the future relationship between the UK and the EU, including any trade agreements between them, which could adversely affect European and worldwide economic and market conditions, and contribute to instability in global financial and foreign exchange markets. In addition, Brexit could lead to legal uncertainty and potentially divergent national laws and regulations as the UK determines which European Laws to replace or replicate. The ultimate effects of Brexit will depend on the specific terms of any agreement the UK and the EU reach to provide access to each other s respective markets. 
 We have a presence in the UK and certain EU countries, including Ireland, and France. During 2022, we derived approximately 60 of our core lease rent revenue from international business. The consequences of Brexit could introduce significant uncertainties into global financial markets and adversely impact the markets in which we and our customers operate. 
 Risks Related to Our Small Size and Corporate Structure 
 Intense competition in our industry, particularly with major companies with substantially greater financial, personnel, marketing and other resources, could cause our revenues and business to suffer. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 The engine and aircraft leasing industry is highly competitive and global. Our primary competitors include AerCap Holdings N.V., GE Capital Aviation Services, Shannon Engine Support Ltd., Pratt Whitney, Rolls-Royce Partners Finance and Engine Lease Finance Corporation. 
 Our primary competitors generally have significantly greater financial, personnel and other resources, as well as a physical presence in more locations, than we do. In addition, competing engine lessors may have lower costs of capital and may provide financial or technical services or other inducements to customers, including the ability to sell or lease aircraft, offer maintenance and repair services or provide other forms of financing that we do not provide. We cannot give assurance that we will be able to compete effectively or that competitive pressures will not adversely affect us. 
 There is no organized market for the spare engines or the aircraft we purchase. Typically, we purchase engines and aircraft from commercial aircraft operators, engine manufacturers, MROs and other suppliers. We rely on our representatives, advertisements and reputation to generate opportunities to purchase and sell engines and aircraft. The market for purchasing engine and aircraft portfolios is highly competitive, generally involving an auction bidding process. We can give no assurance that engines and aircraft will continue to be available to us on acceptable terms and in the types and quantities we seek consistent with the diversification requirements of our debt facilities and our portfolio diversification goals. 
 Substantially all of our assets are pledged to our creditors. 
 Substantially all of our assets are pledged to secure our obligations to creditors. Our revolving credit banks have a lien on all of our assets, including our residual interests in WEST III, WEST IV, WEST V and WEST VI. Due to WEST III s, WEST IV s, WEST V s and WEST VI s bankruptcy remote structure, that interest is subject to the prior payments of WEST III s, WEST IV s, WEST V s and WEST VI s debt and other obligations. Therefore, our rights and the rights of our creditors to participate in any distribution of the assets of WEST III, WEST IV, WEST V and WEST VI upon liquidation, reorganization, dissolution or winding up will be subject to the prior claims of WEST III s, WEST IV s, WEST V s and WEST VI s creditors. Similarly, the rights of our shareholders are subject to satisfaction of the claims of our lenders and other creditors. 
 We may be unable to manage the expansion of our operations. 
 We can give no assurance that we will be able to manage effectively the current and potential expansion of our operations, or that if we are successful expanding our operations that our systems, procedures or controls will be adequate to support our operations, in which event our business, financial condition, results and cash flows could be adversely affected. 
 Any acquisition or expansion involves various risks, which may include some or all of the following: 
 incurring or assuming additional debt; 
 diversion of management s time and attention from ongoing business operations; 
 future charges to earnings related to the possible impairment of goodwill and the write down of other intangible assets; 
 risks of unknown or contingent liabilities; 
 difficulties in the assimilation of operations, services, products and personnel; 
 unanticipated costs and delays; 
 risks that the acquired business does not perform consistently with our growth and profitability expectations; 
 risks that growth will strain our infrastructure, staff, internal controls and management, which may require additional personnel, time and expenditures; and 
 potential loss of key employees and customers. 
 Any of the above factors could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 We are subject to governmental regulation and our failure to comply with these regulations could cause the government to withdraw or revoke our authorizations and approvals to do business and could subject us to penalties and sanctions that could harm our business. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Governmental agencies throughout the world, including the FAA, highly regulate the manufacture, repair and operation of all aircraft operated in the U.S. and equivalent regulatory agencies in other countries, such as the EASA in Europe, regulate aircraft operated in those countries. We include, with the aircraft, engines and related parts that we purchase, lease and sell to our customers, documentation certifying that each part complies with applicable regulatory requirements and meets applicable standards of airworthiness established by the FAA or the equivalent regulatory agencies in other countries. Specific regulations vary from country to country, although regulatory requirements in other countries are generally satisfied by compliance with FAA requirements. With respect to a particular engine or engine component, we utilize FAA and/or EASA certified repair stations to repair and certify engines and components to ensure marketability. The revocation or suspension of any of our material authorizations or approvals would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. New and more stringent government regulations, if adopted and enacted, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, certain product sales to foreign countries require approval or licensing from the U.S. government. Denial of export licenses could reduce our sales to those countries and could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 We are effectively controlled by one principal stockholder, who has the power to contest the outcome of most matters submitted to the stockholders for approval and to affect our stock prices adversely if he were to sell substantial amounts of his common stock. 
 Charles F. Willis, IV is the founder of WLFC, has served as a Director since our establishment in 1985, served as Chief Executive Officer from 1985 until April 2022, served as President until July 2011, and has served as Chairman of the Board of Directors from 1996 until April 2022, when he became Executive Chairman. Mr. Willis has over 45 years of experience in the aviation industry which includes serving as President of Willis Lease s predecessor, Charles F. Willis Company, which purchased, financed and sold a variety of large commercial transport aircraft and provided consulting services to the aviation industry, Assistant Vice President of Sales at Seaboard World Airlines, a freight carrier, and various positions at Alaska Airlines, including positions in the flight operations, sales and marketing departments. Mr. Willis brings to the Board significant senior leadership, sales and marketing, industry, technical and global experience, as well as a deep institutional knowledge of the Company, its operations and customer relations . 
 As of December 31, 2022, Mr. Willis beneficially owned or had the ability to direct the voting of 3,073,706 shares of our common stock, representing approximately 46 of the issued shares of our common stock. As a result, Mr. Willis effectively controls the Company and has the power to contest the outcome of substantially all matters submitted to our stockholders for approval, including the election of the Company's board of directors. In addition, future sales by Mr. Willis of substantial amounts of the Company's common stock, or the potential for such sales, could adversely affect the prevailing market price of the Company's common stock. 
 
 If the negotiation over a possible take-private transaction involving our company is not completed, our business could be harmed and our stock price could decline. 
 
 Since November 2022, an independent committee established by our Board of Directors has been reviewing and negotiating a proposal in which Mitsui Co., Ltd., a Japanese limited company, Fuyo General Lease Co., Ltd., JA Mitsui Leasing, Ltd., and CFW Partners, L.P. CFW would acquire all of the outstanding shares of the Company s common stock not already owned by CFW, Charles F. Willis, IV, Austin Chandler Willis and their respective affiliates. This would result in the Company's becoming a privately-held company. While the parties are negotiating in good faith a potential transaction, a complete proposal has not been submitted for consideration by the independent committee, including indicative financing terms, and there can be no assurance regarding the terms and details of any transaction, that any future proposal will be made, that any proposal will be accepted by the independent committee or that any take-private transaction will ultimately be consummated. If the negotiations cease or the potential transaction is terminated, the market price of our common stock will likely decline as the result of publicly disclosed prices communicated to the independent committee over the course of negotiations. In addition, our stock price may decline as a result of the fact that we have incurred and will continue to incur significant expenses related to the potential transaction prior to its execution or closing that will not be recovered if the potential transaction is not completed. As a consequence of the failure of the potential transaction to be completed, as well as of some or all of these potential effects of the termination of the potential transaction, our business could be harmed in that concerns about our viability are likely to increase, making it more difficult to retain employees and existing customers and to generate new business. 
 
 The possibility of a take-private transaction could harm our business, revenue and results of operations. 
 
 While negotiations with the independent committee are continuing and a potential transaction could occur, it creates uncertainty about our future. In prior years, there have been take-private negotiations that did not result in a take-private transaction. As a result of this uncertainty, customers may decide to delay, defer, or cancel purchases of our products pending completion of the potential transaction or termination of the potential transaction. If these decisions represent a significant portion of our anticipated revenue, our results of operations and quarterly revenues could be substantially below the expectations of investors. In addition, while negotiations are ongoing and a potential transaction could occur, we are subject to a number of risks that may harm our business, revenue and results of operations, including: 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 the diversion of management and employee attention and the unavoidable disruption to our relationships with customers and vendors may detract from our ability to grow revenues and minimize costs; 
 we have and will continue to incur significant expenses related to the potential transaction prior to its completion; and 
 we may be unable to respond effectively to competitive pressures, industry developments and future opportunities. 
 Our business might suffer if we were to lose the services of certain key employees. 
 Our business operations depend upon our key employees, including our executive officers. Loss of any of these employees, particularly our Executive Chairman, could have a material adverse effect on our business as our key employees have knowledge of our industry and customers and would be difficult to replace. 
 We are the servicer and administrative agent for the WEST III, WEST IV, WEST V and WEST VI facilities and our cash flows would be materially and adversely affected if we were removed from these positions. 
 We are the servicer and administrative agent with respect to engines in the WEST III, WEST IV, WEST V and WEST VI facilities. We receive monthly fees of 11.5 as servicer (3.5 of which is subordinated in each case) and 2.0 as administrative agent of the aggregate net rents actually received by WEST III, WEST IV, WEST V and WEST VI on their engines. We may be removed as servicer and or administrative agent of our WEST III, WEST IV, WEST V and WEST VI facilities by an affirmative vote of a requisite number of the WEST III, WEST IV, WEST V and WEST VI note holders. Such vote could happen upon the occurrence of certain specified events as outlined in the WEST III, WEST IV, WEST V and WEST VI servicing and administrative agency agreements. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with the financial covenants set forth in the WEST III, WEST IV, WEST V and WEST VI servicing and administrative agency agreements. There can be no assurance that we will be in compliance with these covenants in the future or will not otherwise be terminated as servicer or administrative agent for the WEST III, WEST IV, WEST V and WEST VI facilities. If we are removed from such role with those facilities, our expenses would increase as our consolidated VIE s WEST III, WEST IV, WEST V and WEST VI, would have to hire an outside provider to replace the servicer and administrative agent functions, and we would be materially and adversely affected. Consequently, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows would be adversely affected. 
 Provisions in Delaware law and our charter and bylaws might prevent or delay a change of control. 
 Certain provisions of law, our amended certificate of incorporation, bylaws and amended rights agreement could make the following more difficult: (1) an acquisition of us by means of a tender offer, a proxy contest or otherwise, and (2) the removal of incumbent officers and directors. 
 Our board of directors has authorized the issuance of shares of 6.5 Series A Preferred Stock and 6.5 Series A-2 Preferred Stock, by us and to Development Bank of Japan Inc. DBJ ), with American Stock Transfer and Trust Company serving as rights agent. The rights agreement could make it more difficult to proceed with and tends to discourage a merger, tender offer or proxy contest. Our amended certificate of incorporation also provides that stockholder action can be taken only at an annual or special meeting of stockholders and may not be taken by written consent and, in certain circumstances relating to acquisitions or other changes in control, requires an 80 super majority vote of all outstanding shares of our common stock. Our bylaws also limit the ability of stockholders to raise matters at a meeting of stockholders without giving advance notice. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 
 Our principal offices are located in Coconut Creek, Florida where we own 56,000 square feet of office and warehouse space. We also own 130,000 square feet of office and warehouse space in Bridgend, Wales, UK. We lease 60,000 square feet of hangar and office space in Darlington, UK. We lease 45,000 square feet of warehouse space in Pompano Beach, Florida. We sub-lease 1,615 square feet of office and warehouse space for our operations in San Diego, California. We lease 4,166 square feet of office space in Dublin, Ireland. We also lease facilities for sales and operations in Larkspur, CA; Shanghai, China; Singapore; and Blagnac, France. 
 
 The Company s Leasing and Related Operations segment conducts business in all of the properties above except for Pompano Beach. The Spare Parts segment primarily conducts business in the Coconut Creek and Pompano Beach, Florida facilities. 
 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 None. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable. 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 Our Common Stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol WLFC. As of March 7, 2023, there were approximately 2,000 shareholders of record of our Common Stock. 
 
 We have not made any dividend payments to our common shareholders since our inception as all available cash has been utilized for the business. We have no intention of paying dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. In addition, certain of our debt facilities contain negative covenants which, in certain situations, prohibit us from paying any dividends or making distributions of any kind with respect to our common stock. The Series A-1 and Series A-2 Preferred Stock carry a quarterly dividend at the rate per annum of 6.5 per share, with a 20.00 liquidation preference per share. 
 
 The following table outlines our Equity Compensation Plan Information: 
 
 Plan Category Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) (a) (b) (c) Plans Not Approved by Shareholders: None n/a n/a n/a Plans Approved by Shareholders: Employee Stock Purchase Plan n/a 113,538 2007 Stock Incentive Plan n/a 2021 Stock Incentive Plan n/a 637,896 Total n/a 751,434 
 
 The 2007 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2007 Plan was adopted in May 2007. Under this 2007 Plan, a total of 2,800,000 shares were authorized for stock-based compensation available in the form of either restricted stock awards RSAs or stock options. The RSAs are subject to service-based vesting, typically between one and four years, in which a specific period of continued employment must pass before an award vests. The expense associated with these awards is recognized on a straight-line basis over the respective vesting period, with forfeitures accounted for as they occur. For any vesting tranche of an award, the cumulative amount of compensation cost recognized is equal to the portion of the grant date fair value of the award tranche that is actually vested at that date. As of December 31, 2022, there were no stock options outstanding under the 2007 Plan. 
 
 The 2018 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2018 Plan was adopted in May 2018. Under this 2018 Plan, a total of 800,000 shares were authorized for stock-based compensation, plus the number of shares remaining under the 2007 Plan and any future forfeited awards under the 2007 Plan, in the form of RSAs. In November 2021, the 2018 Plan was amended and restated as the 2021 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2021 Plan to increase the number of shares reserved for issuance under the 2021 Plan by 1,000,000 shares. The RSAs are subject to either service-based vesting, which is typically between one and four years, in which a specific period of continued employment must pass before an award vests, or performance-based vesting, which is typically over one year. The expense associated with these awards is recognized on a straight-line basis over the respective vesting period, with forfeitures accounted for as they occur. For any vesting tranche of an award, the cumulative amount of compensation cost recognized is equal to the portion of the grant date fair value of the award tranche that is actually vested at that date. 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had granted 1,256,700 RSAs under the 2021 Plan and has 637,896 shares available for future issuance. The fair value of the restricted stock awards equaled the stock price at the grant date. 
 
 At its October 26, 2022 meeting, the Board of Directors approved the renewal of the existing common stock repurchase plan which allows for repurchases of up to 60.0 million of the Company's common stock, extending the plan through December 31, 2024. Repurchased shares are immediately retired. During 2022, the Company repurchased 154,215 shares of common stock for approximately 5.2 million at a weighted average price of 33.98. At December 31, 2022, approximately 39.6 million was available to purchase shares under the plan. As of December 31, 2022, the total number of common shares issued was approximately 6.6 million. 

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 
 
 Not applicable. 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

OVERVIEW 
 
 Forward-Looking Statements. This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements other than statements of historical fact, including statements regarding prospects or future results of operations or financial position, made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are forward-looking. We use words such as anticipates, believes, expects, future, intends, and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements reflect management s current expectations and are inherently uncertain. Actual results could differ materially for a variety of reasons, including, among others: the effects on the airline industry and the global economy of events such as terrorist activity and the COVID-19 pandemic, changes in oil prices and other disruptions to the world markets; trends in the airline industry and our ability to capitalize on those trends, including growth rates of markets and other economic factors; risks associated with owning and leasing jet engines and aircraft; our ability to successfully negotiate equipment purchases, sales and leases, to collect outstanding amounts due and to control costs and expenses; changes in interest rates and availability of capital, both to us and our customers; our ability to continue to meet the changing customer demands; regulatory changes affecting airline operations, aircraft maintenance, accounting standards and taxes; and the market value of engines and other assets in our portfolio. These risks and uncertainties, as well as other risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ significantly from management s expectations, are described in greater detail in Item 1A Risk Factors of Part I which, along with the other discussion in this report, describes some, but not all, of the factors that could cause actual results to differ significantly from management s expectations. 
 
 General . Our core business is acquiring and leasing commercial aircraft and aircraft engines and related aircraft equipment pursuant to operating leases, all of which we sometimes collectively refer to as equipment. As of December 31, 2022, the majority of our leases were operating leases with the exception of certain failed sale-leaseback transactions classified as notes receivable under the guidance provided by ASC 842 and investments in sales-type leases. As of December 31, 2022, we had 80 lessees in 41 countries. Our portfolio is continually changing due to acquisitions and sales. As of December 31, 2022, we had 2,111.9 million of equipment held in our operating lease portfolio, 81.4 million of notes receivable, 17.7 million of maintenance rights, and 6.4 million of investments in sales-type leases, which represented 339 engines, 13 aircraft, one marine vessel and other leased parts and equipment. As of December 31, 2022, we also managed 324 engines, aircraft and related equipment on behalf of other parties. 
 
 Willis Aero is a wholly-owned and vertically-integrated subsidiary whose primary focus is the sale of aircraft engine parts and materials through the acquisition or consignment of aircraft engines. Willis Asset Management is a wholly-owned and vertically-integrated subsidiary whose primary focus is the engine management and consulting business. 
 
 In 2011 we entered into an agreement with Mitsui Co., Ltd. to participate in a joint venture formed as a Dublin-based Irish limited company, WMES, for the purpose of acquiring and leasing jet engines. Each partner holds a 50 interest in the joint venture. WMES owns a lease portfolio of 35 engines and five aircraft with a net book value of 255.5 million at December 31, 2022. Our investment in the joint venture was 41.0 million as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 In 2014 we entered into an agreement with CASC to participate in CASC Willis, a joint venture based in Shanghai, China. Each partner holds a 50 interest in the joint venture. CASC Willis acquires and leases jet engines to Chinese airlines and concentrates on meeting the fast-growing demand for leased commercial aircraft engines and aviation assets in the People s Republic of China. CASC Willis owned a lease portfolio of four engines with a net book value of 42.7 million as of December 31, 2022. Our investment in the joint venture was 15.2 million as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 We actively manage our portfolio and structure our leases to maximize the residual values of our leased assets. Our leasing business focuses on popular Stage IV commercial jet engines manufactured by CFMI, General Electric, Pratt Whitney, Rolls Royce and International Aero Engines. These engines are the most widely used engines in the world, powering Airbus, Boeing, Bombardier and Embraer aircraft. 
 
 COVID-19 Impact. In January 2022, the Company lifted travel restrictions and subsequently reopened its corporate headquarters and other offices for employees and contractors to work from. The Company has experienced and continues to experience various degrees of disruption due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Lower demand for air travel presents significant risks to the Company, resulting in impacts which have adversely affected the Company's business, results of operations, and financial condition. The Company is not able to evaluate or foresee the full extent of these impacts at the current time. 
 
 The scope and nature of the impact of COVID-19 on the airline industry, and in turn the Company's business, continue to evolve and the outcomes are uncertain. Given the uncertainty in the rapidly changing market and economic conditions related to COVID-19, we will continue to evaluate the nature and extent of the impact to the Company's business and financial position. The ultimate extent of the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Company will depend on future developments, and such effects could exist for an extended period of time. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 
 
 The preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates, including those related to residual values, estimated asset lives, impairments and bad debts. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
 
 We believe the following critical accounting policies, grouped by our activities, affect our more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements: 
 
 Leasing Related Activities . Revenue from leasing of aircraft equipment is recognized as operating lease revenue on a straight-line basis over the terms of the applicable lease agreements. Where collection cannot be reasonably assured, for example, upon a lessee bankruptcy, we do not recognize revenue until cash is received. We also estimate and charge to income a provision for bad debts based on our experience in the business and with each specific customer and the level of past due accounts. The financial condition of our customers may deteriorate and result in actual losses exceeding the estimated allowances. In addition, any deterioration in the financial condition of our customers may adversely affect future lease revenues. As of December 31, 2022, the majority of our leases were operating leases with the exception of certain failed sale-leaseback transactions classified as notes receivable under the guidance provided by ASC 842 and investments in sales-type leases. Under these leases, we retain title to the leased equipment, thereby retaining the potential benefit and assuming the risk of the residual value of the leased equipment. 
 
 We generally depreciate engines on a straight-line basis over 15 years to a 55 residual value. Aircraft and airframes are generally depreciated on a straight-line basis over 13 to 20 years to a 15 to 17 residual value. The marine vessel is depreciated on a straight-line basis over an estimated useful life of 18 years to a 15 residual value. Other leased parts and equipment are generally depreciated on a straight-line basis over 14 to 15 years to a 25 residual value. Major overhauls paid for by us, which improve functionality or extend the original useful life, are capitalized and depreciated over the shorter of the estimated period to the next overhaul deferral method or the remaining useful life of the equipment. We do not accrue for planned major maintenance. For equipment which is unlikely to be repaired at the end of its current expected life, and is likely to be disassembled upon lease termination, we depreciate the equipment over its estimated life to a residual value based on an estimate of the wholesale value of the parts after disassembly. As of December 31, 2022, 28 engines having a net book value of 24.2 million were depreciated under this policy with estimated remaining useful lives ranging from 1 to 101 months. 
 
 Asset Valuation . Long-lived assets and certain identifiable intangibles to be held and used are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable, and long-lived assets and certain identifiable intangibles to be disposed of are reported at the lower of carrying amount or fair value less cost to sell. 
 
 On a quarterly basis, management monitors the lease portfolio for events which may indicate that a particular asset may need to be evaluated for potential impairment. These events may include a decision to part-out or sell an asset, knowledge of specific damage to an asset e.g. , impairment of two engines as a result of the Russia and Ukraine conflict), or supply/demand events which may impact the Company s ability to lease an asset in the future. On an annual basis, even absent any such triggering event , we evaluate the carrying value of the assets in our lease portfolio to determine if any impairment exists. 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Impairment may be identified by several factors, including, comparison of estimated sales proceeds or forecasted undiscounted cash flows over the life of the asset with the asset s book value. If the forecasted undiscounted cash flows are less than the book value, the asset is written down to its fair value. When evaluating for impairment, we test at the individual asset level e.g. , engine or aircraft), as each asset generates its own stream of cash flows, including lease rents, maintenance reserves and repair costs. 
 
 We must make assumptions which underlie the most significant and subjective estimates in determining whether any impairment exists. Those estimates, and the underlying assumptions, are as follows: 
 
 Fair value we determine fair value by reference to independent appraisals, quoted market prices e.g. , an offer to purchase) and other factors, including but not limited to current data from airlines, engine manufacturers and MRO providers as well as specific market sales and repair cost data. 
 
 Future cash flows when evaluating the future cash flows that an asset will generate, we make assumptions regarding the lease market for specific engine models, including estimates of market lease rates and future demand. These assumptions are based upon lease rates that we are obtaining in the current market as well as our expectation of future demand for the specific engine/aircraft model. 
 
 If the forecasted undiscounted cash flows and fair value of our long-lived assets decrease in the future, we may incur impairment charges. Write-downs of equipment to their estimated fair values totaled 21.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily reflecting an adjustment of the carrying value of four impaired engines. Of these write-downs, 20.4 million reflects the impairment of two engines located in Russia which were determined, due to the Russia and Ukraine conflict, to be unrecoverable. The remaining write-downs were in the ordinary course of business. As of December 31, 2022, included within equipment held for lease and equipment held for sale was 32.4 million in remaining book value of 16 assets which were previously written down. 
 
 Write-downs of equipment to their estimated fair values totaled 7.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 which included write-downs of 3.9 million due to a management decision to monetize three engines and one airframe either by sale to a third party or for part-out and 3.8 million for the adjustment of the carrying value of seven impaired engines. 
 
 Management continuously monitors the aviation industry and evaluates any trends, events and uncertainties involving airlines, individual aircraft and engine models, as well as the engine leasing and sale market which would materially affect the methodology or assumptions employed by WLFC. We do not consider there to be any trends, events or uncertainties that currently exist or that are reasonably likely to occur that would materially affect our methodology or assumptions. However, should any arise, we will adjust our methodology and our disclosure accordingly. 
 
 Spare parts inventory is stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. An impairment charge for excess or inactive inventory is recorded based upon an analysis that considers current inventory levels, historical usage patterns, future sales expectations and salvage value. 
 
 Accounting for Maintenance Expenditures and Maintenance Reserves. Use fees received are recognized in revenue as maintenance reserve revenue if they are not reimbursable to the lessee. Use fees that are reimbursable are recorded as a maintenance reserve liability until they are reimbursed to the lessee, the lease terminates, or the obligation to reimburse the lessee for such reserves ceases to exist, at which time they are recognized in revenue as maintenance reserve revenue. Our expenditures for maintenance are expensed as incurred. Expenditures that meet the criteria for capitalization are recorded as an addition to equipment recorded on the balance sheet. 

RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 
 
 The most recent adopted and to be adopted accounting pronouncements are described in Note 1(x) to our Consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 
 Revenue is summarized as follows: 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change (dollars in thousands) Lease rent revenue 162,571 134,831 20.6 Maintenance reserve revenue 83,424 73,961 12.8 Spare parts and equipment sales 27,009 17,417 55.1 Interest income 7,579 12,938 (41.4) Gain on sale of leased equipment 3,133 5,975 (47.6) Gain on sale of financial assets 3,116 10,874 (71.3) Asset transition fee 6,256 (100.0) Other revenue 25,095 11,950 110.0 Total revenue 311,927 274,202 13.8 
 
 Lease Rent Revenue . Lease rent revenue consists of rental income from long-term and short-term engine leases, aircraft leases, and other leased parts and equipment. Lease rent revenue increased by 27.7 million, or 20.6 , to 162.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 134.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase is primarily due to an increase in the number of engines acquired and placed on lease, including an increase in utilization compared to the prior period. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we purchased equipment (including capitalized costs) totaling 286.4 million, which consisted of 46 engines, one aircraft and other parts and equipment purchased for our lease portfolio. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we purchased equipment (including capitalized costs) totaling 205.8 million, which primarily consisted of 34 engines, four airframes, one aircraft and other parts and equipment purchased for our lease portfolio. 
 
 One customer accounted for more than 10 of total lease rent revenue during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 2,111.9 million of equipment held in our operating lease portfolio, 81.4 million of notes receivable, 17.7 million of maintenance rights, and 6.4 million of investments in sales-type leases. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had 1,991.4 million of equipment held in our operating lease portfolio, 115.5 million of notes receivable, and 22.5 million of maintenance rights. Average utilization (based on net book value) was approximately 82 and 81 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Maintenance Reserve Revenue . Maintenance reserve revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 9.5 million, or 12.8 , to 83.4 million from 74.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Long-term maintenance revenue was 36.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 56.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Engines out on lease with non-reimbursable usage fees generated 47.4 million of short-term maintenance revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 17.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, as a result of recovery in global flight traffic subsequent to the most significant impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic. As of December 31, 2022, there was 6.3 million of deferred in-substance fixed payment use fees included in Unearned Revenue. 
 
 Spare Parts and Equipment Sales . Spare parts and equipment sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased by 9.6 million, or 55.1 , to 27.0 million compared to 17.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Spare parts sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 25.9 million compared to 17.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in spare parts sales was driven by an industry-wide increase in engine and aircraft utilization, and the demand for parts associated with such increase compared to the prior year period. There were equipment sales of 1.1 million for the sales of two engines during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to no equipment sales during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Interest Income. Interest income decreased by 5.4 million, to 7.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 12.9 million in 2021. The decrease is primarily the result of a decrease in notes receivable of 34.0 million, partially offset by an increase in investments in sales-type leases of 6.4 million. 
 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Gain on Sale of Leased Equipment . During the year ended December 31, 2022, we sold 25 engines from the lease portfolio for a net gain of 3.1 million. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we sold 12 engines and one airframe from the lease portfolio for a net gain of 6.0 million. 
 
 Gain on Sale of Financial Assets. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we sold four notes receivable for a net gain of 3.1 million. There were two notes receivable sold for a 10.9 million net gain on sale of financial assets during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Asset Transition Fee. There was no asset transition fee during the year ended December 31, 2022. Asset transition fee was 6.3 million during the year ended December 31, 2021 reflecting the settlement received from the close out of an engine transition program. 
 
 Other Revenue. Other revenue increased by 13.1 million, to 25.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 12.0 million in 2021. The increase primarily reflects an increase of 12.2 million in managed service revenues subsequent to the most significant impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 
 Depreciation and Amortization Expense . Depreciation and amortization expense decreased 2.2 million, or 2.5 , to 88.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 90.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease reflects certain assets reaching the end of their depreciable lives as compared to the prior year period. 
 
 Cost of Spare Parts and Equipment Sales . Cost of spare parts and equipment sales increased by 5.9 million, or 39.6 , to 20.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 14.9 million in the prior year period due to higher spare parts sales and aged lot write-downs. Cost of equipment sales was 0.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to no cost of equipment sales for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Write-down of Equipment. Write-downs of equipment to their estimated fair values totaled 21.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily reflecting an adjustment of the carrying value of four impaired engines. Of these write-downs, 20.4 million reflects the impairment of two engines located in Russia which were determined, due to the Russia and Ukraine conflict, to be unrecoverable. The remaining write-downs were in the ordinary course of business. Write-downs of equipment totaled 7.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 which included write-downs of 3.9 million due to a management decision to monetize three engines and one airframe either by sale to a third party or for part-out and 3.8 million for the adjustment of the carrying value of seven impaired engines. 
 
 General and Administrative Expenses . General and administrative expenses increased 22.8 to 92.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 75.4 million in 2021. The increase primarily reflects a 3.8 million increase in personnel costs, inclusive of a 1.0 million bonus to our Executive Chairman for his 25 years of prior service to the Company, as well as a 2.2 million reduction to the prior year period personnel costs resulting from the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act employee retention credit. Additionally, with the lifting of travel bans and the opening of various markets, travel and related costs increased by 3.8 million as our sales force reengaged with customers globally. Project costs increased by 3.5 million, primarily related to an increase in managed service revenues subsequent to the most significant impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 
 Technical Expense . Technical expenses consist of the non-capitalized cost of engine repairs, engine thrust rental fees, outsourced technical support services, sublease engine rental expense, engine storage and freight costs. These expenses increased 53.7 to 14.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 9.4 million in 2021. The increase is primarily due to an increase in engine maintenance due to an industry-wide increase in engine and aircraft utilization and engine hub repairs resulting from a FAA airworthiness directive, as compared to the prior year period. 
 
 Net Finance Costs . Net finance costs decreased to 64.2 million in the year ended December 31, 2022, from 68.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily due to a 2.6 million gain on debt extinguishment associated with the repurchase of six tranches of ABS notes as well as a reduction in interest expense primarily related to assets that transitioned in our WEST VI financing, which allowed for restricted cash to pay down credit facility indebtedness. 
 
 Income Taxes . Income tax expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased to 4.4 million from 5.8 million for the comparable period in 2021. The effective tax rate for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was 44.5 and 63.3 , respectively. The decrease in the effective tax rate was predominantly due to a state tax benefit recognized in 2022. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 FINANCIAL POSITION, LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had 89.0 million of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash. At December 31, 2022, 10.7 million in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash were held in foreign subsidiaries. Other than 6.2 million held at a subsidiary in China, for which the tax impact of the planned repatriation has been accrued, we do not intend to repatriate the funds held in other foreign subsidiaries to the U.S. In the event that we decide to repatriate these funds held at the other foreign subsidiaries to the U.S., we would be required to accrue and pay taxes upon the repatriation. 
 
 We generate significant cash flow from our core business as evidenced by our net cash provided by operating activities which was 144.4 million in 2022. Beyond cash provided through operations, we generally fund the growth of our business through a combination of equity and corporate borrowings secured by our equipment lease portfolio. Cash of approximately 284.0 million and 513.7 million in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, was derived from this borrowing activity. In these same time periods 228.8 million and 417.0 million, respectively, was used to pay down related debt. 
 
 Our credit facility is our primary source of capital to grow our business. We also access the ABS and other markets to establish term fixed rate debt financing to better match our long-lived assets. The Company s credit facility matures in 2024 and we have historically rolled that facility prior to its expiration. The ABS market continues to be open for issuers like the Company. Refer to Note 6 of the consolidated financial statements for a detailed discussion of the Company s debt obligations. 
 
 The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the global business environment has caused and could result in additional customer bankruptcies, early lease returns, payment defaults, or future rental concessions which could reduce rent or defer customer payments, negatively impacting our financial results. 
 
 Preferred Stock Dividends 
 
 In October 2016, the Company sold and issued to DBJ an aggregate of 1,000,000 shares of the Company s 6.5 Series A Preferred Stock, 0.01 par value per share (the Series A Preferred Stock at a purchase price of 20.00 per share. The net proceeds to the Company after deducting investor fees were 19.8 million. 
 
 In September 2017, the Company sold and issued to DBJ an aggregate of 1,500,000 shares of the Company s 6.5 Series A-2 Preferred Stock, 0.01 par value per share (the Series A-2 Preferred Stock at a purchase price of 20.00 per share. The net proceeds to the Company after deducting issuance costs were 29.7 million. 
 
 The Company s Series A-1 Preferred Stock and Series A-2 Preferred Stock accrue quarterly dividends at the rate per annum of 6.5 per share. During each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company paid total dividends of 3.3 million on the Series A-1 and Series A-2 Preferred Stock, respectively. 
 
 Cash Flows Discussion 
 
 Cash flows provided by operating activities were 144.4 million and 90.7 million in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Cash flows from operations are driven significantly by payments made under our lease agreements, which comprise lease revenue, security deposits and maintenance reserves, and are offset by interest expense and general and administrative costs. Cash received as maintenance reserve payments for some of our engines on lease are partially restricted by our debt arrangements. The lease revenue stream, in the short term, is at fixed rates while a portion of our debt is at variable rates. If interest rates increase, it is unlikely we could increase lease rates in the short term and this would cause a reduction in our earnings and operating cash flows. Revenue and maintenance reserves are also affected by the amount of equipment off lease. Approximately 80 and 82 , by book value, of our assets were on-lease as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The average utilization rate for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was approximately 82 and 81 , respectively. If there is an increase in off-lease rates or deterioration in lease rates that are not offset by reductions in interest rates, there will be a negative impact on earnings and cash flows from operations. 
 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Cash flows used in investing activities were 194.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and primarily reflected 15.3 million related to a lease entered into during 2022 which was classified as a note receivable under ASC 842 and 286.4 million for the purchase of equipment held for operating lease (including capitalized costs and prepaid deposits made during the year), partly offset by 69.2 million in proceeds from sales of equipment (net of selling expenses) and 40.7 million in proceeds from the sale of notes receivable (net of selling expenses). Cash flows used in investing activities were 148.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 and primarily reflected 44.4 million related to leases entered into during 2021 which were classified as notes receivable under ASC 842 and 205.8 million for the purchase of equipment held for operating lease (including capitalized costs and prepaid deposits made during the year), partly offset by 37.6 million in proceeds from sales of equipment (net of selling expenses) and 58.4 million in proceeds from the sale of notes receivable (net of selling expense). 
 
 Cash flows provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 43.3 million and primarily reflected 284.0 million in proceeds from the issuance of debt obligations, partly offset by 228.8 million in principal payments and 5.2 million in share repurchases. Cash flows provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 were 74.1 million and primarily reflected 513.7 million in proceeds from the issuance of debt obligations, partly offset by 417.0 million in principal payments, 10.1 million in share repurchases, and 4.6 million in debt issuance costs. 
 
 Debt Obligations and Covenant Compliance 
 
 At December 31, 2022, debt obligations consists of loans totaling 1,847.3 million, net of unamortized debt issuance costs, payable with interest rates varying between approximately 3.1 and 7.4 . Substantially all of our assets are pledged to secure our obligations to creditors. For further information on our debt instruments, see Note 6 Debt Obligations in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 
 
 In June 2021, the Company entered into Amendment No. 2 to the Amended Credit Agreement, which updates the provisions relating to the future discontinuance of LIBOR and sets forth the mechanics for establishing the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR as a benchmark replacement rate. 
 
 In May 2021, WLFC and its direct, wholly-owned subsidiary WEST VI, closed its offering of 336.7 million aggregate principal amount of fixed rate notes. The WEST VI Notes were issued in three series, with the Series A Notes issued in an aggregate principal amount of 278.6 million, the Series B Notes issued in an aggregate principal amount of 38.7 million and the Series C Notes issued in an aggregate principal amount of 19.4 million. The WEST VI Notes are secured by, among other things, WEST VI s direct and indirect ownership interests in a portfolio of aircraft engines and an airframe. 
 
 The Series A Notes have a fixed coupon of 3.104 , an expected maturity of approximately eight years and a final maturity date in May 2046, the Series B Notes have a fixed coupon of 5.438 , an expected maturity of approximately eight years and a final maturity date in May 2046 and the Series C Notes have a fixed coupon of 7.385 , an expected maturity of approximately eight years and a final maturity date in May 2046. The Series A Notes were issued at a price of 99.99481 of par, the Series B Notes were issued at a price of 99.99996 of par and the Series C Notes were issued at a price of 99.99869 of par. Principal on the WEST VI Notes is payable monthly to the extent of available cash in accordance with a priority of payments included in the indenture. 
 
 In May 2021, WLFC repaid an existing note payable with a balance of 5.8 million that was secured by two engines. 
 
 In December 2022, the Company recognized a 2.6 million gain on debt extinguishment associated with the repurchase of six tranches of ABS notes with a balance of 12.2 million. 
 
 The assets of WEST III, WEST IV, WEST V and WEST VI are not available to satisfy the Company s obligations other than the obligations specific to the applicable WEST entity. WEST III, WEST IV, WEST V and WEST VI are consolidated for financial statement presentation purposes. WEST III, WEST IV, WEST V and WEST VI s ability to make distributions and pay dividends to the Company is subject to the prior payment of their debt and other obligations and their maintenance of adequate reserves and capital. Under WEST III, WEST IV, WEST V and WEST VI, cash is collected in restricted accounts, which are used to service the debt and any remaining amounts, after debt service and defined expenses, are distributed to the Company. Additionally, a portion of maintenance reserve payments and lease security deposits are formulaically accumulated in restricted accounts and are available to fund future maintenance events and to secure lease payments, respectively. The WEST III, WEST IV, WEST V and WEST VI indentures require that a minimum threshold of maintenance reserve and security deposit balances be held in restricted cash accounts. 
 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Virtually all of our debt requires ongoing compliance with the covenants of each financing, including debt/equity ratios, minimum tangible net worth and minimum interest coverage ratios, and other eligibility criteria including customer and geographic concentration restrictions. The Company also has certain negative financial covenants such as liens, advances, change in business, sales of assets, dividends and stock repurchases. These covenants are tested either monthly or quarterly, and the Company was in full compliance with all financial covenant requirements at December 31, 2022. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with the covenants specified in the revolving credit facility, including the Interest Coverage Ratio requirement of at least 2.25 to 1.00, and the Total Leverage Ratio requirement to remain below 4.00 to 1.00. The Interest Coverage Ratio, as defined in the credit facility, is the ratio of earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) and other one-time charges to consolidated interest expense. The Total Leverage Ratio, as defined in the credit facility, is the ratio of total indebtedness to tangible net worth. At December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with the covenants specified in the WEST III, WEST IV, WEST V and WEST VI indentures, servicing and other debt related agreements. 
 
 Contractual Obligations and Commitments 
 
 Repayments of our gross debt obligations primarily consist of scheduled installments due under term loans and are funded by the use of unrestricted cash reserves and from cash flows from ongoing operations. The table below summarizes our contractual commitments at December 31, 2022: 
 
 Payment due by period (in thousands) Total Less than 1 Year 1-3 Years 3-5 Years More than 5 Years Debt obligations 1,862,089 88,090 848,001 450,230 475,768 Interest payments under debt obligations 259,211 86,816 102,421 56,000 13,974 Operating lease obligations 11,350 3,268 5,909 1,319 854 Purchase obligations 428,137 98,233 237,134 92,770 Total 2,560,787 276,407 1,193,465 600,319 490,596 
 
 From time to time we enter into contractual commitments to purchase engines directly from original equipment manufacturers. We are currently committed to purchasing nine additional new LEAP-1B engines for 145.3 million and 18 additional new LEAP-1A engines for 282.8 million by 2026. Our purchase agreements generally contain terms that allow the Company to defer or cancel purchase commitments in certain situations. These deferrals or conversions would not result in penalties or increased costs other than any potential increase due to the normal year-over-year change in engine list prices, which is akin to ordinary inflation. The Company continues to expect demand for LEAP-1B engines to increase as the 737 Max continues to be re-certified and aircraft (and their installed engines) that have been parked and in storage for more than one year begin the technical process of returning to service. 
 
 In December 2020, we entered into definitive agreements for the purchase of 25 modern technology aircraft engines. As part of the purchase, we have committed to certain future overhaul and maintenance services which are anticipated to range between 77.7 million and 112.0 million by 2030. 
 
 62.9 million of variable interest payments due under debt obligations, scheduled above, are estimated by applying the interest rates applicable at December 31, 2022 to the remaining debt, adjusted for the estimated debt repayments identified in the table above. Actual interest payments made will vary due to actual changes in the rates for one-month LIBOR. 
 
 We believe our equity base, internally generated funds and existing debt facilities are sufficient to maintain our level of operations through 2023. A decline in the level of internally generated funds could result if the amount of equipment off-lease increases, there is a decrease in availability under our existing debt facilities, or there is a significant step-up in borrowing costs. Such decline would impair our ability to sustain our level of operations. We continue to discuss additions to our capital base with our commercial and investment banks. If we are not able to access additional capital, our ability to continue to grow our asset base consistent with historical trends will be impaired and our future growth limited to that which can be funded from internally generated capital. 

MANAGEMENT OF INTEREST RATE EXPOSURE 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 At December 31, 2022, 727.0 million of our borrowings were on a variable rate basis at various interest rates tied to one-month LIBOR. Our equipment leases are generally structured at fixed rental rates for specified terms. Increases in interest rates could narrow or result in a negative spread between the rental revenue we realize under our leases and the interest rate that we pay under our borrowings. Historically, we have entered into interest rate derivative instruments to mitigate our exposure to interest rate risk; such investments are not intended to speculate or trade in derivative products. As of December 31, 2022, we have five interest rate swap agreements. During the first quarter of 2021, the Company entered into four fixed-rate interest swap agreements, each having notional amounts of 100.0 million, two with remaining terms of 13 months and two with remaining terms of 37 months as of December 31, 2022. One interest rate swap agreement was entered into during 2019 which has a notional outstanding amount of 100.0 million with a remaining term of 18 months as of December 31, 2022. One interest rate swap agreement which the Company entered into in 2016 expired in April 2021. The net fair value of the swaps as of December 31, 2022 was 34.8 million, representing an asset. The net fair value of the interest rate swaps as of December 31, 2021 was 7.3 million, representing an asset of 8.0 million and a liability of 0.7 million. 
 
 We record derivative instruments at fair value as either an asset or liability. We have used derivative instruments (primarily interest rate swaps) to manage the risk of interest rate fluctuation. While substantially all of our derivative transactions are entered into for the purposes described above, hedge accounting is only applied when specific criteria have been met and it is practicable to do so. In order to apply hedge accounting, the transaction must be designated as a hedge and the hedge relationship must be highly effective. The hedging instrument s effectiveness is assessed utilizing regression at the inception of the hedge and either regression or qualitative analysis on at least a quarterly basis throughout its life. All of the transactions that we have designated as hedges are accounted for as cash flow hedges. The effective portion of the gain or loss on a derivative instrument designated as a cash flow hedge is reported as a component of other comprehensive income and is reclassified into earnings in the period during which the transaction being hedged affects earnings. The ineffective portion of these hedges flows through earnings in the current period. The Company recorded an adjustment to interest expense of (7.8) million and 2.4 million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, from derivative investments. 
 
 For any interest rate swaps that we enter into, we will be exposed to risk in the event of non-performance of the interest rate hedge counter-parties. We anticipate that we may hedge additional amounts of our floating rate debt in the future. 

RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 
 
 Joint Ventures 
 
 Other revenue on the Consolidated Statements of Income includes management fees earned of 2.0 million and 2.1 million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, related to the servicing of engines for the WMES lease portfolio. 
 
 During 2022, the Company sold two engines to WMES for 12.6 million. During 2021, the Company sold two engines to WMES for 25.0 million. 
 
 There were no engine or aircraft sales to CASC Willis during 2022 or 2021. 
 
 Other 
 
 During 2022, the Company paid approximately 35,000 of expenses payable to Mikchalk Lake, LLC, an entity in which our Executive Chairman retains an ownership interest. These expenses were for lodging and other business-related services. Additionally, during the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company paid a third-party vendor approximately 0.1 million under an exclusive use agreement for an aircraft used for business-related purposes. The third-party vendor leased the aircraft from a company which our Executive Chairman owns. These transactions were approved by the Board s Independent Directors. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 Our primary market risk exposure is that of interest rate risk. A change in LIBOR rates would affect our cost of borrowing. Increases in interest rates, which may cause us to raise the implicit rates charged to our customers, could result in a reduction in demand for our leases. Alternatively, we may price our leases based on market rates so as to keep the fleet on-lease and suffer a decrease in our operating margin due to interest costs that we are unable to pass on to our customers. As of December 31, 2022, 727.0 million of our outstanding debt is variable rate debt. We estimate that for every 1 increase or decrease in interest rate, the annual interest expense for our variable rate debt, would increase or decrease 2.3 million compared to 0.9 million in 2021. 
 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 We hedge a portion of our borrowings from time to time, effectively fixing the rate of these borrowings. This hedging activity helps protect us against reduced margins on longer term fixed rate leases. Such hedging activities may limit our ability to participate in the benefits of any decrease in interest rates, but may also protect us from increases in interest rates. Furthermore, since lease rates tend to vary with interest rate levels, it is possible that we can adjust lease rates for the effect of change in interest rates at the termination of leases. Other financial assets and liabilities are at fixed rates. 
 
 We are also exposed to currency devaluation risk. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, 60 and 54 of our total lease rent revenues came from non-U.S. domiciled lessees, respectively. Substantially all of our leases require payment in U.S. dollars. If these lessees currency devalues against the U.S. dollar, the lessees could potentially encounter difficulty in making their lease payments. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 The information required by this item is submitted as a separate section of this report beginning on page 36. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 (a) Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures. Based on management s evaluation (with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer CEO and Chief Financial Officer CFO )), as of the end of the period covered by this report, our CEO and CFO have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended the Exchange Act )), are effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and is accumulated and communicated to management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 (b) Inherent Limitations on Controls. Management, including the CEO and CFO, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent or detect all errors and fraud. Any control system, no matter how well designed and operated, is based upon certain assumptions and can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that its objectives will be met. Further, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to errors or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. The design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. 
 
 (c) Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that: (a) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect our transactions and dispositions of assets; (b) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and Board of Directors; and (c) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or persons performing similar functions to provide reasonable assurance to our management and board of directors regarding the reliability of financial reporting and preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounted principles. 
 
 Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, we used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) . Based on this assessment our management believes that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting is effective under those criteria. 
 
 Grant Thornton LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm that audited the Company s 2022 consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report, issued an audit report on the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Grant Thornton s audit report appears on page 42. 
 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 (d) Changes in internal control over financial reporting. There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting during our fourth fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 None. 

PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT 
 
 We have adopted a Standards of Ethical Conduct Policy (the Code of Ethics that applies to all directors and employees including our Chief Executive Officer, President, and Chief Financial Officer. The Code of Ethics is available on our website at www.willislease.com. If we make any substantive amendments to the Code of Ethics or grant any waiver from a provision of the code to our Chief Executive Officer, President and Chief Financial Officer, we will disclose the nature of the amendment or waiver on our investor relations page under the heading Corporate Governance on our website at www.willislease.com or in a report on Form 8-K. 
 
 The remainder of the information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 The information in Item 5 of this report regarding our Equity Compensation Plans is incorporated herein by reference. The remainder of the information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS 
 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement. 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 (a) (1) Financial Statements 
 
 The response to this portion of Item 15 is submitted as a separate section of this report beginning on page 45. 
 
 (a) (2) Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 Schedule II, Valuation Accounts, is submitted as a separate section of this report starting on page 75. 
 
 All other financial statement schedules have been omitted as the required information is not pertinent to the Registrant or is not material or because the required information is included in the Financial Statements and Notes thereto. 
 
 (a) (3),(b) and (c):Exhibits: The response to this portion of Item 15 is submitted below. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 EXHIBITS 
 Exhibit Number Description 3.1 Certificate of Incorporation, dated March 12, 1998, as amended by the Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation, dated May 6, 1998 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our report on Form 10-K filed on March 31, 2009). 
 3.2 Bylaws, dated April 18, 2001 as amended by (1) Amendment to Bylaws, dated November 13, 2001, (2) Amendment to Bylaws, dated December 16, 2008, (3) Amendment to Bylaws, dated September 28, 2010, (4) Amendment to Bylaws, dated August 5, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our report on Form 8-K filed on August 9, 2013), and (5) Amendment to Bylaws, dated October 7, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our report on Form 8-K filed on October 18, 2016). 
 4.1 Rights Agreement dated as of September 24, 1999, by and between the Registrant and American Stock Transfer and Trust Company, as Rights Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our report on Form 8-K filed on October 4, 1999). 
 4.2 Second Amendment to Rights Agreement dated as of December 15, 2005, by and between the Registrant and American Stock Transfer and Trust Company, as Rights Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to our report on Form 10-K filed on March 31, 2009). 
 4.3 Third Amendment to Rights Agreement dated as of September 30, 2008, by and between the Registrant and American Stock Transfer and Trust Company, as Rights Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to our report on Form 10-K filed on March 31, 2009). 
 4.3.1 Fourth Amendment to Rights Agreement dated August 27, 2018, by and between the Registrant and American Stock Transfer and Trust Company, as Rights Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3.1 to our report on Form 10-K filed on March 12, 2020). 
 4.4 Form of Certificate of Designations of the Registrant with respect to the Series I Junior Participating Preferred Stock (formerly known as Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.7 to our report on Form 10-K filed on March 31, 2009). 
 4.5 Form of Amendment No. 1 to Certificate of Designations of the Registrant with respect to Series I Junior Participating Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.8 to our report on Form 10-K filed on March 31, 2009). 
 4.6 Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Designations, Preferences, and Relative Rights and Limitations of Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock dated as of September 25, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our report on Form 8-K filed on September 28, 2017). 
 4.7 Description of Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.7 to our report on Form 10-K filed March 12, 2020). 
 4.8 Certificate Eliminating Series I Junior Participating Preferred Stock of Willis Lease Finance Corporation dated as of October 7, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our report on Form 8-K filed October 18, 2016). 
 10.1 Form of Indemnification Agreement entered into between the Registrant and its directors and officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our report on Form 8-K filed on October 1, 2010). 
 10.2 Amended and Restated 2007 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Proxy Statement for 2015 Annual Meeting of Stockholders filed on April 28, 2015). 
 10.3 Employment Agreement, dated as of March 3, 2022 and effective as of April 1, 2022, by and between the Registrant and Charles F. Willis IV (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our report on Form 10-Q filed on May 10, 2022). 
 10.4 Employment Agreement between the Registrant and Scott B. Flaherty dated May 20, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our report on Form 8-K filed on May 25, 2016). 
 10.5 Employment Agreement between the Registrant and Dean M. Poulakidas dated March 31, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to our report on Form 8-K filed on June 19, 2013). 
 10.6 Trust Indenture dated as of September 14, 2012 among Willis Engine Securitization Trust II, Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee, the Registrant and Cr dit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to our report on Form 10-Q filed on November 9, 2012). 
 10.7 Security Trust Agreement dated as of September 14, 2012 by and among Willis Engine Securitization Trust II, Willis Engine Securitization (Ireland) Limited, the Engine Trusts listed on Schedule V thereto, each of the additional grantors referred to therein and from time to time made a party thereto and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to our report on Form 10-Q filed on November 9, 2012). 
 10.8 Note Purchase Agreement dated as of September 6, 2012 by and among Willis Engine Securitization Trust II, the Registrant, Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. and Goldman, Sachs Co. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to our report on Form 10-Q filed on November 9, 2012). 
 10.9 Servicing Agreement dated as of September 17, 2012 between Willis Engine Securitization Trust II, the Registrant and the entities listed on Appendix A thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to our report on Form 10-Q filed on November 9, 2012). 
 10.10 Administrative Agency Agreement dated as of September 17, 2012 among Willis Engine Securitization Trust II, the Registrant, Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee, and the entities listed on Appendix A thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to our report on Form 10-Q filed on November 9, 2012). 
 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 10.11 Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of April 20, 2016, among the Company, MUFG Union Bank, N.A. as administrative agent and security agent, and certain other lenders and financial institutions named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to our report on Form 10-Q filed on August 16, 2016). 
 10.12 Employment Agreement, dated as of August 2, 2022, by and between the Registrant and Brian R. Hole (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our report on Form 10-Q filed on November 4, 2022). 
 10.13 Employment Agreement, dated as of March 2022 and effective as of April 1, 2022, by and between the Registrant and Austin C. Willis (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our report on Form 10-Q filed on May 10, 2022). 
 10.14 Trust Amendment No. 2 dated as of September 9, 2016 to Amended and Restated Trust Agreement of Willis Engine Securitization Trust II dated as of September 14, 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our report on Form 8-K filed September 20, 2016). 
 10.15 General Supplement 2016-1 dated as of September 9, 2016 to Trust Indenture dated as of September 14, 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our report on Form 8-K filed September 20, 2016). 
 10.16 Series A Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement dated as of October 11, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our report on Form 8-K filed October 18, 2016). 
 10.17 Asset Purchase Agreement dated as of August 4, 2017 between the Registrant and Willis Engine Structured Trust III. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to our report on Form 10-Q filed on November 9, 2017). 
 10.18 Security Trust Agreement dated as of August 4, 2017 among Willis Engine Structured Trust III, each Grantor referred to therein and from time to time made a party thereto and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to our report on Form 10-Q filed on November 9, 2017). 
 10.19 Servicing Agreement dated as of August 4, 2017 among Willis Engine Structured Trust III, the Registrant and each Service Group Member referred to therein and from time to time made a party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to our report on Form 10-Q filed on November 9, 2017). 
 10.20 Administrative Agency Agreement dated as of August 4, 2017 among Willis Engine Structured Trust III, the Registrant, Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee, and each Managed Group Member referred to therein and from time to time made a party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to our report on Form 10-Q filed on November 9, 2017). 
 10.21 Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of August 4, 2017 among Willis Engine Structured Trust III, BNP Paribas and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to our report on Form 10-Q filed on November 9, 2017). 
 10.22 Series A-2 Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement dated as of September 22, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our report on Form 8-K filed on September 28, 2017). 
 10.23 General Terms Agreement No. CFM-1-1028985 dated December 22, 2017 between CFM International, Inc. and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to our report on Form 10-K filed on March 15, 2018). 
 10.24 Letter Agreement No. 1 to GTA No. 1-1028985 dated December 22, 2017 between CFM International, Inc. and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to our report on Form 10-K filed March 15, 2018). 
 10.25 General Terms Agreement No. GE-1-2299982290-2 dated May 26, 2010 by and amongst General Electric Company, GE Engine Services Distribution, LLC, the Registrant and WEST Engine Funding LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.28 to our report on Form 10-K filed March 15, 2018). 
 10.26 Letter Agreement No. 3 to GTA No. 1-2299982290 dated December 22, 2017 between General Electric Corporation and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.29 to our report on Form 10-K filed March 15, 2018). 
 10.27 Amendment No. 2 to General Terms Agreement No. GE-1-2299982290-2 dated December 22, 2017 between General Electric Company and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30 to our report on Form 10-K filed March 15, 2018). 
 10.28 Agreement by and between IAE International Aero Engines AG and the Registrant, dated March 16, 2018, to purchase spare engines (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.31 to our report on Form 10-Q filed May 10, 2018). 
 10.29 Redemption Agreement to purchase 294,787 shares of common stock dated as of March 29, 2018 between the Registrant and M3 Partners, LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 to our report on Form 10-Q filed May 10, 2018). 
 10.30 2018 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Proxy Statement for 2018 Annual Meeting of Stockholders filed on April 27, 2018). 
 10.31 Administrative Agency Agreement dated as of August 22, 2018 among Willis Engine Structured Trust IV, the Registrant, Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee, and each Managed Group Member referred to therein and from time to time made a party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.34 to our report on Form 10-Q filed November 7, 2018). 
 10.32 Asset Purchase Agreement dated as of August 22, 2018 between the Registrant and Willis Engine Structured Trust IV (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.35 to our report on Form 10-Q filed November 7, 2018). 
 10.33 Trust Indenture dated as of August 22, 2018 among Willis Engine Structured Trust IV, Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as Trustee, the Registrant and Bank of America, N.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.36 to our report on Form 10-Q filed November 7, 2018). 
 10.34 Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of August 22, 2018 among Willis Engine Structured Trust IV, Bank of America, N.A. and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.37 to our report on Form 10-Q filed November 7, 2018). 
 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 10.35 Servicing Agreement dated as of August 22, 2018 among Willis Engine Structured Trust IV, the Registrant and each Service Group Member referred to therein and from time to time made a party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.38 to our report on Form 10-Q filed November 7, 2018). 
 10.36 Security Trust Agreement dated as of August 22, 2018 among Willis Engine Structured Trust IV, each Grantor referred to therein and from time to time made a party thereto and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as security trustee and operating bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.39 to our report on Form 10-Q filed November 7, 2018). 
 10.37 Amendment No. 1 to Agreement to Purchase Spare Engines, dated July 25, 2018, between IAE International Aero Engines AG and Willis Lease Finance Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.40 to our report on Form 10-Q filed November 7, 2018). 
 10.38 Amendment No. 2 to Agreement to Purchase Spare Engines, dated August 9, 2018, between IAE International Aero Engines AG and Willis Lease Finance Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.41 to our report on Form 10-Q filed November 7, 2018). 
 10.39 Trust Indenture dated as of August 4, 2017 among Willis Engine Structured Trust III, Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee, the Registrant and BNP Paribas (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to our report on Form 10-Q filed on November 9, 2017). 
 10.40 Amendment No. 3 to Agreement to Purchase Spare Engines, dated March 22, 2019, between IAE International Aero Engines AG and Willis Lease Finance Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.43 to our report on Form 10-Q filed on May 8, 2019). 
 10.41 Amendment No. 4 to Agreement to Purchase Spare Engines, dated June 27, 2019, between IAE International Aero Engines AG and Willis Lease Finance Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.44 to our report on Form 10-Q filed on August 7, 2019). 
 10.42 Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of June 7, 2019, among the Company, MUFG Union Bank, Ltd. as administrative agent, MUFG Union Bank, N.A. as security agent, and certain other lenders and financial institutions named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.44 to our report on Form 10-Q filed on August 7, 2019). 
 10.43 Letter Agreement No. 2 to GTA No. 1-1028985 dated December 12, 2019 between CFM International, Inc. and Willis Lease Finance Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.43 to our report on Form 10-K filed on March 12, 2020). 
 10.44 Amendment No. 1 to the Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement and Amendment No. 5 to Security Agreement, dated as of December 13, 2019, among the Company, MUFG Union Bank, Ltd. as administrative agent, MUFG Union Bank, N.A. as security agent, and certain other lenders and financial institutions named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.44 to our report on Form 10-K filed on March 12, 2020). 
 10.45 Amended and Restated Administrative Agency Agreement, dated as of March 3, 2020, among Willis Engine Structured Trust V, the Registrant, Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee, and each Managed Group Member referred to therein and from time to time made a party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.45 to our report on Form 10-Q filed May 6, 2020). 
 10.46 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 3, 2020, between the Registrant and Willis Engine Structured Trust V (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.46 to our report on Form 10-Q filed May 6, 2020). 
 10.47 Amended and Restated Trust Indenture, dated as of March 3, 2020 among Willis Engine Structured Trust V, Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as Trustee, the Registrant, and Bank of America, N.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.47 to our report on Form 10-Q filed May 6, 2020). 
 10.48 Revolving Credit Agreement, dated March 3, 2020, among Willis Engine Structured Trust V, Bank of America, N.A., and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.48 to our report on Form 10-Q filed May 6, 2020). 
 10.49 Amended and Restated Servicing Agreement, dated as of March 3, 2020, among Willis Engine Structured Trust V, the Registrant, and each Serviced Group Member referred to therein and from time to time made a party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.49 to our report on Form 10-Q filed May 6, 2020). 
 10.50 Amended and Restated Security Trust Agreement, dated as of March 3, 2020, among Willis Engine Structured Trust V, each Grantor referred to therein and from time to time made a party thereto and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as Security Trustee and Operating Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.50 to our report on Form 10-Q filed May 6, 2020). 
 10.51 Excluded Property Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 3, 2020, among the Registrant, West Engine Acquisition LLC, and Willis Engine Structured Trust V (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.51 to our report on Form 10-Q filed May 6, 2020). 
 10.52 Agreement by and between International Aero Engines, LLC and the Registrant, dated March 27, 2020, to purchase spare engines (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.52 to our report on Form 10-Q filed May 6, 2020). 
 10.53 Letter Agreement No. 4 to GTA No. 1-2299982290 dated March 31, 2020 between General Electric Company and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.53 to our report on Form 10-Q filed May 6, 2020). 
 10.54 Used Engines Sales Agreement dated December 3, 2020 between Pratt Whitney Engine Leasing, LLC and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.54 to our report on Form 10-K filed March 15, 2021). 
 10.55 Used Engine Sales Agreement dated December 3, 2020 between [ ] Engine Leasing, LLC and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.55 to our report on Form 10-K filed March 15, 2021). 
 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 10.56 [ ] Fixed Price Repair Agreement by and between the Registrant and Raytheon Technologies Corporation dated December 3, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.56 to our report on Form 10-K filed March 15, 2021). 
 10.57 [ ] Fixed Price Repair Agreement by and between the Registrant and International Aero Engines, LLC dated December 3, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.57 to our report on Form 10-K filed March 15, 2021). 
 10.58# Amendment No. 2 to Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of June 23, 2021, among the Registrant, MUFG Union Bank, Ltd., as administrative agent, MUFG Union Bank, Inc., as security agent, and certain other lenders and financial institutions named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.58 to our report on Form 10-Q filed August 8, 2021). 
 10.59# Administrative Agency Agreement, dated as of May 17, 2021, among Willis Engine Structured Trust VI, the Registrant, U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, and each Managed Group Member referred to therein and from time to time made a party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.59 to our report on Form 10-Q filed August 8, 2021). 
 10.60# Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 17, 2021, between the Registrant and Willis Engine Structured Trust VI (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.60 to our report on Form 10-Q filed August 8, 2021). 
 10.61# Trust Indenture, dated as of May 17, 2021, among Willis Engine Structured Trust VI, U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee, the Registrant and Bank of America, N.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.61 to our report on Form 10-Q filed August 8, 2021). 
 10.62 Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of May 17, 2021, among Willis Engine Structured Trust VI, Bank of America, N.A. and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.62 to our report on Form 10-Q filed August 8, 2021). 
 10.63 Servicing Agreement, dated as of May 17, 2021, among Willis Engine Structured Trust VI, the Registrant and each Service Group Member referred to therein and from time to time made a party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.63 to our report on Form 10-Q filed August 8, 2021). 
 10.64# Security Trust Agreement, dated as of May 17, 2021, among Willis Engine Structured Trust VI, each Grantor referred to therein and from time to time made a party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, as security trustee and operating bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.64 to our report on Form 10-Q filed August 8, 2021). 
 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 
 23.1 Consent of Grant Thornton LLP. 
 31.1 Certification of Austin C. Willis, pursuant to Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Scott B. Flaherty, pursuant to Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101 The following financial statements from the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in Inline XBRL: (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Income, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Redeemable Preferred Stock and Shareholders Equity, (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, tagged as blocks of text and including detailed tags. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 ________________________________________________________ 
 Certain portions of this exhibit have been redacted pursuant to a Securities and Exchange Commission order granting confidential treatment or constitute confidential information have been redacted in accordance with Regulation S-K, Item 601(b)(10). 
 # Portions of this exhibit have been omitted in accordance with Item 601(b)(10)(iv) of Regulation S-K. 
 Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 Financial Statements are submitted as a separate section of this report beginning on page 45. 
 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, duly authorized officers and directors. 
 
 Dated: March 10, 2023 Willis Lease Finance Corporation By: /s/ AUSTIN C. WILLIS Austin C. Willis Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 Dated: Title Signature Date: March 10, 2023 Chief Executive Officer and Director /s/ AUSTIN C. WILLIS (Principal Executive Officer) Austin C. Willis Date: March 10, 2023 Chief Financial Officer /s/ SCOTT B. FLAHERTY (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) Scott B. Flaherty Date: March 10, 2023 Director /s/ HANS JOERG HUNZIKER Hans Joerg Hunziker Date: March 10, 2023 Director /s/ ROBERT J. KEADY Robert J. Keady Date: March 10, 2023 Director /s/ RAE ANN MCKEATING Rae Ann McKeating Date: March 10, 2023 Executive Chairman and Director /s/ CHARLES F. WILLIS, IV Charles F. Willis, IV 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm PCA OB ID Number 
 42 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 202 2 and December 31, 202 1 
 45 
 Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 202 2 and December 31, 202 1 
 46 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 202 2 and December 31, 20 21 
 47 
 Consolidated Statements of Redeemable Preferred Stock and Shareholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 202 2 and December 31, 20 21 
 48 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 202 2 and December 31, 20 21 
 49 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 50 
 Schedule II Valuation Accounts 
 75 
 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 Board of Directors and Shareholders 
 Willis Lease Finance Corporation 
 
 Opinion on the financial statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Willis Lease Finance Corporation (a Delaware corporation) and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, redeemable preferred stock and shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedules included under Item 15(a) (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ), and our report dated March 10, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion. 
 
 Basis for opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical audit matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Valuation of equipment held for operating lease 
 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 As described further in Notes 1(d) and 9 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company reviews its equipment held for operating lease (which is inclusive of certain failed sale-leaseback transactions classified as notes receivable and investments in sales-type leases), for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable, and annually, for certain equipment held for operating lease. With respect to the annual review, indicators of impairment are identified by review of independent appraisals. If an indicator of impairment is identified, the Company performs an analysis of undiscounted forecasted cash flows over the life of the asset as compared to the asset book value. When an asset s undiscounted forecasted cash flows are less than the book value, an impairment charge is recorded for the difference between carrying value and fair value. Fair value is determined by reference to independent appraisals, quoted market prices (e.g., an offer to purchase) and other factors considered relevant by the Company. As a result of the annual impairment test, the Company recorded no impairment charges for the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the balance of equipment held for operating lease, notes receivable and investments in sales-type leases was 2.1 billion, 81.4 million and 6.4 million, respectively. We identified the valuation of equipment held for operating lease as a critical audit matter. 
 
 The principal considerations for our determination that the valuation of equipment held for operating lease is a critical audit matter are that subjective auditor judgment was required to evaluate: (i) the assumptions used by management engaged independent appraisers, including the accuracy of data provided to management s specialist to determine the fair value; and (ii) the assumptions used by management to calculate the undiscounted future cash flows, including assumptions of estimated lease rates, maintenance revenues, and remaining lease periods. 
 
 Our audit procedures related to the valuation of equipment held for operating lease included the following, among others: 
 
 We evaluated the design and operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to management s review of the independent appraiser s report, including the accuracy of data provided to management s specialist and the review of assumptions used to determine undiscounted future cash flows. 
 
 We evaluated management s method for determining indicators of impairment, including the potential of management bias. 
 
 We tested the annual impairment analysis as follows: 
 
 Evaluated the completeness and accuracy of the population of assets included in the analysis; 
 
 For a selection of assets, validated the relevant asset condition data that management provided to the independent appraisers; 
 
 Evaluated the reasonableness of the following assumptions used in the undiscounted cash flows by comparing them to historical and Company specific data: estimated lease rates, maintenance revenues, and remaining lease periods; 
 
 With the assistance of valuation professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, we: (i) evaluated the qualification of management engaged independent appraisers; and (ii) assessed the reasonableness of the methodologies used and appraised values determined by comparing a selection of appraised values to published industry benchmark values of comparable assets. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

March 10, 2023 

43 

Table of Contents 

 Board of Directors and Shareholders 
 Willis Lease Finance Corporation 
 
 Opinion on internal control over financial reporting 
 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Willis Lease Finance Corporation (a Delaware corporation) and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by COSO. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the consolidated financial statements of the Company as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, and our report dated March 10, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 
 Basis for opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and limitations of internal control over financial reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ Grant Thornton LLP 
 
 Cincinnati, Ohio 
 March 10, 2023 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 WILLIS LEASE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Equipment held for operating lease, less accumulated depreciation of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Maintenance rights Equipment held for sale Receivables, net of allowances of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Spare parts inventory Investments Property, equipment furnishings, less accumulated depreciation of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Intangible assets, net Notes receivable Investments in sales-type leases Other assets Total assets (1) LIABILITIES, REDEEMABLE PREFERRED STOCK AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued expenses Deferred income taxes Debt obligations Maintenance reserves Security deposits Unearned revenue Total liabilities (2) Redeemable preferred stock par value, shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021) 
 Shareholders equity: Common stock par value, shares authorized; and shares issued at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 
 Paid-in capital in excess of par Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income, net of income tax expense of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Total shareholders equity Total liabilities, redeemable preferred stock and shareholders equity 
 ________________________________________________________ 
 (1) and ; Equipment and ; Maintenance rights and ; Inventory and ; Notes receivable and ; and Other assets and , respectively. 
 (2) and , respectively. 
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 WILLIS LEASE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 REVENUE Lease rent revenue Maintenance reserve revenue Spare parts and equipment sales Interest income Gain on sale of leased equipment Gain on sale of financial assets Asset transition fee Other revenue Total revenue EXPENSES Depreciation and amortization expense Cost of spare parts and equipment sales Write-down of equipment General and administrative Technical expense Net finance costs: Interest expense Gain on debt extinguishment ) Total net finance costs Total expenses Income from operations (Loss) Income from joint ventures ) Income before income taxes Income tax expense Net income Preferred stock dividends Accretion of preferred stock issuance costs Net income attributable to common shareholders Basic weighted average earnings per common share: Diluted weighted average earnings per common share: Basic weighted average common shares outstanding Diluted weighted average common shares outstanding 
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 WILLIS LEASE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 (In thousands) 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net income Other comprehensive income: Currency translation adjustment ) Unrealized gain on derivative instruments Unrealized gain on derivative instruments at joint venture Net gain recognized in other comprehensive income Tax expense related to items of other comprehensive income Other comprehensive income Total comprehensive income 
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 WILLIS LEASE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Redeemable Preferred Stock and Shareholders Equity 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 
 Shareholders' Equity Redeemable Accumulated Other Preferred Stock Common Stock Paid-in Capital in Retained Comprehensive Total Shareholders Shares Amount Shares Amount Excess of par Earnings (Loss) Income Equity Balances at December 31, 2020 ) Net income Net unrealized gain from currency translation adjustment, net of tax expense of 
 Net unrealized gain from derivative instruments, net of tax expense of 
 Shares repurchased ) ) ) ) Shares issued under stock compensation plans Cancellation of restricted stock units in satisfaction of withholding tax ) ) ) ) Stock-based compensation, net of forfeitures Accretion of preferred shares issuance costs ) ) Preferred stock dividends per share) 
 ) ) Balances at December 31, 2021 Net income Net unrealized loss from currency translation adjustment, net of tax benefit of 
 ) ) Net unrealized gain from derivative instruments, net of tax expense of 
 Shares repurchased ) ) ) ) Shares issued under stock compensation plans Cancellation of restricted stock in satisfaction of withholding tax ) ) ) Stock-based compensation, net of forfeitures Accretion of preferred shares issuance costs ) ) Preferred stock dividends per share) 
 ) ) Balances at December 31, 2022 
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 WILLIS LEASE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (In thousands) 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization expense Write-down of equipment Stock-based compensation expense Amortization of deferred costs Allowances and provisions ) Payments received on sales-type leases Gain on sale of leased equipment ) ) Gain on sale of financial assets ) ) Loss (Income) from joint ventures ) (Gain) Loss on disposal of property, equipment and furnishings ) Gain on debt extinguishment ) Deferred income taxes Changes in assets and liabilities: Receivables ) ) Inventory Other assets ) ) Accounts payable and accrued expenses Maintenance reserves ) Security deposits Unearned revenue ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Purchase of equipment held for operating lease and for sale ) ) Proceeds from sale of equipment (net of selling expenses) Proceeds from sale of note receivable (net of selling expenses) Issuance of notes receivable ) ) Purchase of property, equipment and furnishings ) ) Payments received on notes receivable Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from issuance of debt obligations Principal payments on debt obligations ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) Cancellation of restricted stock units in satisfaction of withholding tax ) ) Preferred stock dividends ) ) Proceeds from shares issued under stock compensation plans Debt issuance costs ) Net cash provided by financing activities Increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: Net cash paid for: Interest Income Taxes Supplemental disclosures of non-cash activities: Transfers from Equipment held for sale to Equipment held for operating lease Transfers from Equipment held for operating lease to Equipment held for sale Transfers from Equipment held for operating lease to Spare parts inventory Transfers from Spare parts inventory to Equipment held for operating lease Transfers from Notes receivable to Equipment held for operating lease Accretion of preferred stock issuance costs 
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 WILLIS LEASE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

1. 

of the interest and consolidates in its financial statements. 
 
 Willis Engine Securitization Trust IV WEST IV or the WEST IV Notes is a bankruptcy remote special purpose vehicle which was established for the purpose of financing aircraft engines through an ABS, of which the Company is the sole beneficiary. WEST IV is a VIE which the Company owns of the interest and consolidates in its financial statements. 
 
 Willis Engine Structured Trust V WEST V or the WEST V Notes is a bankruptcy remote special purpose vehicle which was established for the purpose of financing aircraft engines through an ABS, of which the Company is the sole beneficiary. WEST V is a VIE which the Company owns of the interest and consolidates in its financial statements. 
 
 In May 2021, the Company and its direct, consolidated VIE Willis Engine Structured Trust VI WEST VI ), closed its offering of million aggregate principal amount of fixed rate notes (the WEST VI Notes ). The WEST VI Notes were issued in series, with the Series A Notes issued in an aggregate principal amount of million, the Series B Notes issued in an aggregate principal amount of million and the Series C Notes issued in an aggregate principal amount of million. 
 
 Principal and interest on the WEST III, WEST IV, WEST V and WEST VI Notes are payable monthly to the extent of available cash in accordance with a priority of payments included in the respective indenture agreements. 
 
 The WEST III, WEST IV, WEST V and WEST VI Notes are secured by, among other things, the respective ABS s direct and indirect interests in a portfolio of assets. The WEST III, WEST IV, WEST V and WEST VI Notes have scheduled amortizations and are payable solely from revenue received from the lease portfolios, after payment of certain expenses of the respective ABS. The assets of WEST III, WEST IV, WEST V and WEST VI are not available to satisfy the Company s obligations other than the obligations specific to the respective ABS. WEST III, WEST IV, WEST V and WEST VI are consolidated for financial statement presentation purposes, with the respective assets and liabilities on the Company s balance sheet. Each ABS s ability to make distributions and pay dividends to the Company is subject to the prior payments of its debt and other obligations and maintenance of adequate reserves and capital. Under each ABS, cash is collected in a restricted account, which is used to service the debt and any remaining amounts, after debt service and defined expenses, are distributed to the Company. Additionally, a portion of the maintenance reserve payments and lease security deposits are formulaically accumulated in restricted accounts and are available to fund future maintenance events and to secure lease payments, respectively. 
 
 Additionally, in connection with WEST III, WEST IV, WEST V and WEST VI, the Company entered into servicing agreements and administrative agency agreements to provide certain engine, lease management and reporting functions in return for fees based on a percentage of collected lease revenues and asset sales. Because WEST III, WEST IV, WEST V and WEST VI are consolidated for financial statement reporting purposes, all fees eliminate upon consolidation. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

(c) 
 
 million of deferred in-substance fixed payment use fees included in Unearned Revenue. 
 
 Certain lessees may be significantly delinquent in their rental payments and may default on their lease obligations. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had an aggregate of approximately million in lease rent and million in maintenance reserve receivables more than days past due. Inability to collect receivables or to repossess engines or other leased equipment in the event of a default by a lessee could have a material adverse effect on the Company. The Company estimates an allowance for doubtful accounts for receivables it does not consider fully collectible. The allowance for doubtful accounts includes the following: (1) specific reserves for receivables which are impaired for which management believes full collection is doubtful; and (2) a general reserve for estimated losses based on historical experience. 
 
 One customer accounted for more than of total lease rent revenue during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Spare parts sales 
 
 The Spare Parts Sales reportable segment primarily engages in the sale of aircraft engine parts and materials through the acquisition or consignment of engines from third parties or the Company s leasing operations. The parts are sold at a fixed price with no right of return. In determining the performance obligation, management has identified the promise in the contract to be the shipment of the spare parts to the customer. Title passes to the buyer when the goods are shipped, and the buyer is responsible for any loss in transit, and the Company has a legal right to payment for the spare parts. Management has determined that physical acceptance of the spare parts to be a formality in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC 606-10-5-86. 
 
 The spare parts transaction price is a fixed dollar amount and is stated on each purchase order for a fixed amount by total number of parts. Spare parts revenue is based on a set price for a set number of parts as defined in the purchase order. The performance obligation is completed once the parts have shipped and, as a result, all of the transaction price is allocated to that performance obligation. Management has determined that it is appropriate for the Company to recognize spare parts sales at a point in time i.e. , the date the parts are shipped) under ASC 606. 
 
 Equipment sales 
 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 million and the Company expects the remaining revenue to be fully recognized by June 30, 2023. Additionally, managed services are presented within the Other revenue line in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 Interest income 
 
 Interest income represents interest earned on notes receivable related to failed sale-leasebacks in which the Company was the buyer-lessor and on sales-type leases. 
 
 Gain on sale of leased equipment 
 
 The Company regularly sells equipment from its lease portfolio. This equipment may or may not be subject to a lease at the time of sale. The net gain or loss on such sales is recognized as revenue and consists of proceeds associated with the sale less the net book value of the asset sold and any direct costs associated with the sale. To the extent that deposits associated with the equipment are not included in the sale, any such amount is included in the calculation of gain or loss. 
 
 Gain on sale of financial assets 
 
 Some of the Company's leases are recorded as financial assets and classified as notes receivable under ASC 842 as they are failed sale-leaseback transactions. The Company may sell its engines that are classified as notes receivable, and the net gain or loss on such sales is recognized as revenue and consists of proceeds associated with the sale less the net book value of the asset sold and any direct costs associated with the sale. To the extent that deposits associated with the equipment are not included in the sale, any such amount is included in the calculation of gain or loss. 
 
 Other revenue 
 
 Other revenue consists primarily of management fee income, lease administration fees, third-party consignment commissions earned, service and maintenance fee revenue, revenue related to the management of fixed base operator services, and other discrete revenue items. 
 
 (d) 

52 

Table of Contents 

 period from the acquisition date to a residual value. This methodology is believed to accurately reflect the Company s typical holding period for the engine assets and that the residual value assumption reasonably approximates the selling price of the assets years from the date of acquisition. The typical year holding period is the estimated useful life of the Company s engines based on its business model and plans, and represents how long the Company anticipates holding a newly acquired engine. The technical useful life of a new engine can be in excess of years. The Company reviews the useful life and residual values of all engines periodically as demand changes to accurately depreciate the cost of equipment over the useful life of the engines. 
 
 The aircraft and airframes owned by the Company are generally depreciated on a straight-line basis over an estimated useful life of to years to a to residual value. The marine vessel owned by the Company is depreciated on a straight-line basis over an estimated useful life of years to a residual value. The other leased parts and related equipment owned by the Company are generally depreciated on a straight-line basis over an estimated useful life of to years to a residual value. 
 
 The useful life of older generation engines and aircraft may be significantly less based upon the technical status of the engine, as well as supply and demand factors. For these older generation engines and aircraft, the remaining useful life and the remaining expected holding period are typically the same. For older generation engines or aircraft that are unlikely to be repaired at the end of the current expected useful lives, the Company depreciates the engines or aircraft over their estimated lives to a residual value based on an estimate of the wholesale value of the parts after disassembly. As of December 31, 2022, engines having a net book value of million were depreciated under this policy with estimated remaining useful lives ranging from to months. The Company adjusts its estimates annually for these older generation assets, including updating estimates of an engine s or aircraft s remaining operating life as well as future residual value expected from part-out based on the current technical status of the engine or aircraft. 
 
 The formal annual review resulted in impairment charge in 2022 and a total impairment charge of million in 2021. Additionally, the Company recorded impairment charges of million and million in 2022 and 2021, respectively, as a result of triggering events occurring during the year. These write-downs are included in Write-down of equipment in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 (e) 

(f) 

(g) 

53 

Table of Contents 

(h) 

(i) 
 
 years. Leasehold improvements are recorded at cost and depreciated by the straight-line method over the shorter of the lease term or useful life of the leasehold. 
 
 (j) 

(k) 
 
 Under WEST III, cash equal to a portion of the projected maintenance obligations for the subsequent is held in a restricted account and is subject to a minimum balance of million. Under WEST IV, cash equal to a portion of the projected maintenance obligations for the subsequent is held in a restricted account and is subject to a minimum balance of million. Under WEST V, cash equal to a portion of the projected maintenance obligations for the subsequent is held in a restricted account and is subject to a minimum balance of million. Under WEST VI, cash equal to a portion of the projected maintenance obligations for the subsequent is held in a restricted account and is subject to a minimum balance of million. Under WEST III, WEST IV and WEST V, security deposits are held in restricted accounts equal to a portion of the security deposits for leases scheduled to terminate over the subsequent , in each case, subject to a minimum balance of million. Under WEST VI, all security deposits for leases scheduled to terminate before the expected maturity date of the notes are held in a restricted account, subject to a minimum balance of million. Provided lease return conditions have been met, these deposits will be returned to the lessee. To the extent return conditions are not met, these deposits may be retained by the Company. 
 
 (l) 
 
 54 

Table of Contents 

(m) 
 
 . Aside from goodwill, the Company has intangible assets with indefinite useful lives. Goodwill is assessed for impairment annually, at each year end. 
 
 (n) 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, other assets included prepaid deposits of million and million, respectively, relating to commitments to purchase equipment. 
 
 (o) 

(p) 

(q) 
 
 of the equity of the ventures and are accounted for using the equity method of accounting. The investments are recorded at the amount invested plus or minus our share of net income or loss, less any distributions or return of capital received from the entities. 
 
 (r) 

(s) 
 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 The amounts amortized were million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 (t) 

(u) 

(v) 

(w) Risks and Uncertainties 
 
 In January 2022, the Company lifted travel restrictions and subsequently reopened its corporate headquarters and other offices for employees and contractors to work from. The Company has experienced and continues to experience various degrees of disruption due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Lower demand for air travel presents significant risks to the Company, resulting in impacts which have adversely affected the Company's business, results of operations, and financial condition. The Company is not able to evaluate or foresee the full extent of these impacts at the current time. 
 
 The scope and nature of the impact of COVID-19 on the airline industry, and in turn the Company's business, continue to evolve and the outcomes are uncertain. Given the uncertainty in the rapidly changing market and economic conditions related to COVID-19, we will continue to evaluate the nature and extent of the impact to the Company's business and financial position. The ultimate extent of the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Company will depend on future developments, and such effects could exist for an extended period of time. 
 
 Other than what has been reflected in the Consolidated Financial Statements, the Company is not aware of any specific event or circumstance related to the COVID-19 pandemic that would require it to update its estimates or judgments or adjust the carrying value of its assets or liabilities. Actual results could differ from those estimates and any such differences may be material to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 56 

Table of Contents 

2. 
 
 million and a lease liability of million for this lease during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Leases with terms of 12 months or less are not recorded on the balance sheet; the Company recognizes lease expense for these leases on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Some of the Company s leases include variable non-lease components e.g. , taxes) which are not separated from associated lease components e.g. , fixed rent, common-area maintenance costs, vehicle protection plans and other service fees) as elected under the practical expedient package provided by ASC 842. 
 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 , some of which include options to renew or extend the lease term from one to . Our automobile leases include an option to purchase the vehicle at lease termination. The depreciable life of assets is limited by the expected lease term, unless there is a transfer of title or purchase option reasonably certain of exercise. The exercise of lease renewal options or purchase at lease termination is at the Company s sole discretion. If it is reasonably certain that we will exercise such options, the periods covered by such options are included in the lease term and are recognized as part of our ROU assets and lease liabilities. 
 
 Total leased assets Liabilities Operating lease right-of-use liabilities Accounts payable and accrued expenses Total lease liabilities Weighted average remaining lease term (years) Operating leases Weighted average discount rate Operating leases 
 
 The weighted average discount rate is based on the discount rate for each lease and the remaining balance of the lease payments for each lease at the reporting date. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: interest ) Total lease liabilities 
 
 The following table represents future minimum lease payments under non-cancelable operating leases at December 31, 2022: 
 
 Year (in thousands) 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 
 58 

Table of Contents 

Net lease cost 
 
 Supplemental cash flow information related to leases was as follows: 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (in thousands) Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities: Operating cash flows from operating leases Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations: Operating leases 

3. 
 
 Maintenance reserve revenue Spare parts and equipment sales Interest income Gain on sale of leased equipment Gain on sale of financial assets Managed services Other revenue ) Total revenue ) 

Year ended December 31, 2021 Leasing and Related Operations Spare Parts Sales Eliminations Total Lease rent revenue Maintenance reserve revenue Spare parts and equipment sales Interest income Gain on sale of leased equipment Gain on sale of financial assets Asset transition fee (1) Managed services Other revenue ) Total revenue ) 
 ________________________________________________________ 
 (1) Asset transition fee reflects the settlement received from the close out of an engine transition program. 

59 

Table of Contents 

 4. 
 
 million of equipment held in our operating lease portfolio, million of notes receivable, million of maintenance rights, and million of investments in sales-type leases, which represented engines, aircraft, marine vessel and other leased parts and equipment. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had million of equipment held in our operating lease portfolio, million of notes receivable, and million of maintenance rights, which represented engines, aircraft, marine vessel and other leased parts and equipment. 
 
 ) ) Aircraft and airframes ) ) Marine vessel ) ) ) ) 
 
 Notes Receivable 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded interest income related to the notes receivable, recorded in Other revenue of million and million, respectively. The effective interest rates on our notes receivable ranged from to as of December 31, 2022 and to as of December 30, 2021. 
 
 A majority of the equipment is leased and operated internationally. Substantially all leases relating to this equipment are denominated and payable in U.S. dollars. 
 
 The Company leases equipment to lessees domiciled in geographic regions. 
 
 Asia-Pacific Europe South America Canada Central America Middle East Totals 
 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 United States Europe South America Central America Canada Middle East Off-lease Totals 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the lease status of the equipment held for operating lease (in thousands) was as follows: 
 
 Lease Term Net Book Value Off-lease and other Month-to-month leases Leases expiring 2023 Leases expiring 2024 Leases expiring 2025 Leases expiring 2026 Leases expiring 2027 Leases expiring thereafter 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 

5. 
 
 interest in the joint venture and the Company uses the equity method in recording investment activity. As of December 31, 2022, WMES owned a lease portfolio of engines and aircraft with a net book value of million. 
 
 In 2014, the Company entered into an agreement with China Aviation Supplies Import Export Corporation CASC to participate in a joint venture named CASC Willis Lease Finance Company Limited CASC Willis ), a joint venture based in Shanghai, China. Each partner holds a interest in the joint venture and the Company uses the equity method in recording investment activity. CASC Willis acquires and leases jet engines to Chinese airlines and concentrates on the demand for leased commercial aircraft engines and aviation assets in the People s Republic of China. As of December 31, 2022, CASC Willis owned a lease portfolio of engines with a net book value of million. 
 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 Income from joint ventures Foreign currency translation adjustment Other comprehensive gain from joint ventures Investment in joint ventures as of December 31, 2021 Income (loss) from joint ventures ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Other comprehensive gain from joint ventures Investment in joint ventures as of December 31, 2022 
 
 Other revenue on the Consolidated Statements of Income includes management fees earned of million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, related to the servicing of engines for the WMES lease portfolio. 
 
 During 2022, the Company sold engines to WMES for million. During 2021, the Company sold engines to WMES for million. 
 
 There were aircraft or engine sales to CASC Willis during 2022 or 2021. 
 
 In December 2022, the Company subleased a WMES engine to a third party, with WMES as the head lessor. Under ASC 842, the Company recognized a ROU asset of million and a lease liability of million for this lease during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Expenses WMES net income 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 2021 (in thousands) Total assets Total liabilities Total WMES net equity 
 
 The difference between the Company s investment in WMES and of total WMES net equity is primarily attributable to the recognition of deferred gains, prior to the adoption of ASU 2017-05, related to engines sold by the Company to WMES. 
 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 6. 
 
 at December 31, 2022, secured by engines. The facility has a committed amount of billion at December 31, 2022, which revolves until the maturity date of June 2024 
 WEST VI Series A 2021 term notes payable at a fixed rate of interest of , maturing in May 2046, secured by engines 
 WEST VI Series B 2021 term notes payable at a fixed rate of interest of , maturing in May 2046, secured by engines 
 WEST VI Series C 2021 term notes payable at a fixed rate of interest of , maturing in May 2046, secured by engines 
 WEST V Series A 2020 term notes payable at a fixed rate of interest of , maturing in March 2045, secured by engines 
 WEST V Series B 2020 term notes payable at a fixed rate of interest of , maturing in March 2045, secured by engines 
 WEST V Series C 2020 term notes payable at a fixed rate of interest of , maturing in March 2045, secured by engines 
 WEST IV Series A 2018 term notes payable at a fixed rate of interest of , maturing in September 2043, secured by engines 
 WEST IV Series B 2018 term notes payable at a fixed rate of interest of , maturing in September 2043, secured by engines 
 WEST III Series A 2017 term notes payable at a fixed rate of interest of , maturing in August 2042, secured by engines 
 WEST III Series B 2017 term notes payable at a fixed rate of interest of , maturing in August 2042, secured by engines 
 Note payable at a fixed rate of interest of , maturing in July 2024, secured by an aircraft 
 Less: unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Total debt obligations 
 
 One-month LIBOR was 4.39 and 0.10 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had a revolving credit facility to finance the acquisition of equipment for lease as well as for general working capital purposes, with the amounts drawn under the facility not to exceed that which is allowed under the borrowing base as defined by the credit agreement. In June 2019, the Company entered into the Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement Amended Credit Agreement which incorporates an accordion feature that can expand the billion credit facility up to billion. Pursuant to the Amended Credit Agreement, all obligations under the revolving credit facility are collateralized by the title and interest of the Company and certain of its subsidiaries, and to substantially all of its assets and properties. 
 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 million and million were available under this facility, respectively. On a quarterly basis, the interest rate is adjusted based on the Company s leverage ratio, as calculated under the terms of the revolving credit facility. Under the revolving credit facility, all subsidiaries except WEST III, WEST IV, WEST V and WEST VI jointly and severally guarantee payment and performance of the terms of the loan agreement. The guarantee would be triggered by a default under the agreement. 
 
 In May 2021, WLFC and its direct, wholly-owned subsidiary WEST VI, closed its offering of million aggregate principal amount of fixed rate notes. The WEST VI Notes were issued in three series, with the Series A Notes issued in an aggregate principal amount of million, the Series B Notes issued in an aggregate principal amount of million and the Series C Notes issued in an aggregate principal amount of million. The WEST VI Notes are secured by, among other things, WEST VI s direct and indirect ownership interests in a portfolio of aircraft engines and an airframe. 
 
 The Series A Notes have a fixed coupon of , an expected maturity of approximately and a final maturity date in May 2046, the Series B Notes have a fixed coupon of , an expected maturity of approximately and a final maturity date in May 2046 and the Series C Notes have a fixed coupon of , an expected maturity of approximately and a final maturity date in May 2046. The Series A Notes were issued at a price of of par, the Series B Notes were issued at a price of of par and the Series C Notes were issued at a price of of par. Principal on the WEST VI Notes is payable monthly to the extent of available cash in accordance with a priority of payments included in the indenture. 
 
 In May 2021, WLFC repaid an existing note payable with a balance of million that was secured by engines. 
 
 In December 2022, the Company recognized a million gain on debt extinguishment associated with the repurchase of tranches of ABS notes with a balance of million. 
 
 The assets of WEST III, WEST IV, WEST V and WEST VI are not available to satisfy the Company s obligations other than the obligations specific to that WEST entity. WEST III, WEST IV, WEST V and WEST VI are consolidated for financial statement presentation purposes. WEST III, WEST IV, WEST V and WEST VI s ability to make distributions and pay dividends to the Company is subject to the prior payments of their debt and other obligations and their maintenance of adequate reserves and capital. Under WEST III, WEST IV, WEST V and WEST VI, cash is collected in restricted accounts, which are used to service the debt and any remaining amounts, after debt service and defined expenses, are distributed to the Company. Additionally, a portion of maintenance reserve payments and lease security deposits are formulaically accumulated in restricted accounts and are available to fund future maintenance events and to secure lease payments, respectively. The WEST III, WEST IV, WEST V and WEST VI indentures require that a minimum threshold of maintenance reserve and security deposit balances be held in restricted cash accounts. 
 
 Virtually all of our debt requires ongoing compliance with the covenants of each financing, including debt/equity ratios, minimum tangible net worth and minimum interest coverage ratios, and other eligibility criteria including customer and geographic concentration restrictions. The Company also has certain negative financial covenants such as liens, advances, change in business, sales of assets, dividends and stock repurchases. These covenants are tested either monthly or quarterly, and the Company was in full compliance with all financial covenant requirements at December 31, 2022. 

7. 
 
 million and million of variable rate borrowings at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As a matter of policy, management does not use derivatives for speculative purposes. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had interest rate swap agreements. During the first quarter of 2021, the Company entered into fixed-rate interest swap agreements, each having notional amounts of million, with remaining terms of months and with remaining terms of months as of December 31, 2022. interest rate swap agreement was entered into during 2019 which has a notional outstanding amount of million with a remaining term of months as of December 31, 2022. interest rate swap agreement which the Company entered into in 2016 expired in April 2021. The derivative instruments were designated as cash flow hedges at inception and recorded at fair value. 
 
 The Company evaluated the effectiveness of the swaps to hedge the interest rate risk associated with its variable rate debt and concluded at the swap inception date that the swaps were highly effective in hedging that risk. The Company evaluates the effectiveness of the hedging relationship on an ongoing basis and concluded there was no ineffectiveness in the hedges for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 64 

Table of Contents 

million, representing an asset and is reflected within other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The net fair value of the interest rate swaps as of December 31, 2021 was million, representing an asset of million and a liability of million, reflected within other assets and accounts payable and accrued expenses on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, respectively. The Company recorded an adjustment to interest expense of ) million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, from derivative investments. As of December 31, 2022, the accumulative derivative gain was million and as of December 31, 2021 the accumulative derivative gain was million. 
 
 Effect of Derivative Instruments on Earnings in the Statements of Income and of Comprehensive Income 
 
 Total 
 
 The effective portion of the change in fair value on a derivative instrument designated as a cash flow hedge is reported as a component of other comprehensive income and is reclassified into earnings in the period during which the transaction being hedged affects earnings or it is probable that the forecasted transaction will not occur. The ineffective portion of the hedges, if any, is recorded in earnings in the current period. There was no ineffectiveness in the hedges for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Counterparty Credit Risk 
 
 The Company evaluates the creditworthiness of the counterparties under its hedging agreements. The counterparties for the interest rate swaps are large financial institutions that possessed an investment grade credit rating. Based on this rating, the Company believes that the counterparties were credit-worthy and that their continuing performance under the hedging agreement was probable and did not require the counterparties to provide collateral or other security to the Company. 
 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 8. 
 
 Foreign ) Income before income taxes 
 
 Deferred ) Total ) 2021 Current ) Deferred Total 
 
 State taxes, net of federal benefit ) Foreign tax paid Foreign jurisdiction rate differential Permanent differences-nondeductible executive compensation Permanent differences and other ) Effective income tax expense 
 
 Permanent differences and other includes Subpart F income of million from foreign operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company records tax expense or benefit for unusual or infrequent items discretely in the period in which they occur. 

66 

Table of Contents 

Decreases related to current year tax positions Decreases due to tax positions expired ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 Decreases related to current year tax positions Decreases due to tax positions expired ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 
 State taxes Inventory Reserves and allowances Other accruals Lease liability Net operating loss carry forward California alternative minimum tax credit Charitable contributions Total deferred tax assets Less: valuation allowance ) ) Net deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Depreciation and impairment on aircraft engines and equipment ) ) Notes receivable ) ) Right of use liability ) ) Other deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax liabilities ) ) Other comprehensive income deferred tax liability ) ) Net deferred tax liabilities ) ) 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had net operating loss carry forwards of approximately million for federal tax purposes and million (tax effected) for state tax purposes. The majority of the federal net operating loss carry forwards were generated in 2020 and can be carried forward indefinitely. The remainder will expire at various times from 2033 to 2037, and the state net operating loss carry forwards will expire at various times from 2026 to 2043. There is a million valuation allowance for net operating losses in California that expire between 2034 and 2042 and a million valuation allowance for net operating losses in Georgia that expire between 2032 and 2040. The Company s ability to utilize the net operating loss and tax credit carry forwards in the future may be subject to restriction in the event of past or future ownership changes as defined in Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code and similar state tax law. Management believes that no valuation allowance is required on deferred tax assets related to federal net operating loss carry forwards, as it is more likely than not that all amounts are recoverable through future taxable income. The open tax years for federal and state tax purposes are from 2005 to 2022. 
 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 million held at a subsidiary in China, for which the tax impact of the planned repatriation has been accrued, it is the Company's intention to reinvest undistributed earnings of their wholly-owned foreign operations and thereby indefinitely postpone their remittance. Accordingly, no provision has been made for foreign withholding taxes or U.S. income taxes. 

9. 
 
 million and million, respectively, based on the fair value of estimated future payments calculated using interest rates that approximate prevailing market rates at each period end (Level 2 inputs). 
 
 Investments in sales-type leases: The carrying amount of the Company's outstanding balance on its Investments in sales-type leases as of December 31, 2022 was estimated to have a fair value of approximately million based on the fair value of estimated future payments calculated using interest rates that approximate prevailing market rates at each period end (Level 2 inputs). The Company had Investments in sales-type leases at December 31, 2021. 
 
 Debt obligations : The carrying amount of the Company s outstanding balance on its Debt obligations as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was estimated to have a fair value of approximately million and million, respectively, based on the fair value of estimated future payments calculated using interest rates that approximate prevailing market rates at each year end (Level 2 inputs). 
 
 Assets Measured and Recorded at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis and a Nonrecurring Basis 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company measured the fair value of its interest rate swaps based on Level 2 inputs, due to the usage of inputs that can be corroborated by observable market data. The Company estimates the fair value of derivative instruments using a discounted cash flow technique and has used creditworthiness inputs that corroborate observable market data evaluating the Company s and counterparties risk of non-performance. The net fair value of the interest rate swaps as of December 31, 2022 was million, representing an asset. The net fair value of the interest rate swaps as of December 31, 2021 was million, representing an asset of million and a liability of million. The Company recorded an adjustment to interest expense of ) million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, from derivative investments. 
 
 Goodwill is assessed for impairment annually, at each year end by comparing the fair values of the reporting units to their carrying amounts. The Company first assesses qualitative factors to determine whether it is necessary to perform the quantitative goodwill impairment test. 
 68 

Table of Contents 

Equipment held for sale Total 
 
 Write-downs of equipment to their estimated fair values totaled million for the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily reflecting an adjustment of the carrying value of impaired engines. Of these write-downs, million reflects the impairment of engines located in Russia which were determined, due to the Russia and Ukraine conflict, to be unrecoverable. The remaining write-downs were in the ordinary course of business. As of December 31, 2022, included within equipment held for lease and equipment held for sale was million in remaining book value of assets which were previously written down. 
 
 Write-downs of equipment to their estimated fair values totaled million for the year ended December 31, 2021 which included write-downs of million due to a management decision to monetize engines and airframe either by sale to a third party or for part-out and million for the adjustment of the carrying value of impaired engines. 

10. 
 
 anti-dilutive shares excluded in the computations of diluted weighted average earnings per common share for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Basic weighted average common shares outstanding Potentially dilutive common shares Diluted weighted average common shares outstanding Basic weighted average earnings per common share Diluted weighted average earnings per common share 

11. 

69 

Table of Contents 

 million in purchase commitments of equipment that will be satisfied within four fiscal years. The purchase obligations are subject to escalation based on the closing date of each transaction. 
 
 In December 2020, the Company entered into definitive agreements for the purchase of modern technology aircraft engines. As part of the purchase, the Company has committed to certain future overhaul and maintenance services which are anticipated to range between million and million by 2030. 

12. 
 
 million of the Company s common stock, extending the plan through December 31, 2024. Repurchased shares are immediately retired. During 2022, the Company repurchased shares of common stock for approximately million under the plan, at a weighted average price of per share. During 2021, the Company repurchased shares of common stock for approximately million under the plan, at a weighted average price of per share. At December 31, 2022, approximately million was available to purchase shares under the plan. 
 
 Redeemable Preferred Stock 
 
 In October 2016, the Company sold and issued to Development Bank of Japan Inc. DBJ an aggregate of shares of the Company s Series A Preferred Stock, par value per share (the Series A Preferred Stock at a purchase price of per share. The net proceeds to the Company after deducting investor fees were million. 
 
 In September 2017, the Company sold and issued to DBJ an aggregate of shares of the Company s Series A-2 Preferred Stock, par value per share (the Series A-2 Preferred Stock at a purchase price of per share. The net proceeds to the Company after deducting issuance costs were million. 
 
 The rights and privileges of the Preferred Stock are described below: 
 
 Voting Rights: Holders of the Preferred Stock do not have general voting rights. 
 
 Dividends: The Company s Series A-1 Preferred Stock and Series A-2 Preferred Stock accrue quarterly dividends at the rate per annum of per share. During each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company paid total dividends of million on the Series A-1 and Series A-2 Preferred Stock, respectively. 
 
 Liquidation Preference: The holders of the Preferred Stock have preference in the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution, or winding-up of the corporation, including a merger or consolidation. Upon such liquidation event, the Preferred Stockholders are entitled to be paid out of the assets of the Company available for distribution to its stockholders after payment of all the Company s indebtedness and other obligations and before any payment shall be made to the holders of common stock or any other class or series of stock ranking on liquidation junior to the Preferred Stock an amount equal to per share, plus any declared but unpaid dividends. 
 
 Redemption: The Preferred Stock has no stated maturity date, however the holders of the Preferred Stock have the option to require the Company to redeem all or any portion of the Preferred Stock for cash upon occurrence of any significant changes in operating results, ownership structure, or liquidity events as defined in the Preferred Stock purchase agreements. The redemption price is per share plus dividends accrued but not paid. The Company is accreting the Preferred Stock to redemption value over the period from the date of issuance to the date first callable by the Preferred Stockholders (October 2023 for the Series A Preferred Stock and September 2024 for the Series A-2 Preferred Stock), such that the carrying amounts of the securities will equal the redemption amounts at the earliest redemption dates. 
 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 13. 
 
 2021 Stock Incentive Plan Employee Stock Purchase Plan Total Stock Compensation Expense 
 
 The significant stock compensation plans are described below. 
 
 The 2007 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2007 Plan was adopted in May 2007. Under this 2007 Plan, a total of shares were authorized for stock-based compensation available in the form of either restricted stock awards RSAs or stock options. The RSAs are subject to service-based vesting, typically between one and , in which a specific period of continued employment must pass before an award vests. The expense associated with these awards is recognized on a straight-line basis over the respective vesting period, with forfeitures accounted for as they occur. For any vesting tranche of an award, the cumulative amount of compensation cost recognized is equal to the portion of the grant date fair value of the award tranche that is actually vested at that date. As of December 31, 2022, there were stock options outstanding under the 2007 Plan. 
 
 The 2018 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2018 Plan was adopted in May 2018. Under this 2018 Plan total of shares were authorized for stock-based compensation, plus the number of shares remaining under the 2007 Plan and any future forfeited awards under the 2007 Plan, in the form of RSAs. In November 2021, the 2018 Plan was amended and restated as the 2021 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2021 Plan to increase the number of shares reserved for issuance under the 2021 Plan by shares. The RSAs are subject to either service-based vesting, which is typically between one and , in which a specific period of continued employment must pass before an award vests, or performance-based vesting, which is typically over . The expense associated with these awards is recognized on a straight-line basis over the respective vesting period, with forfeitures accounted for as they occur. For any vesting tranche of an award, the cumulative amount of compensation cost recognized is equal to the portion of the grant date fair value of the award tranche that is actually vested at that date. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company has granted RSAs under the 2021 Plan and has shares available for future issuance. The fair value of the restricted stock awards equaled the stock price at the grant date. 
 
 Shares granted Shares forfeited Shares vested ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 Shares granted Shares forfeited Shares vested ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the stock compensation expense related to the RSAs that will be recognized over the average remaining vesting period of approximately totaled million. At December 31, 2022, the intrinsic value of unvested RSAs was million. 
 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 shares of common stock have been reserved for issuance. Full-time employees may designate no more than of their base cash compensation to be deducted each pay period for the purchase of common stock under the Purchase Plan. Participants may purchase no more than shares or of common stock in any one calendar year. Each January 31 and July 31 shares of common stock are purchased with the employees payroll deductions from the immediately preceding six months at a price per share of of the lesser of the market price of the common stock on the purchase date or the market price of the common stock on the date of entry into an offering period. In 2022 and 2021, and shares of common stock, respectively, were issued under the ESPP. The Company issues new shares through its transfer agent upon employee stock purchase. 

14. 
 
 of pretax salary or wages up to (or for employees at least years of age). The Company matches of employee contributions and was capped at per employee in 2022. The Company match totaled million for each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

15. 
 
 million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, related to the servicing of engines for the WMES lease portfolio. 
 
 During 2022, the Company sold engines to WMES for million. During 2021, the Company sold engines to WMES for million. 
 
 There were aircraft or engine sales to CASC Willis during 2022 or 2021. 
 
 In December 2022, the Company subleased a WMES engine to a third party, with WMES as the head lessor. Under ASC 842, the Company recognized a ROU asset of million and a lease liability of million for this lease during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Other 
 
 During 2022, the Company paid approximately of expenses payable to Mikchalk Lake, LLC, an entity in which our Executive Chairman retains an ownership interest. These expenses were for lodging and other business-related services. Additionally, during the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company paid a third-party vendor approximately million under an exclusive use agreement for an aircraft used for business-related purposes. The third-party vendor leased the aircraft from a company which our Executive Chairman owns. These transactions were approved by the Board s Independent Directors. 

16. 
 
 reportable business segments: (i) Leasing and Related Operations which involves acquiring and leasing, primarily pursuant to operating leases, commercial aircraft, aircraft engines and other aircraft equipment and the selective purchase and resale of commercial aircraft engines and other aircraft equipment and other related businesses and (ii) Spare Parts Sales which involves the purchase and resale of after-market engine parts, whole engines, engine modules and portable aircraft components. 
 
 The Company evaluates the performance of each of the segments based on profit or loss after general and administrative expenses. While the Company believes there are synergies between the business segments, the segments are managed separately because each requires different business strategies. 

72 

Table of Contents 

Maintenance reserve revenue Spare parts and equipment sales Interest income Gain on sale of leased equipment Gain on sale of financial assets Other revenue ) Total revenue ) Expenses: Depreciation and amortization expense Cost of spare parts and equipment sales Write-down of equipment General and administrative Technical expense Net finance costs: Interest expense Gain on debt extinguishment ) ) Total finance costs Total expenses Income from operations ) 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 Maintenance reserve revenue Spare parts and equipment sales Interest income Gain on sale of leased equipment Gain on sale of financial assets Asset transition fee (1) Other revenue ) Total revenue ) Expenses: Depreciation and amortization expense Cost of spare parts and equipment sales Write-down of equipment General and administrative ) Technical expense Net finance costs: Interest expense Total finance costs Total expenses ) Income (loss) from operations ) ) _____________________ 
 (1) Asset transition fee reflects the settlement received from the close out of an engine transition program. 
 
 Leasing and Related Operations Spare Parts Sales Eliminations Total Total assets as of December 31, 2022 Total assets as of December 31, 2021 

74 

Table of Contents 

 ) ) Deferred tax valuation allowance Year Ended December 31, 2022 Accounts receivable, allowance for doubtful accounts ) Deferred tax valuation allowance 

75 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 exhibit211subsidiariesofth.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 
 WILLIS LEASE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 List of Subsidiaries 
 
 Subsidiary State or Jurisdiction of Incorporation Carbonshift LLC Delaware Coconut Creek Aviation Assets LLC Delaware Facility Engine Acquisition LLC Delaware WEST Engine Acquisition LLC Delaware WEST Engine Funding LLC Delaware WEST III Engines (Ireland) Limited Rep. of Ireland WEST III France France WEST IV Engines (Ireland) Limited Rep. of Ireland WEST IV France France WEST V Engines (Ireland) Limited Rep. of Ireland WEST V France France WEST VI Assets Corporation Delaware WEST VI Engines (Ireland) Limited Rep. of Ireland Willis Aeronautical Services, Inc. Delaware Willis Asset Management Limited United Kingdom Willis Aviation Finance LLC Delaware Willis Aviation Services Limited United Kingdom Willis Engine Structured Trust III Delaware Willis Engine Structured Trust IV Delaware Willis Engine Structured Trust V Delaware Willis Engine Structured Trust VI Delaware Willis Lease (Ireland) Limited Rep. of Ireland Willis Lease Finance (Ireland) Limited Rep. of Ireland Willis Lease Finance India IFSC Private Limited India Willis Lease France France Willis Lease Machinery (Shanghai) Co., Limited People s Republic of China Willis Lease Marine LLC Cayman Islands Willis Lease Singapore Pte. Ltd. Singapore Willis Sustainable Fuels (UK) Limited United Kingdom WLFC (Ireland) Limited Rep. of Ireland WLFC Funding (Ireland) Limited Rep. of Ireland 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 exhibit231consentofgrantth.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We have issued our reports dated March 10, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and internal control over financial reporting included in the Annual Report of Willis Lease Finance Corporation on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. We consent to the incorporation by reference of said reports in the Registration Statements of Willis Lease Finance Corporation on Forms S-8 (File No. 333-263530, File No. 333-226695, File No. 333-221463, File No. 333-219572, File No. 333-170049, File No. 333-142914 and File No. 333-118127). 
 
 s Grant Thornton LLP Cincinnati, Ohio March 10, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 exhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Austin C. Willis, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Willis Lease Finance Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 10, 2023 s Austin C. Willis Austin C. Willis Chief Executive Officer and Director 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 exhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Scott B. Flaherty, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Willis Lease Finance Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 10, 2023 s Scott B. Flaherty Scott B. Flaherty Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 6
 exhibit32.htm
 EX-32

Document 

Exhibit 32 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 Each of the undersigned hereby certifies, in his or her capacity as an officer of Willis Lease Finance Corporation (the Company ), for purposes of 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his or her knowledge 
 the Annual Report of the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 the information contained in such report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 
 Dated March 10, 2023 s Austin C. Willis Austin C. Willis Chief Executive Officer and Director s Scott B. Flaherty Scott B. Flaherty Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 wlfc-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 wlfc-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 wlfc-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 wlfc-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 wlfc-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

