<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230303_10-K_edgar_data_1522767_0001522767-23-000015.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12267720</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>376836</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2235529</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3057342</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3514654</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2903103</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>16</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001522767-23-000015.hdr.sgml : 20230303
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230303150802
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001522767-23-000015
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		112
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230303
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230303

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MARIMED INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001522767
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MEDICINAL CHEMICALS & BOTANICAL PRODUCTS [2833]
		IRS NUMBER:				274672745
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54433
		FILM NUMBER:		23703338

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10 OCEANA WAY
		STREET 2:		2ND FLOOR
		CITY:			NORWOOD
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02062
		BUSINESS PHONE:		617-795-5940

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10 OCEANA WAY
		STREET 2:		2ND FLOOR
		CITY:			NORWOOD
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02062

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WORLDS ONLINE INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110608

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001522767-23-000015.txt : 20230303

10-K
 1
 mrmd-20221231.htm
 10-K

mrmd-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from _________________ to _________________ 
 Commission File number 
 
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
 - 
 (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name Of Each Exchange On Which Registered None Not Applicable Not Applicable 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 Common Stock, .001 par value 
 (Title of Class) 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 Yes o x 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. 
 Yes o x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 
 o Large Accelerated Filer 
 x 
 o Non-Accelerated Filer 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by heck mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act.): Yes o x 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the closing price as of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was million. 
 At March 1, 2023, the issuer had outstanding shares of Common Stock, par value 0.001 per share. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page Part I 
 Item 1 
 Business 
 2 
 Item 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 7 
 Item 1B 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 15 
 Item 2 
 Properties 
 15 
 Item 3 
 Legal Proceedings 
 17 
 Item 4 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 18 
 Part II 
 Item 5 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 19 
 Item 6 
 Selected Financial Data 
 19 
 Item 7 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 19 
 Item 7A 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 27 
 Item 8 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 28 
 Item 9 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 67 
 Item 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
 67 
 Item 9B 
 Other Information 
 68 
 Item 9C Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspection 
 69 
 Part III 
 Item 10 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 70 
 Item 11 
 Executive Compensation 
 70 
 Item 12 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 70 
 Item 13 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 70 
 Item 14 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 70 
 Part IV 
 Item 15 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 71 
 Item 16 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 71 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING INFORMATION 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended. These statements involve risks and uncertainties, and our actual results could differ significantly from those discussed herein. These include statements about our expectations, beliefs, intentions or strategies for the future, which the Company indicates by words or phrases such as anticipate, expect, estimate, could, should, would, project, predict, intend, plan, will, believe, and similar language, including those set forth in the discussion under Description of Business, Risk Factors and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations as well as those discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The Company bases its forward-looking statements on information currently available to it, and the Company believes that the assumption and expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable. The Company assumes no obligation to revise or update any revision to these forward-looking statements, except as required by law Given these risks and uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. Statements contained in this Form 10-K that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements that are subject to the safe harbor created by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. 
 
 Unless expressly indicated or the context requires otherwise, the terms "MariMed", "company", "we", "us", "our", and "Company" in this document refer to MariMed Inc., a Delaware Corporation, and, where appropriate, its subsidiaries. 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 
 Company Overview 
 
 We are a multi-state cannabis operator in the United States, headquartered in Norwood, Massachusetts, dedicated to improving lives every day through our high-quality products, our actions and our values. We develop, own, and manage seed to sale state-licensed, state-of-the-art, regulatory-compliant facilities for the cultivation, production, and dispensing of medicinal and adult-use cannabis. We have created and continue to develop our own brands of premium cannabis flower, concentrates, edibles, and other precision-dosed products utilizing our proprietary strains and formulations. We also license our proprietary brands, along with other top cannabis products, in domestic markets. 
 
 Our common stock trades on both the OTCQX and the Canadian Securities Exchange under the ticker symbol MRMD. 
 
 Company History 
 
 In 2014, we entered the cannabis industry as an advisory and real estate management firm that procured state-issued cannabis licenses on behalf of our clients, developed cannabis facilities that we leased to these newly licensed companies, and provided industry-leading expertise and oversight in all aspects of their cannabis operations. 
 
 In 2018, we made the strategic decision to transition from an advisory business to a direct owner and operator of cannabis licenses in high-growth states. Key to this transition was the acquisition and consolidation of our clients for whom we had played a key role in the success of such clients, including securing their cannabis licenses, developing facilities that are models of excellence, funding their operations and providing operational and corporate guidance. We have successfully acquired and integrated certain client businesses in several states and believe that our prior experience in managing these businesses has provided us with the skills and expertise required to manage the continuing growth of these operations. 
 
 Throughout our history, we have created our own brands of craft-quality cannabis flower, concentrates, edibles, and other precision-dosed products, which have been award winners and top sellers in multiple states. Applying proprietary cultivation and processing procedures and following the strictest quality standards, our portfolio of brands was developed to fill gaps in the marketplace and meet specific effects desired by today s cannabis consumer. We invest in ongoing research and development and intend to continue to introduce new and innovative products in the future. 
 
 Today, we operate state-of-art, regulatory compliant cannabis cultivation and processing facilities that grow and manufacture our proprietary, high-quality, branded cannabis consumer products. We distribute our products via the wholesale market to hundreds of dispensaries operated by other cannabis license holders. We also operate our own dispensaries, which are recognized for their excellent customer service and product selection. Revenue is generated at these dispensaries through the sales of our own products and those marketed by other cannabis license holders. 
 
 We utilize dedicated sales teams to sell our products to wholesale buyers representing the dispensaries operated by other cannabis license holders. Customers at our own dispensaries purchase cannabis for, among other reasons, the relief of pain and stress, promote better sleep and to address other health and wellness needs. We deploy a variety of marketing strategies to drive the sales of our products, including customer loyalty programs, digital advertising, in-store displays, public relations, and more. 
 
 We generate additional revenue from licensing, management fees, and real-estate income. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, these revenues comprised approximately 6 and 11 of our total revenue, respectively. This revenue has declined as we have acquired and consolidated the client businesses that had been paying us licensing, management, and facility rental fees. 
 
 Our Strategic Growth Plan 
 
 We continue to focus on executing our strategic growth plan, with priority on activities that include the following: 
 
 increasing revenue organically in states where we currently do business by growing our product offerings, bolstering awareness via marketing campaigns, and developing additional assets within those states; 
 expanding our footprint into high-growth legal cannabis states through new license applications and/or acquisitions of existing cannabis businesses; and 
 increasing revenue by producing and distributing our award-winning brands to qualified strategic partners or by acquiring production and distribution licenses. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

Our Competitive Strengths 
 
 We believe that our strengths in the following areas provide us with certain competitive advantages and the tools necessary to successfully implement our strategic plans: 
 
 Experienced Management 
 
 Our management is one of the most experienced and longest tenured in the cannabis industry. Several of our executive team members, including our President and Chief Executive Officer, Chief Operating Officer, and Chief Revenue Officer, have worked in the industry for nearly a decade or more. Our leadership team has achieved considerable success creating and growing businesses in the industry by successfully applying for cannabis licenses, overseeing the development of cannabis operations and facilities, raising capital to purchase and develop facilities, and conducting operations in adherence to regulations established by individual state governments, including all environmental and social governance requirements. Additionally, we have substantially increased the depth and breadth of our executive team with the addition of a new Chief Financial Officer, a new Vice President of Retail Sales, and a new Vice President of Marketing and Research Development. These new executives have significant experience and expertise and increase the strength of our executive team and the overall company. 
 
 Craft Cannabis at Scale 
 
 We own an expansive library of world-class genetics and utilize a hands-on craft cultivation approach, blended with the latest technologies, to grow high-quality cannabis flower and create premium infused cannabis products. Every one of our plants is individually cared for by our trained staff and grown in dedicated rooms featuring customized HVAC, lighting, and nutrients that are designed for growing particular flower strains consistently. Our proprietary approach to cultivation, curing, and processing has enabled us to sell our products at higher price points than most wholesale competitors. 
 
 Exceptional Retail Customer Service 
 
 We believe today s cannabis consumer seeks a shopping experience that is comfortable, educational, and easy. Our dispensaries are models of excellence in this regard. We carefully curate a menu of the highest quality brands and products, and merchandise them in beautifully designed, upscale environments. We invest in budtender and retail personnel training, as well as product programming displayed on in-store monitors to help deliver exceptional customer service throughout the shopping experience. In Massachusetts, we complement our in-store operations with a home delivery option. We intend to do the same in other markets once permitted by state regulations. 
 
 Technological and Scientific Innovation 
 
 We are diligent in identifying and reviewing the latest science and processes applicable to the cultivation, distillation, production, packaging, securing, and distribution of cannabis and cannabis-infused products. We have obtained the highest quality cannabis strains and genetics. We utilize proven consumer products goods CPG research and development methodologies and proprietary processing techniques to create innovative products that fill gaps in the marketplace and ensure consistency from market to market. 
 
 Portfolio of Proprietary, Premium Brands 
 
 We have developed unique, premium brands of precision-dosed, cannabis-infused products, which are currently distributed in cannabis-legal states. Our products are available in the most popular consumption formats, including whole flower, pre-rolled flower, vape cartridges, concentrates, and edibles. We intend to continue expanding our brand portfolio to meet the effects that today s cannabis consumers seek. 
 
 Our portfolio includes several award-winning brands that are among the top sellers in markets where they are available. They include: 
 
 Nature s Heritage , a premium brand of cannabis flower and concentrates; 
 Betty s Eddies , cannabis-, supplement-, and nutrient-infused fruit chews that deliver better sleep, pain relief, stress relief, and more. The Betty s Eddies line also includes a limited collection of cannabis infused ice creams created in partnership with ice cream brand Emack Bolio s 
 Bubby s Baked , soft and chewy baked goods and a hot chocolate mix; 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Vibations: High + Energy , a cannabis-infused energy powder drink mix for discrete, on-the-go consumption; 
 Kalm Fusion and K Fusion , chewable cannabis-infused mint tablets; and 
 InHouse , a value-priced brand of flower, vapes, and edibles. 
 
 Current and Pending Operations 
 
 During the past several years, we have invested in our own operating facilities, applied for and secured new licenses, and acquired new assets to strengthen and expand our brand portfolio and our retail and wholesale networks. We currently hold a total of 20 cannabis licenses in six states. We believe our investment and expansion initiatives will enable us to capture additional market share and provide us with a stronger presence in the states where we conduct business. 
 
 We believe that operating as a fully vertical, seed-to-sale cannabis company provides us the greatest opportunity to maximize revenue and profits in each state where we operate. To date, we are fully vertical through businesses either owned or managed by us in Maryland, Massachusetts, and Delaware. We plan to be fully vertical in Illinois with the opening of a new cultivation and processing facility in 2023. 
 
 Our current and pending operations are as follows: 
 
 Massachusetts 
 
 Massachusetts operates both adult-use and medical cannabis programs. According to the Massachusetts Cannabis Control Commission (the "CCC"), the state s cannabis market was expected to total over 1.8 billion in sales in 2022, a number that is expected to increase to 2.6 billion by 2025 (source: MJ Biz Factbook). 
 
 We operate a 10,000 square foot Panacea Wellness -branded dispensary in Middleborough and a 70,000 square foot cultivation and production facility in New Bedford. 
 
 We intend to expand our New Bedford facility to increase our production capacity to meet the high demand for our products. Our Nature s Heritage flower and concentrates brand, for example, is the #1-selling brand in the state, and we regularly sell all of our available inventory. 
 
 We hope to commence adult-use operations of our new dispensary in Beverly, on Boston s north shore, during the first half of 2023. This dispensary was the result of a 2022 asset purchase. In February 2023, we announced our intention to acquire the operating assets of Ermont, Inc. ("Ermont"), a medical-licensed vertical cannabis operator, located in Quincy, MA. This acquisition, which is subject to approval by the CCC, will provide us with our third dispensary in Massachusetts, substantially completing our buildout to the maximum allowable by state regulations. We also intend to apply for an adult-use license for this dispensary. 
 
 Once fully operational, we expect our retail stores will be easily accessible to all cannabis consumers in eastern Massachusetts. Additionally, we intend to offer home delivery as the result of an early 2023 acquisition (see Recent Developments below). 
 
 Illinois 
 
 Illinois operates both adult-use and medical cannabis programs. According to the Illinois Department of Financial and Professional Regulation, the state reported 1.8 billion in total legal cannabis sales in 2021, which was up more than 100 compared to 2020, when adult-use cannabis was first legalized in the state. With a population of nearly 13 million, Illinois is one of the largest, fastest-growing cannabis markets in the U.S. 
 
 We operate four Thrive -branded dispensaries in the state, including an adult-use dispensary in Metropolis, near the Kentucky border; an adult-use dispensary in Mt. Vernon; and dispensaries in Anna and Harrisburg that each serve both medical and adult-use customers. These four locations provide easy access for most residents in Southern Illinois and surrounding states, including Missouri, Kentucky, Indiana and Tennessee. Our fifth dispensary, located in Casey near the Indiana border, is projected to open in 2023, the result of an August 2022 acquisition. 
 
 In May 2022, we took an important step toward becoming fully vertical in Illinois when we completed the acquisition of a craft cultivation wholesale license. We subsequently acquired a 40,000-square foot building in Mt. Vernon that will house a cultivation and processing facility. We intend to sell our award-winning branded products throughout the state when the facility commences operations, which we expect to occur in 2023, and grow, produce, and wholesale our branded products throughout the state beginning in 2024. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

Maryland 
 
 We became fully vertical in Maryland in 2022. First, we completed the acquisition and consolidation of our client, Kind Therapeutics USA Inc. Kind ), in April 2022. The acquired cultivation, production, and wholesale business sells our premium branded cannabis flower, concentrates, vapes, and edibles from a 180,000-square foot facility in Hagerstown. That business was subsequently augmented by the opening of our Panacea Wellness -branded medical dispensary in Annapolis, which commenced operations in October 2022. 
 
 Maryland operates a successful medical cannabis program, which will expand to include adult-use sales in 2023 following a November 2022 ballot referendum. According to the Maryland Medical Cannabis Commission, the state generated more than 511 million in medical cannabis sales in 2022, with nearly 150,000 registered medical cannabis patients. With a population of 6.2 million, Maryland s cannabis program has some of the highest rates of registered medical consumers, incidence use and spending, on a per capita basis, among all legal medical cannabis programs in the U.S. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Delaware s medical cannabis program has grown to over 20,000 licensed patients, according to the Delaware Department of Health and Social Services. The program generated approximately 37 million in sales in 2022, according to third-party industry data. 
 
 We provide comprehensive management and real estate services to First State Compassion Center FSCC ), our longstanding client in Delaware. We were instrumental in helping FSCC obtain Delaware s first ever seed to sale medical cannabis license.2014. Today, FSCC operates under two of only eleven cannabis licenses in the state. 
 
 We developed and currently lease to FSCC a number of facilities in the state, including: 
 
 a 47,000-square foot cultivation facility and dispensary in Wilmington; 
 an 8,000-square foot production kitchen, also located in Wilmington, that opened in 2022; 
 a 100,000-square foot cultivation facility in Milford that commenced operations in 2022; and 
 a 4,000-square foot dispensary in Lewes. 
 
 FSCC began licensing and distributing a selection of our top-selling edibles brands in the state in 2022. 
 
 Missouri 
 
 Missouri operates a successful medical cannabis program, which expanded to include adult-use sales in February 2023 following a November 2022 ballot referendum. According to the Missouri Department of Health and Senior Services DHSS ), 210 million in cannabis sales were generated during 2021, the first full year of the state s medical cannabis program. With a population of more than six million, Missouri s medical cannabis program has more than 160,000 registered medical cannabis patients. First-year adult-use sales are expected to reach 550 million, according to MJBizDaily estimates. 
 
 As the result of a management contract we announced in September 2022, we expect to distribute our award-winning portfolio of cannabis-infused edibles in Missouri beginning mid-2023, which we plan to produce at a new production kitchen near Kansas City that we are developing and intend to manage. In addition, we have entered into an agreement to obtain the license of a Missouri wholesaler and cultivator, contingent upon obtaining all requisite approvals from the State of Missouri, which we expect to occur in 2023. 
 
 Ohio 
 
 Ohio operates a successful medical cannabis program, with more than 159,000 actively registered patients in a state with a population of nearly 12 million. According to the Ohio Department of Commerce, 2022 medical cannabis sales were approximately 479 million. 
 
 As the result of being awarded a provisional dispensary license by the Ohio Board of Pharmacy in May 2022, we expect to commence operations of a new dispensary in Tiffin, located south of Toledo and home to Tiffin University, in 2023. 
 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Recent Developments 
 
 We have had several recent developments that we believe are critical to the implementation of our strategic growth plan: 
 
 On January 17, 2023, we announced that two executives had joined the Company to help drive retail and wholesale revenue and product innovations: Matt Truppo joined us as Vice President of Retail Sales and Jay O Malley joined us as Vice President of Marketing and Research Development. 
 
 On January 24, 2023, we entered into a Loan and Security Agreement (the Credit Agreement with Chicago Atlantic Admin, LLC as administrative agent for the lenders. Proceeds from the Credit Agreement are designated to complete the build-out of a new cultivation and processing facility in Illinois, complete the buildout of a new processing kitchen in Missouri, expand existing cultivation and processing facilities in Massachusetts and Maryland, fund certain capital expenditures, and to repay in full the Kind Therapeutics seller notes incurred in connection with the Kind acquisition in April 2022. The remaining balance, if any, is expected to be used to fund acquisitions, including, among others, the acquisitions in Quincy, MA;, Casey, IL; and Tiffin, OH. 
 
 On February 21, 2023, we announced our intention to acquire the operating assets of Ermont in Quincy, MA, as previously described. 
 
 Competition 
 
 In the markets where we currently operate, we compete against other fully vertical multi-state operators MSOs ). We believe that our experience in building our business organically from the ground up is a key factor that differentiates us from the majority of other MSOs. We successfully developed and managed our clients' businesses, which we subsequently acquired and consolidated, created our own brands and branded products, and have retained the core management team since inception. While other MSOs have raised significantly more capital, they have generally acquired licensed businesses from sellers with whom they had no prior direct operating relationship. We believe our approach is significantly more cost-efficient, carries less risks, and results in a more seamless integration of processes, personnel, operating philosophies, and culture. 
 
 In addition to MSOs, we face competition from companies of varying sizes and geographic reach. Some, called Single State Operators, are fully vertical in just one state, others focus solely on producing and selling similar products and others solely operate dispensaries and sell the goods of other businesses. Some of our competitors that create and sell their own products are able to produce products that are on par with those we offer. We believe that by utilizing our own best practices and operational expertise, we are able to produce premium cannabis products at one of the lowest cost structures in the industry, which enables us to remain competitive in our markets. However, our sales could decline significantly if our competitors develop and market products that are more effective, more convenient, or less expensive than our products. 
 
 As cannabis products become more mainstream and gain greater acceptance, it is likely that larger and more established companies with greater available resources, including name recognition and national distribution networks, will enter the market. However, we believe that there are many barriers to entry, and to duplicate our licenses, knowledge, and facilities would be costly and time-consuming. We have upgraded our marketing efforts to expand branding and distribution, as well as implemented home delivery, where permissible, and other business strategies developed by more conventional industries. As a result, we have had success in increasing both the number of retail transactions and the average amount of sales underlying those transactions. We have also developed a loyal customer base at our retail locations and improved product visibility and sales of our proprietary portfolio of cannabis products. 
 
 Intellectual Property 
 
 We own registered trademarks for Betty s Eddies, Kalm Fusion, Mari Melts and Nature s Heritage , and have filed to register the Bubby s Baked and Vibations: High + Energy trademarks with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. 
 
 Our proprietary processing and manufacturing techniques and technologies, while not patented, are kept strictly confidential. We enter into and enforce confidentiality agreements with key employees and consultants to protect our intellectual property, trade secrets, and general know-how. 
 
 Our Employees 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had a total of 681 employees, of which 592 were full-time. 
 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Website Access to Company Reports 
 
 Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments to those reports are available free of charge on the Company s website at www.marimedinc.com as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with, or furnished to, the Securities and Exchange Commission, or as filed with the Canadian securities regulatory authorities on the SEDAR website. 
 
 In addition, copies of our annual report will be made available, free of charge, on written request. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 Our business faces significant risks and uncertainties. Certain important factors may have a material adverse effect on our business prospects, financial condition and results of operations, and they should be carefully considered. Accordingly, in evaluating our business, we encourage you to consider the following discussion of risk factors in its entirety in addition to other information contained in or incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K and our other public filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). Other events that we do not currently anticipate or that we currently deem immaterial may also affect our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Risks Related to the Industry in Which We Operate 
 
 Cannabis remains illegal under U.S. federal law. 
 
 In the United States, cannabis is largely regulated at the state level. Each state in which we operate or that we are currently proposing to operate authorizes, as applicable, medical and/or adult use cannabis production and distribution by licensed or registered entities. Many other states have legalized cannabis in some form. However, under U.S. federal law, the possession, use, cultivation, and transfer of cannabis and any related drug paraphernalia are illegal, and any such acts are criminalized under the Controlled Substances Act, as amended, which we refer to as the CSA. Cannabis remains illegal under U.S. federal law and is considered a Schedule I controlled substance under the CSA. As a result, cannabis is deemed to have a high potential for abuse and is not approved or accepted for medical use. 
 
 The concepts of medical cannabis, retail cannabis and adult-use cannabis do not exist under U.S. federal law. While we believe that our business activities are compliant with applicable state and local laws, strict compliance with state and local cannabis laws would not provide a defense to any federal proceeding that may be brought against us. The enforcement of applicable U.S. federal laws poses a significant risk to us. 
 
 Violations of any U.S. federal laws and regulations could result in significant fines, penalties, administrative sanctions, or settlements arising from civil proceedings conducted either by the U.S. federal government or private citizens. We may also be subject to criminal charges under the CSA and, if convicted, could face a variety of penalties including, but not limited to, disgorgement of profits, cessation of business activities, or divestiture. Any of these penalties could have a material adverse effect on our reputation and ability to conduct our business, our holding (directly or indirectly) of medical and adult-use cannabis licenses in the United States; our financial position; operating results; profitability; liquidity; or the market price of our publicly-traded shares. In addition, it is difficult for us to estimate the time or resources that would be needed for the investigation, settlement, or trial of any such proceedings or charges, and such time or resources could be substantial. 
 
 The cannabis industry is relatively new. 
 
 We are operating in a relatively new industry and in a new market. We not only are subject to general business risks, but we must also build brand awareness in this industry and market share through significant investments in our strategy, production capacity, quality assurance, and compliance with regulations. Research in Canada, the United States and internationally regarding the medical benefits, viability, safety, efficacy, and dosing of cannabis or isolated cannabinoids (such as cannabidiol, or CBD, and tetrahydrocannabinol, or THC remains in early stages. Few clinical trials on the benefits of cannabis or isolated cannabinoids have been conducted. Although we believe that the articles, reports and studies support our beliefs regarding the medical benefits, viability, safety, efficacy, and dosing of cannabis, future research and clinical trials may result in opposing conclusions to statements contained in articles, reports, and studies currently favored or could reach different or negative conclusions regarding the medical benefits, viability, safety, efficacy, dosing, or other facts and perceptions related medical cannabis, which could adversely affect social acceptance of cannabis and/or the demand for our products and dispensary services. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

Accordingly, there is no assurance that the cannabis industry and the market for medicinal and/or adult-use cannabis will continue to exist and grow as currently anticipated or function and evolve in a manner consistent with our expectations and assumptions. Any event or circumstance that adversely affects the cannabis industry, such as the imposition of further restrictions on sales and marketing or further restrictions on sales in certain areas and markets, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 Regulation of cannabis in the United States is uncertain. 
 
 Our activities are subject to regulation by various state and local government authorities. Our business objectives are contingent upon, in part, compliance with regulatory requirements enacted by these governmental authorities and obtaining all regulatory approvals necessary for operation of our production and dispensary facilities and the sale of our products in the jurisdictions in which we operate. Any delays in obtaining or failure to obtain necessary regulatory approvals would significantly delay our development of markets and products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Furthermore, while we believe that our operations are currently carried out in accordance with all applicable state and local rules and regulations, new rules and regulations could be enacted or existing rules and regulations may be applied in a manner that could limit or curtail our ability to distribute or produce cannabis and cannabis products. Amendments to current laws and regulations governing the importation, distribution transportation and/or production of cannabis and cannabis products, or more stringent implementation thereof could have an adverse impact on us. 
 
 The re-classification of cannabis or changes in U.S. controlled substance laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 If cannabis is re-classified as a Schedule II or lower controlled substance under the CSA, the ability to conduct research on the medical benefits of cannabis would most likely be more accessible. However, if cannabis is re-categorized as a Schedule II or lower controlled substance, the resulting re-classification would result in the need for approval by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, if medical claims are made about our medical cannabis products. Moreover, any such reclassification could result in a significant degree of regulation relating to the manufacture, importation, exportation, domestic distribution, storage, sale, and use of such products by the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration, or the DEA. If so, we may be required to be registered to perform these activities and have the security, control, recordkeeping, reporting, and inventory mechanisms required by the DEA to prevent drug loss and diversion. Obtaining the necessary registrations may result in the delay in the manufacturing or distribution of our products. The DEA conducts periodic inspections of registered establishments that handle controlled substances. Failure to maintain compliance could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. The DEA may seek civil penalties, refuse to renew necessary registrations, or initiate proceedings to restrict, suspend, or revoke those registrations. In certain circumstances, violations could lead to criminal proceedings. 
 
 Potential regulation by the DEA could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 If the U.S. federal government legalizes cannabis, it is possible that the FDA would seek to regulate it under the Food, Drug and Cosmetics Act of 1938. Moreover, the FDA may issue rules and regulations, including good manufacturing practices related to the growth, cultivation, harvesting, and processing of medical cannabis. Clinical trials may be needed to verify efficacy and safety of our medical cannabis products. It is also possible that the FDA would require that facilities where medical-use cannabis is grown register with the agency and comply with certain federally prescribed regulations. In the event that some or all of these regulations are imposed, the impact on the cannabis industry is uncertain and could include the imposition of new costs, requirements, and prohibitions. If we are unable to comply with the regulations and/or registration as required by the FDA, it may have an adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 
 As a cannabis business, we are subject to certain tax provisions that have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 Under Section 280E of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, or the IRC, no deduction or credit shall be allowed for any amount paid or incurred during the taxable year in carrying on any trade or business if such trade or business (or the activities that comprise such trade or business) consists of trafficking in controlled substances within the meaning of Schedule I and II of the Controlled Substances Act, which is prohibited by federal law or the law of any state in which such trade or business is conducted, This provision has been applied by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service, or the IRS, to 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 cannabis operations, prohibiting them from deducting expenses directly associated with cannabis businesses. Section 280E may have a lesser impact on cannabis cultivation and manufacturing operations than on sales operations. Section 280E and related IRS enforcement activity has had a significant impact on the operations of cannabis companies. Accordingly, an otherwise profitable business may, in fact, operate at a loss, after taking into account its U.S. income tax expenses. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Current Operations and Our Expansion Plan 
 
 Our future growth is dependent on additional states legalizing cannabis. 
 
 Continued development of the cannabis market and our opportunities to expand into new markets is dependent upon continued legislative authorization of cannabis at the state and local level for medical and adult recreational use of cannabis. Any number of factors could slow or halt the growth of the cannabis market. Additionally, progress, while encouraging, is not assured and the process to authorize the sale of cannabis at the state and local levels normally encounters set-backs before achieving success, if at all. While there may be ample public support for legislative proposal to legalize the sale of cannabis on a state level, key support must be created in the legislative process. Any one of these factors could slow or halt the progress and adoption of cannabis for medical and/or recreational purposes, which would limit the market for our products and negatively impact our ability to expand into new markets. 
 
 Our consolidation plan and growth strategy are subject to regulatory hurdles. 
 
 Our strategy to expand our footprint into additional legal cannabis states through new applications and acquisitions of existing cannabis businesses is subject, in each respective jurisdiction, to the approval of a new license application or license transfer application. Such approvals are subject to numerous delays and uncertainties based upon administrative and legislative changes in what are typically, in light of the recent cannabis legalization status in most jurisdictions, new and untested rules and regulations. There is little interpretative guidance on how states will apply their respective licensing regulations and limited control over when an application will be acted upon. As a result, there is no assurance that our expansion plan will not be frustrated by regulatory delays, and no assurance that any license application or transfer application will be approved. 
 
 We face increasing competition that may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We face competition from companies that may have greater capitalization, access to public equity markets, more experienced management or more maturity as a business. The vast majority of both manufacturing and retail competitors in the cannabis market consists of localized businesses (those doing business in a single state) as well as multistate operators, with which we compete directly. Aside from this direct competition, out-of-state operators that are capitalized well enough to enter markets through acquisitions are also part of the competitive landscape. As we plan to grow our business, operators in future state markets will inevitably become direct competitors. We are likely to continue to face increasing and intense competition from these companies. Moreover, acquisitions and other consolidating transactions could harm us in a number of way, including losing customers, revenue and market share, or forcing us to expend greater resources to meet new or additional competitive threats all of which could harm our operating results. Increased competition by larger and better financed competitors could materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. Such competition could also intensify and place downward pressure on retail prices of our products and services, which could negatively impact our profitability. 
 
 If the number of users of adult-use and medical marijuana in the U.S. increases, the demand for products will increase. As a result, we believe that competition could become more intense as current and future competitors begin to offer an increasing number of diversified products to respond to such increased demand. To remain competitive, we will need to continue to invest in research and development, marketing, sales, and client support. We may not have sufficient resources to maintain sufficient levels of investment in these areas to remain competitive, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

We are subject to limits on our ability to own the licenses necessary to operate our business, which could adversely affect our ability to grow our business and market share in certain states. 
 
 In certain states, the cannabis laws and regulations limit both the number of cannabis licenses issued as well as the number of cannabis licenses that one person or entity may own in that state. Such limitations on the acquisition of ownership of additional licenses within certain states may limit our ability to grow organically or to increase market share in such states. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

We may not be able to obtain or maintain necessary permits and authorizations. 
 
 We may not be able to maintain the necessary licenses, permits, certificates, authorizations, or accreditations to operate our businesses, or may only be able to do so at great cost. Additionally, we may not be able to comply fully with the wide variety of laws and regulations applicable to the cannabis industry. Failure to comply with or to obtain the necessary licenses, permits, certificates, authorizations, or accreditations could result in restrictions on our ability to operate in the cannabis industry, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 We may have difficulty accessing the service of banks, which may make it difficult for us to operate in certain markets. 
 
 As discussed above, the use of cannabis is illegal under U.S. federal law. Therefore, there are banks that will not accept for deposit funds from the sale of cannabis and may choose not to do business with the us. While there is pending legislation in the United States Senate that will allow banks to transact business with state-authorized medical cannabis businesses, there can be no assurance his legislation will be successful, that banks will decide to do business with medical cannabis retailers, or that in the absence of legislation state and federal banking regulators will not create issues on banks handling funds generated from an activity that is illegal under federal law. Notwithstanding, we have been able to secure state-chartered banks that are in compliance with federal law and provide certain banking services to companies in the cannabis industry. Our inability to open accounts in our target market and otherwise use the service of banks may make it difficult for us to operate in those markets. 
 
 We may be subject to constraints on and differences in marketing our products under varying state laws. 
 
 Certain of the states in which we operate have enacted strict regulations regarding marketing and sales activities on cannabis products. There may be restrictions on sales and marketing activities imposed by government regulatory bodies that could hinder the development of our business and operating results. Restrictions may include regulations that specify what, where and to whom product information and descriptions may appear and/or be advertised. Marketing, advertising, packaging, and labeling regulations also vary from state to state, potentially limiting the consistency and scale of consumer branding communication and product education efforts. The regulatory environment in the U.S. limits our ability to compete for market share in a manner similar to other industries. If we are unable to effectively market our products and compete for market share, or if the costs of compliance with government legislation and regulation cannot be absorbed through increased pricing of our products, our sales and operating results could be adversely affected. 
 
 We face risks relating to our products. 
 
 We are committed and expect to continue to commit significant resources and capital to develop and market existing products and new products. These products are relatively untested in the marketplace, and we cannot assure stockholders and investors that we will achieve market acceptance for these products, or other new products that we may offer in the future will gain acceptance. These existing and new products may be subject to significant competition with offerings by new and existing competitors in the industry. The failure to successfully develop, manage, and market new products could seriously harm our business, prospects, revenue, results of operation and financial condition. 
 
 We may be unable to obtain adequate insurance coverage. 
 
 We have insurance coverage with respect to workers compensation, general liability, directors and officers liability, fire and other similar policies customarily obtained for businesses to the extent commercially appropriate. Nevertheless, since we are engaged in and operate within the cannabis industry, there are exclusions and additional difficulties and complexities associated with our insurance coverage that could cause us to suffer uninsured losses, which would then adversely affect our business, results of operations, and profitability. There is no assurance that we will be able to obtain insurance coverage at a reasonable cost or fully utilize such insurance coverage, if necessary. 
 
 It may be difficult to evaluate us based on our past performance because we are transitioning our business into that of an owner of cannabis licenses and an operator of cannabis operations. 
 
 We have been actively engaged in the cannabis industry as an MSO for a relatively short period of time and, accordingly, have only limited financial results on which it can be evaluated. In addition, the components of our revenue and costs are changing as we continue to move away from a fee-based-only business to a multi-state seed-to-sale operation. We are subject to, and must be successful in addressing, the risks typically encountered by companies operating in the rapidly 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 evolving cannabis marketplace, including those risks relating to: 
 the failure to develop brand name recognition and reputation; 
 the failure to achieve market acceptance of our products; 
 a slowdown in general consumer acceptance of legalized cannabis; and 
 an inability to grow and adapt our business to evolving consumer demand. 
 
 Our medical marijuana business may be impacted by consumer perception of the cannabis industry, which we cannot control or predict. 
 
 We believe that the medical marijuana industry is highly dependent upon consumer perception regarding the safety, efficacy, and quality of medical marijuana distributed to those consumers. Consumer perception of our products may be significantly influenced by scientific research or findings, regulatory investigations, litigation, media, and other publicity regarding the consumption of medical marijuana products. There can be no assurance that future scientific research, findings, regulatory proceedings, litigation, media attention or other research or publicity will be favorable to the medical marijuana market or any particular product, or consistent with earlier publicity. Future research reports, findings, regulatory proceedings, litigation, media attention or other publicity that perceived as less favorable than, or that question, earlier research reports, findings, or publicity could have a material adverse effect on the demand for our products and our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 We face inherent risks of product liability claims if anyone is harmed by the use of our products. 
 
 Our products are designed to be ingested by humans and are produced for sale directly to end consumers. As a result, we face an inherent risk of exposure to product liability claims, regulatory action and litigation if the products are alleged to have caused or cause any significant loss or injury. In addition, the production and sale of our products involve risk of injury to end users due to tampering by unauthorized third parties or product contamination. Previously unknown adverse reactions resulting from human or animal consumption of our products alone or in combination with other medications or substances could occur. We may be subject to various product liability claims, including, among others, that our products cause injury or illness, include inadequate instructions for use, or include inadequate warnings concerning possible side effects or interactions with other substances. While we have product liability insurance coverage and works with third party providers to ensure they do as well, a product liability claim or regulatory action against us, whether or not successful, could result in materially increases costs, adversely affect our reputation with our clients and consumers generally, and/or exceed our insurance coverage. Any of these scenarios could have a material adverse effect on our business and operational results. 
 
 Product recalls could result in a material and adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 Manufacturers and distributors of products are sometimes subject to the recall or return of their products for a variety of reasons, including product defects, such as contamination, unintended harmful side effects or interactions with other substances, packaging safety, and inadequate or inaccurate labelling disclosure. If any of our products are recalled due to an alleged product defect or for any other reason, we could be required to incur the unexpected expense of the recall and any legal proceedings that might arise in connection with the recall. We may lose a significant number of sales and we may not be able to replace those sales at an acceptable margin or at all. Additionally, a product recall may require significant management attention. Although we comply with all state mandated requirements for the testing of our products, there can be no assurance that any quality, potency or contamination problems will be detected in time to avoid unforeseen product recalls, regulatory action, or lawsuits. Moreover, if one of our top brands was subject to a recall, the image of such brand and that of our company generally could be harmed. Any recall could lead to decreased demand for our products and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Product recalls may also lead to increased scrutiny of our operations by regulatory agencies, which would then require further management attention and potential legal fees and other expenses. 
 
 We are subject to risks related to growing an agricultural product. 
 
 Our business involves the growing of cannabis, an agricultural product. Such business is subject to the risks inherent in the agricultural business, such as loss due to infestation by insects, plant diseases, or similar agricultural risks. While all of our cannabis plants are grown indoors, there can be no assurance that natural elements will not have a material adverse effect on our future production. 
 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Our business is subject to compliance with environmental regulations, which can be onerous and costly. 
 
 Our operations are subject to environmental regulation in the various jurisdictions in which it operates. These regulations mandate, among other things, the maintenance of air and water quality standards and land reclamation, and also set forth limitations on the generation, transportation, storage and disposal of solid and hazardous waste. Environmental legislation is evolving in a manner which will require stricter standards and enforcement, increased fines and penalties for non-compliance, more stringent environmental assessments of proposed projects, and a heightened degree of responsibility for affected companies and their officers, directors and employees. There is no assurance that future changes in environmental regulation, if any, will not adversely affect our operations. 
 
 In the event we require additional financing and access to capital, the covenants and restrictions in our existing debt agreement may limit our options. 
 
 Our ability to raise additional capital and finance our expansion plan will be subject to contractual restrictions in instruments governing our indebtedness, including the Loan and Security Agreement between us, our subsidiaries, lenders from time-to-time party thereto, and Chicago Atlantic Admin, LLC, dated January 24, 2023. The contractual restrictions in the instrument governing such loan include restrictive covenants that limit our discretion with respect to certain business matters. These covenants place restrictions on, among other things, our ability to create liens or other encumbrances, to pay distributions, or to make certain other payments, and to sell or otherwise dispose of certain assets. A failure to comply with such obligations could result in a default, which, if not cured or waived, could permit acceleration of the relevant indebtedness. These restrictions could impair our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, or acquisitions; and all or part of our cash flow from operations may be dedicated to the payment of the principal of, and interest on, our indebtedness, thereby reducing funds available for operations. These factors may adversely affect our cash flow. If we are unable to satisfy our debt obligations due to insufficient cash flow or if we cannot refinance our indebtedness on commercially reasonable terms or at all, then our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 Anti-Money Laundering Laws in the U.S. may limit access to funds from banks and other financial institutions. 
 
 In February 2014, the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, or FinCEN, bureau of the U.S. Treasury Department issued guidance, which is not law, with respect to financial institutions providing banking services to cannabis businesses, including burdensome due diligence expectations and reporting requirements. While the guidance advised prosecutors not to focus their enforcement efforts on banks or other financial institutions that serve marijuana-related businesses, so long as they meet certain conditions, this guidance does not provide any safe harbors or legal defenses from examination or regulatory or criminal enforcement actions by the U.S. Department of Justice, or the DOJ, FinCEN, or other federal regulators. As a result of this guidance and the fact that such guidance may be amended or revoked at any time, most banks and other financial institutions have not been willing to provide banking services to cannabis-related businesses. Additionally, banks may refuse to process debit card payments and credit card companies generally refuse to process credit card payments for cannabis-related businesses. Accordingly, we may have only limited access to banking or other financial services in the U.S. and may have to rely solely upon state-chartered banks. If we are unable or limited in our ability to open or maintain bank accounts, obtain other banking services, or accept credit card and debit card payments, it may be difficult for us to operate and conduct our business as planned. While we are actively pursuing alternatives that ensure our operations will continue to be compliant with the FinCEN guidance, including requirements related to disclosures about cash management and U.S. federal tax reporting, we may not be able to meet all applicable requirements. 
 
 We are highly dependent upon certain key personnel. 
 
 The success of the Company s business is currently dependent, in large part, on key managerial personnel, including Messrs. Jon R. Levine and Timothy Shaw, the Company s chief executive officer and chief operating officer, respectively. Moreover, our anticipated growth may require additional expertise and the addition of new qualified personnel. Qualified individuals within the cannabis industry are in high demand and we may incur significant costs to attract and retain qualified managerial personnel, or be unable to attract or retain personnel necessary to operate or expand our business. The loss of the services of existing personnel or our failure to recruit additional key managerial personnel in a timely manner, or at all, could have a material adverse effect on our business and our ability to manage day-to-day operations, attract collaboration partners, attract and retain other employees, and generate revenues. Any inability to attract and retain qualified management and other key personnel could have a material adverse effect on the Company s ability to grow its business and operations. 
 
 Our business is subject to potential risks related to, and arising from, acquiring companies or technologies. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

Our success will depend, in part, on our ability to grow our business in response to the demands of consumers and other constituents within the cannabis industry as well as competitive pressures. In some circumstances, we may determine to do so through the acquisition of complementary businesses rather than through internal development. The identification of suitable acquisition candidates can be difficult, time-consuming, and costly, and we may not be able to successfully complete identified acquisitions. In addition, we may not realize the expected benefits from completed acquisitions. 
 
 The risks we face in connection with acquisitions include: 
 
 Diversion of management time and focus from operating our business to addressing acquisition integration challenges; Coordination of research and development and sales and marketing functions; 
 Retention of employees from the acquired company; 
 Cultural challenges associated with integrating employees from the acquired company into our organization; 
 Integration of the acquired company s accounting, management information, human resources, and other administrative systems; 
 The need to implement or improve controls, procedures, and policies at a business that prior to the acquisition may have lacked effective controls, procedures, and policies; 
 Potential write-offs of intangible assets or other assets acquired in transactions that may have an adverse effect on our operating results in a given period; 
 Liability for activities of the acquired company before the acquisition, including patent and trademark infringement claims, violations of laws, commercial disputes, tax liabilities, and other known and unknown liabilities; and 
 Litigation or other claims in connection with the acquired company, including claims from terminated employees, consumers, former stockholders, or other third parties. 
 
 Our failure to address these risks or other problems encountered in connection with any future acquisitions or investments could cause us to fail to realize the anticipated benefits of these acquisitions or investments, cause us to incur unanticipated liabilities, and harm our business generally. Future acquisitions could also result in the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities, amortization expenses, or the impairment of goodwill, any of which could harm our financial condition. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Common Stock 
 
 The market for our common stock may be limited for holders of our securities who live in the U.S. 
 
 Given the heightened risk profile associated with cannabis in the U.S., capital market participants may be unwilling to assist with the settlement of trades for U.S. resident securityholders of companies with operations in the U.S. cannabis industry, which may prohibit or significantly impair the ability of securityholders in the U.S. to trade our securities. In the event residents of the U.S. are unable to settle trades of our securities, this may affect the pricing of such securities in the market, the transparency and availability of trading prices and the liquidity of these securities. 
 
 Possible issuances of our capital stock would cause dilution to our existing stockholders. 
 
 At December 31, 2022 we had 341.5 million shares of common stock outstanding and are authorized to issue up to 700 million shares. Therefore, we are still authorized to issue a substantial number of additional shares of common stock without obtaining shareholder approval. In addition, we currently have outstanding 4.9 million shares of Series B preferred stock (which convert on a one-for-one basis into shares of our common stock) and 6.2 million shares of Series C preferred stock (which convert on a five-for-one basis into shares of our common stock). Our Board of Directors is authorized to issue up to a total of 50 million shares of preferred stock (including the previously issued shares) with terms it designates without any further shareholder approval. In the event we elect to issue additional shares of common stock in connection with any financing, acquisition or otherwise or issue additional shares of preferred stock, current stockholders could find their holdings substantially diluted, which means they would own a smaller percentage of our company. 
 
 The exercise or conversion of outstanding warrants and options into common stock will dilute the percentage ownership of our other stockholders. Additionally, the sale of such common stock or other common stock in the open market could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, there were potentially dilutive securities convertible into shares of common stock comprised of stock options convertible into 36,504,673 shares of common stock; warrants convertible into 22,855,540 shares of common stock; shares of Series B preferred stock convertible into 4,908,333 shares of common stock; shares of Series C preferred 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 stock convertible into 31,081,080 shares of common stock; and restricted stock units convertible into 1,599,999 shares of common stock. Additional convertible securities will likely be granted to our officers, directors, employees, or consultants as part of their compensation and such convertible securities will likely be issued in connection with financings. The exercise of outstanding stock options and warrants and the conversion of our notes and debentures will dilute the percentage ownership of our other stockholders. Sales, or the expectation of sales, of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the private or public markets could adversely affect the prevailing market price of our common stock. 
 
 The market price of our common stock has been historically volatile and could continue to be volatile. 
 
 The market price of our common stock could be subject to significant fluctuations. Some of the factors that may cause the market price of the common stock to fluctuate include: 
 
 the public s reaction to our press releases, announcements and filings with regulatory authorities and those of our competitors; 
 fluctuations in broader stock market prices and volumes; 
 changes in market valuations of similar companies; 
 investor perception of us, our prospects or the cannabis industry in general; 
 additions or departures of key personnel; 
 commencement of, or involvement, in litigation; 
 changes in the regulatory landscape applicable to us, any dietary supplements, and/or the cannabis and hemp industries; 
 media reports, publications or public statements relating to, or public perceptions of, the regulatory landscape applicable to us, the cannabis and/or the hemp industries, whether accurate or not; 
 announcements by us or our competitors of strategic alliances, significant contracts, new technologies, acquisitions, commercial relationships, joint ventures or capital commitments; 
 variations in our quarterly results of operations or cash flows or those of other comparable companies; 
 revenues and operating results failing to meet the expectations of securities analysts or investors in a particular period; 
 changes in our pricing policies or the pricing policies of our competitors; 
 future issuances and sales of our common stock; 
 sales of our common stock by members of our Board of Directors or members of our management team; 
 third party disclosure of significant short positions; 
 demand for and trading volume of our common stock; 
 changes in securities analysts recommendations and their estimates of our financial performance; 
 short-term fluctuation in stock price caused by changes in general conditions in the domestic and worldwide economies or financial markets; and 
 the other risk factors described in this section or other sections of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 The realization of any of these risks and other factors beyond our control could cause the market price of our common stock to decline significantly. 
 
 In addition, broad market and industry factors may harm the market price of our common stock. Accordingly, the price of the common stock could fluctuate based upon factors that have little or nothing to do with us, and these fluctuations could materially reduce the price of our common stock, regardless of our operating performance. In the past, following a significant decline in the market price of a company s securities, there have been instances of securities class action litigation having been instituted against that company. If we were involved in any similar litigation, it could incur substantial costs and significant efforts of our management could be diverted, which in turn could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 
 We are an emerging growth company and will be able to take advantage of reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies, which could make our common stock less attractive to investors. 
 
 We are an emerging growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act and, for as long as we continue to be an emerging growth company, we intend to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements applicable to other public companies, but not to emerging growth companies, including but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 payments not previously approved. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, or until the earliest of (a) the last day of the first fiscal year in which our annual gross revenues exceed 1.07 billion; (b) the date that we become a large accelerated filer as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act, which would occur if the market value of our common stock that are held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter; or (c) the date on which we have issued more than 1 billion in non-convertible debt during the preceding fiscal year period. We expect to take advantage of these reporting exemptions described above until we are no longer an emerging growth company. Under the JOBS Act, emerging growth companies can also delay adopting new or revised accounting standards until such time as those standards apply to private companies. 
 
 We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive if we choose to rely on these exemptions. If some investors find that our common stock is less attractive as a result of any choices to reduce future disclosures, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and the price of our stock may be more volatile. 
 
 Our internal controls over financial reporting may not be effective, and our independent auditors may not be able to certify as to their effectiveness, which could have a significant and adverse effect on our business. 
 
 We are subject to various SEC reporting and other regulatory requirements. We have incurred, and will continue to incur, expenses and, to a lesser extent, diversion of management of our management s time in our effects to comply with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 regarding internal control over financial reporting. Effective internal controls over financial reporting are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and, together with adequate disclosure controls and procedures, are designed to prevent fraud. Any failure to implement required new or improved controls, or difficulties encountered in their implementation could cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. In addition, any testing by us conducted in connection with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the subsequent testing by our independent registered public accounting firm when required, may reveal deficiencies in our internal controls over financial reporting that are deemed to be material weaknesses or that may require prospective or retrospective changes to our consolidated financial statements or identify other areas for further attention or improvement. Inferior internal controls could cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our common stock. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 None. 

Item 2. Properties 
 
 The Company currently owns and leases the following properties throughout the United States. 
 
 Wilmington, Delaware 
 
 The Company owns a 45,070 square foot facility on 2.25 acres within a fenced-in business park, which it purchased in September 2016 and developed into a cannabis cultivation, processing, and dispensary facility. The property is secured under a mortgage with the Bank of New England that matures in 2031. The facility is leased to the Company s Delaware cannabis-licensed client under a 20-year lease expiring in 2035. 
 
 The Company also leases a 12,000 square foot cannabis production facility with offices which is subleased to its Delaware cannabis-licensed client. The sublease expires in January 2026 and contains an option to negotiate an extension at the end of the lease term. 
 
 Lewes, Delaware 
 
 The Company leases 4,000 square feet of retail space in a multi-use building. This lease commenced in October 2016, and in 2021 the term was extended through April 2027. The Company built out the space into a cannabis dispensary, which is subleased under a coterminous sublease to its Delaware cannabis-licensed client. 
 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Milford, Delaware 
 
 The Company leases a 100,000 square foot warehouse which it developed into a 60,000 square foot cultivation facility, with plans to develop the remaining square footage into a processing facility. The lease term expires in March 2030, with an option to extend the term for three additional five-year periods. Construction of the processing facility was completed in February 2022. The entire premises is subleased under a coterminous sublease to the Company s Delaware cannabis-licensed client. 
 
 Anna, Illinois 
 
 The Company owns and operates a 3,400 square foot free-standing cannabis dispensary that is secured under a mortgage with DuQuoin State Bank maturing in May 2023, provided it is not annually renewed by the bank, which the bank has done every year since inception of this mortgage (the DSQ Mortgage ). 
 
 Harrisburg, Illinois 
 
 The Company owns and operates a 3,400 square foot free-standing cannabis dispensary, also secured under the DSQ Mortgage. 
 
 Mt. Vernon, Illinois 
 
 The Company owns and operates a 4,800 square foot free-standing cannabis dispensary that is secured under a mortgage with South Porte Bank that matures in June 2023. 
 
 The Company also owns and operates a 32,960 square foot grown and production facility. The premises are secured under a mortgage with DuQuoin State Bank that matures in 2042. 
 
 Metropolis, Illinois 
 
 In late 2020, the Company entered into a lease agreement for a 14,000 square foot free-standing retail building. The Company developed the premises into a state-approved adult-use cannabis dispensary in early 2021, and commenced selling operations in May 2021. The premises were purchased by the Company in July 2021, which property was secured under a second mortgage with DuQuoin State Bank that matures in July 2041. 
 
 Hagerstown, Maryland 
 
 The Company owns a 180,000 square foot manufacturing facility that was developed into cannabis cultivation and production facility. 
 
 The Company also leases a 2,700 square foot two-unit apartment that it uses for office space, which expires in July 2023. 
 
 Annapolis, Maryland 
 
 The Company owns a free-standing 9,000 square foot industrial building which was developed into a medical cannabis dispensary that opened in October 2022. 
 
 Tiffin, Ohio 
 
 The Company leases a 4,700 square foot building which it intends to open as a dispensary, in 2023. The lease expires in 2033. 
 
 New Bedford, Massachusetts 
 
 The Company owns 138,000 square foot industrial property located on approximately 22 acres within the New Bedford Industrial Park. The property is secured by a mortgage with the Bank of New England that matures in 2027. The Company developed approximately half of the property into a cannabis cultivation and processing facility in which it conducts wholesale operations. The remaining portion of the property was leased to a non-cannabis manufacturing company through February 2023, and the tenant is currently leasing the space on a month-to-month basis, and the 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 Company is hopeful that such tenant will depart by the end of 2023. The Company intends to expand its cannabis wholesale operations to include the entire property once the tenant vacates the premises. 
 
 Middleborough, Massachusetts 
 
 The Company owns and operates a 22,700 square foot retail and warehouse building located in a high-traffic area of this municipality. 10,000 square feet of the building has been developed into a retail dispensary, with the remaining square footage used as a warehouse. 
 
 Norwood, Massachusetts 
 
 The Company s corporate offices are located in Norwood, Massachusetts. This 10,000 square foot space is under a 10-year lease with a related party that expires in 2028 and includes a 5-year extension option. 
 
 Beverly, Massachusetts 
 
 The Company assumed the lease for a 2,700 square foot dispensary in connection with an asset purchase in December 2022. The lease expires in 2026, with an option to extend the term for three additional five-year periods through 2041. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 Bankruptcy Claim 
 
 During 2019, the Company s MMH subsidiary sold and delivered hemp seed inventory to OGG, Inc. (f/k/a GenCanna Global Inc.), a Kentucky-based cultivator, producer, and distributor of hemp GenCanna ). At the time of sale, the Company owned a 33.5 ownership interest in GenCanna. The Company recorded a related party receivable of approximately 29 million from the sale, which was fully reserved at December 31, 2019. 
 
 On January 24, 2020, an involuntary bankruptcy proceeding under Chapter 11 was filed against GenCanna and its wholly-owned subsidiary, OGGUSA Inc. (f/k/a GenCanna Global US, Inc.) ("OGGUSA" and together with GenCanna, the "OGGUSA Debtors") in the U.S. Bankruptcy Court in the Eastern District of Kentucky (the "Bankruptcy Court"). In February 2020, the OGGUSA Debtors, under pressure from certain of its creditors including its senior lender MGG Investment Group LP (MGG"), agreed to convert the involuntary bankruptcy proceeding into a voluntary Chapter 11 proceeding. The OGGUSA Debtors' subsidiary, Hemp Kentucky LLC, also filed voluntary petitions under Chapter 11 in the Bankruptcy Court. 
 
 In May 2020, after an abbreviated solicitation/bid/sale process, the Bankruptcy Court, over numerous objections by creditors and shareholders of the OGGUSA Debtors, which included the Company, entered an order authorizing the sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the OGGUSA Debtors to MGG. After the consummation of the sale of all or substantially all of their assets and business, the OGGUSA Debtors filed their liquidating plan of reorganization (the Liquidating Plan to collect various prepetition payments and commercial claims against third parties, liquidate the remaining assets of the OGGUSA Debtors, and make payments to creditors. The Liquidating Plan was confirmed by the Bankruptcy Court on November 12, 2020. 
 
 Since the approval of the Liquidating Plan, the OGGUSA Debtors have been in the process of liquidating the remaining assets, negotiating and prosecuting objections to other creditors claims, and pursuing the collection of accounts receivable and Chapter 5 bankruptcy avoidance claims. 
 
 In January 2022, the Company, at the request of Oxford Restructuring Advisors LLC, the administrator of the Liquidating Plan for the OGGUSA Debtors (the "Plan Administrator"), executed a written release of claims, if any, of the Company against Huron Consulting Group Huron ), a financial consulting and management company retained by the senior lender of the OGGUSA Debtors to perform loan management services for the lender and OGGUSA Debtors prior to and during their Chapter 11 bankruptcy cases. Such release was executed in connection with a comprehensive settlement agreement between the OGGUSA Debtors and Huron. In consideration for the Company s execution of the release, Huron paid an additional 40,000 to the bankruptcy estates of the OGGUSA Debtors to be included in the funds to be distributed to creditors, including the Company. 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 In connection with the discussions of the Company with the OGGUSA Debtors relating to the Huron settlement, the Plan Administrator raised issues relating to a potential claim against MariMed Hemp, Inc. ("MHI") for certain preferential transfers of assets, which were valued at 250,000 by the Plan Administrator, of the OGGUSA Debtors alleged to have been made to MHI in payment of a 600,000 loan made by the Company prior to the Chapter 11 bankruptcy of the OGGUSA Debtors (the "Preferential Claim"). On April 20, 2022, the Plan Administrator filed its Complaint to Avoid and Recover Transfers Pursuant to 11 U.S.C. 547 and 550 and to Disallow Claims Pursuant to 11 U.S.C. 502 (the "Complaint"), asserting the Preferential Claim seeking the recovery of an amount no less than 200,000 and to disallow the MHI claim until such time as such preferential transfer has been repaid to the OGGUSA Debtors. On August 1, 2022, an answer to the Complaint was filed, asserting counterclaims and third-party claims against OGGUSA, the Plan Administrator, and Huron for declaratory judgment (the "Related Claims") in relation to terms of the Plan of Reorganization (the "Plan") and the allowance of the MHI claim under the Plan. 
 
 The Company has and continues to vigorously deny that any of the Preferential Claim exists in that such claims were waived and released in connection with the Company's settlement agreement and stipulations for its support of and voting for the Plan. As such, the Company believes that such claims are meritless and have no basis in fact or law. 
 
 As of the date of this filing, there is insufficient information as to how much of the Company's allowed general unsecured claim, if any, will be paid upon the completion of the liquidation of the remaining assets of the OGGUSA Debtors. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Our common stock currently trades on both the OTCQX market and on the Canadian Securities Exchange under the MRMD ticker symbol. Any over-the-counter market quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 
 
 Stockholders 
 
 As of February 28, 2023, we had approximately 733 stockholders of record. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 We have never declared or paid a dividend on its common stock, and we do not anticipate paying cash or other dividends in the foreseeable future. 
 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 
 During the three months ended December 31, 2022, we issued the following unregistered securities: 
 
 2,000,000 shares of restricted common stock as purchase consideration for an asset purchase with an aggregate fair value of approximately 712,000; 
 109,487 shares of restricted common stock issued as payment under a royalty agreement with an aggregate fair market value of approximately 59,000; 
 5,569 shares of restricted common stock to an employee with a grant date fair value of approximately 2,500; and 
 82,337 shares of restricted common stock issued in a cashless warrant exercise; such warrants had an exercise price of 0.504. We withheld 813,694 shares underlying such warrants to cover the aggregate exercise price of approximately 46,000. 
 
 The issuance of the shares of common stock described above were deemed to be exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, in reliance upon Sections 4(a)(2) and/or 4(a)(5) of the Securities Act. A legend restricting the sale, transfer, or other disposition of these securities other than in compliance with the Securities Act was placed on the securities issued in the foregoing transactions. 

Item 6. Reserved 
 
 [Reserved] 

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 Forward Looking Statements 
 
 When used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in future filings by the Company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, words or phrases such as anticipate, believe, could, would, should, estimate, expect, intend, may, plan, predict, project, will or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any such forward looking statements, each of which speak only as of the date made. Such statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical earnings and those presently anticipated or projected. The Company has no obligation to publicly release the result of any revisions which may be made to any forward-looking statements to reflect anticipated or unanticipated events or circumstances occurring after the date of such statements. 
 
 These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to be materially different. These factors include, but are not limited to, changes that may occur to general economic and business conditions; changes in current pricing levels that the Company can charge for its services and products or 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 which it pays to its suppliers and business partners; changes in political, social and economic conditions in the jurisdictions in which the Company operates; changes to regulations that pertain to its operations; changes in technology that render the Company s technology relatively inferior, obsolete or more expensive compared to others; changes in the business prospects of the Company s business partners and customers; increased competition, including from the Company s business partners; and enforcement of U.S. federal cannabis-related laws. 
 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and related notes which are included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K under Item 8. 
 
 The Company does not undertake to update its forward-looking statements or risk factors to reflect future events or circumstances, unless required by law. 

Overview 
 
 We are a multi-state operator in the United States cannabis industry. We develop, operate, manage, and optimize state-of-the-art, regulatory-compliant facilities for the cultivation, production, and dispensing of medicinal and adult-use cannabis. We also license our proprietary brands of cannabis products, along with other top brands, in several domestic markets. 
 
 Our common stock trades on both the OCTQX and on the Canadian Securities Exchange under the ticker symbol MRMD. 
 
 On April 27, 2022 (the Kind Acquisition Date ), we acquired Kind Therapeutics USA Kind ), our former client in Maryland that holds licenses for the cultivation, production, and dispensing of medical cannabis (the Kind Acquisition ). The financial results of Kind are included in our consolidated financial statements for the periods subsequent to the Kind Acquisition Date. 
 
 On May 5, 2022, we completed the acquisition of 100 of the equity ownership of Green Growth Group Inc. Green Growth ), an entity that holds a craft cultivation and production cannabis license in the State of Illinois (the Green Growth Acquisition ). 
 
 On December 30, 2022, we completed an asset purchase under which we acquired the cannabis license and assumed the property lease associated with a cannabis dispensary in Beverly, Massachusetts by Greenhouse Naturals LLC that had never been operational. 
 
 During 2023, we are focused on continuing to execute our strategic growth plan, with priority on activities described below: 
 
 Continuing to consolidate the cannabis businesses that we have developed and managed. 
 Expanding revenues, assets, and our footprint in the states in which we operate. 
 Expanding into other legal states through mergers and acquisitions and by filing new applications in states where new licensing opportunities become available. 
 Increasing revenues by producing and distributing our award-winning brands to qualified strategic partners or by acquiring production and distribution licenses. 
 In Massachusetts, we intend to open two additional dispensaries, including the dispensary in Beverly, Massachusetts discussed above, and, as recently announced, a dispensary in Quincy, Massachusetts. We also intend to significantly expand the capacity and capability of our manufacturing facility in New Bedford, MA. 
 In Delaware, we developed an additional 40,000 square feet of cultivation and production capacity at our facility in Milford, which, upon completion, was leased to our client in this state. 
 In Maryland, we opened a dispensary in Annapolis in October 2022, and we intend to expand our manufacturing facility by 40,000 square feet. Under current Maryland cannabis laws, we have the potential to add three additional medical dispensaries, for a total of four. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 In Illinois, in May 2022, we closed on the acquisition of a craft cannabis license, which will enable us to be vertically integrated and add cultivation, manufacturing, and distribution to our four existing retail cannabis operations in Illinois. Under Illinois cannabis laws, we have the potential to add five additional dispensaries, for a total of ten. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 Management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based upon our condensed consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP ). The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. We base our estimates and judgments on historical experience, knowledge of current conditions and beliefs of what could occur in the future given available information. If actual results differ significantly from management s estimates and projections, there could be a material effect on our condensed consolidated financial statements. We consider the following accounting policies to be both those most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and those that require the most subjective judgment: accounts receivable; valuation of inventory; estimated useful lives and depreciation and amortization of property and equipment and intangible assets; accounting for acquisitions and business combinations; loss contingencies and reserves; stock-based compensation; and accounting for income taxes. 
 
 Accounts Receivable 
 
 We provide credit to our clients in the form of payment terms. We limit our credit risk by performing credit evaluations of our clients and maintaining a reserve, as applicable, for potential credit losses. Such evaluations are judgmental in nature and include a review of the client s outstanding balances with consideration toward such client s historical collection experience, as well as prevailing economic and market conditions and other factors. Accordingly, the actual amounts collected could differ from expected amounts and require that we record additional reserves. 
 
 Inventory 
 
 Our inventory is valued at the lower of cost or market, including consideration of factors such as shrinkage, the aging of and future demand for inventory, expected future selling price, what we expect to realize by selling the inventory and the contractual arrangements with customers. Reserves for excess and obsolete inventory are based upon quantities on hand, projected volumes from demand forecasts, and net realizable value. These estimates are judgmental in nature and are made at a point in time, using available information, expected business plans and expected market conditions. As a result, the actual amount received on sale could differ from the estimated value of inventory. Periodic reviews are performed on the inventory balance. The impact of any changes in inventory reserves is reflected in cost of goods sold. 
 
 Estimated Useful Lives and Depreciation and Amortization of Property, Equipment, and Intangible Assets 
 
 Depreciation and amortization of property, equipment, and intangible assets are dependent upon estimates of useful lives, which are determined through the exercise of judgment. The assessment of any impairment of these assets is dependent upon estimates of recoverable amounts that take into account factors such as economic and market conditions and the useful lives of assets. 
 
 Business Combinations and Asset Purchases 
 
 Classification of an acquisition as a business combination or an asset acquisition depends on whether the assets acquired constitute a business, which can be a complex judgment. Whether an acquisition is classified as a business combination or asset acquisition can have a significant impact on how we record the transaction. 
 
 We allocate the purchase price of acquired assets and companies to identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their acquisition date fair values. Goodwill as of the acquisition date is measured as the excess of consideration transferred over the net amount of the acquisition date fair values of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed and represents the expected future economic benefits from other assets acquired in the acquisition or business combination that are not individually identified and separately recognized. Significant judgments and assumptions are required in determining the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, particularly acquired intangible assets, which are principally based upon estimates of the future performance and cash flows expected from the acquired asset or business and applied discount rates. While we use our best estimates and assumptions as part of the purchase price allocation process to accurately value 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date, our estimates and assumptions are inherently uncertain and subject to refinement. If different assumptions are used, it could materially impact the purchase price allocation and our financial position and results of operations. Any adjustments to assets acquired or liabilities assumed subsequent to the purchase price allocation period are included in operating results in the period in which the adjustments are determined. Intangible assets typically are comprised of trademarks and trade names, licenses and customer relationships, and non-compete agreements. 
 
 Loss Contingencies and Reserves 
 
 We are subject to ongoing business risks arising in the ordinary course of business that affect the estimation process of the carrying value of assets, the recording liabilities, and the possibility of various loss contingencies. An estimated loss contingency is accrued when it is probable that a liability has been incurred or an asset has been impaired and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. We regularly evaluate current information available to determine whether such amounts should be adjusted and record changes in estimates in the period they become known. We are subject to legal claims from time to time. We reserve for legal contingencies and legal fees when the amounts are probable and estimable. 
 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 
 Our stock-based compensation cost is measured at the grant date based on the fair value of the award and is recognized over the requisite service period, which is generally the vesting period. We use the Black-Scholes valuation model for estimating the fair value of stock options as of the date of grant. Determining the fair value of stock option awards at the grant date requires judgment regarding certain valuation assumptions, including the volatility of our stock price, expected term of the stock option, risk-free interest rate and expected dividends. Changes in such assumptions and estimates could result in different fair values and could therefore impact our earnings. Such changes, however, would not impact our cash flows. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 We use the asset and liability method to account for income taxes. Under this method, deferred income tax assets and liabilities are recorded for the future tax consequences of differences between the tax basis and financial reporting basis of assets and liabilities, measured using enacted tax rates and laws that will be in effect when the differences are expected to reverse. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance to the extent our management concludes that it is more likely than not that the assets will not be realized. To assess the recoverability of any tax assets recorded on the balance sheet, we consider all available positive and negative evidence, including our past operating results, the existence of cumulative income in the most recent years, changes in the business in which we operate and our forecast of future taxable income. In determining future taxable income, we make assumptions, including the amount of state and federal pre-tax operating income, the reversal of temporary differences and the implementation of feasible and prudent tax strategies. These assumptions require significant judgment about the forecasts of future taxable income and are consistent with the plans and estimates we are using to manage our businesses. 

Results of Operations 
 
 Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 Revenue 
 
 Our main sources of revenue are comprised of the following: 
 
 Product sales (retail and wholesale) - direct sales of cannabis and cannabis-infused products primarily by our retail dispensaries and wholesale operations in Massachusetts, Illinois, and, as of the Kind Acquisition Date, Maryland. We recognize this revenue when products are delivered or at retail points-of-sale. 
 Real estate rental income - rental income generated from the leasing of our state-of-the-art, regulatory compliant cannabis facilities to our cannabis-licensed clients. Rental income is generally a fixed amount per month that escalates over the respective lease terms. Prior to the third quarter of 2022, we charged additional rental fees based on a percentage of tenant revenues that exceeded specified amounts; these incremental rental fees were eliminated in connection with new contract negotiations with our client. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 Supply procurement - resale of cultivation and production resources, supplies and equipment that we have acquired from top national vendors at discounted prices to our clients and third parties within the cannabis industry. We recognize this revenue after the delivery and acceptance of goods by the purchaser. 
 Management fees - fees for providing our cannabis-licensed clients with comprehensive oversight of their cannabis cultivation, production and dispensary operations. Prior to the third quarter of 2022, these fees were based on a percentage of such clients' revenue and were recognized after services have been performed; these fees were eliminated in connection with new contract negotiations with our client. 
 Licensing fees - revenue from the licensing of our branded products, including Betty's Eddies, Bubby's Baked, Vibations, and Kalm Fusion, to wholesalers and regulated dispensaries throughout the United States and Puerto Rico. We recognize this revenue when the products are sold to the end customer. 
 
 Our revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was comprised of the following (in thousands, except percentages): 
 
 Year ended December 31, Increase (decrease) from prior year 2022 2021 Product revenue: Product sales - retail 92,836 82,127 10,709 13.0 Product sales - wholesale 32,865 26,119 6,746 25.8 Total product revenue 125,701 108,246 17,455 16.1 Other revenue: Real estate rentals 3,526 6,548 (3,022) (46.2) Supply procurement 3,353 2,108 1,245 59.1 Management fees 848 3,079 (2,231) (72.5) Licensing fees 582 1,483 (901) (60.8) Total other revenue 8,309 13,218 (4,909) (37.1) Total revenue 134,010 121,464 12,546 10.3 

Our total revenue increased 12.5 million, or 10.3 , in the year ended December 31, 2022 ("2022") compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 ("2021"). Our total product revenue increased 17.5 million, or 16.1 , primarily attributable to higher retail sales in our Metropolis, IL dispensary, which we opened in the second quarter of 2021, and higher wholesale revenue due to the Kind Acquisition. This increase was partially offset by lower retail sales in Massachusetts due to increased competition. 
 
 The decrease in our other revenue was primarily attributable to rent and management fee reductions in connection with one of our cannabis-licensed clients, and the Kind Acquisition, after which we no longer recognized rental, management fees and related revenue. These decreases were partially offset by higher supply procurement revenue primarily attributable to revenue generated from our cannabis-licensed client in Delaware. 

Cost of Revenue, Gross Profit and Gross Margin 
 
 Our cost of revenue represents the direct costs associated with the generation of our revenue, including licensing, packaging, supply procurement, manufacturing, supplies, depreciation, amortization of acquired intangible assets, and other product-related costs. 
 
 Our cost of revenue, gross profit and gross margin for 2022 and 2021 were as follows (in thousands, except percentages): 
 Year ended December 31, Increase (decrease) from prior year 2022 2021 Cost of revenue 70,053 55,201 14,852 26.9 Gross profit 63,957 66,263 (2,306) (3.5) Gross margin 47.7 54.6 
 23 

Table of Contents 

Our cost of revenue increased in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily attributable to higher manufacturing and employee-related costs and, to a lesser extent, higher supply procurement and facility-related expenses. These increases aggregated approximately 17 million, and were primarily due to our increased headcount in connection with our recent acquisitions and in-process expansions. We have negotiated with certain of our suppliers to reduce our costs for future purchases of ingredients, nutrients and packaging, all of which have increased significantly as a result of current economic conditions. 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 
 Our operating expenses are comprised of personnel, marketing and promotion, general and administrative, acquisition-related and other, and bad debt expenses. Our operating expenses for 2022 and 2021 were as follows (in thousands, except percentages): 
 Year ended December 31, Increase (decrease) from prior year 2022 2021 Personnel 14,404 8,352 6,052 72.5 Marketing and promotion 3,736 1,625 2,111 129.9 General and administrative 20,735 27,561 (6,826) (24.8) Acquisition-related and other 961 961 100.0 Bad debt 3,752 1,862 1,890 101.5 Total operating expenses 43,588 39,400 4,188 10.6 
 
 The increase in our personnel expenses in 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily due to the hiring of additional staff to support higher levels of projected revenue from existing operations, as well as increased headcount arising from the Kind Acquisition. Personnel costs increased to approximately 11 of revenue in 2022, compared to approximately 7 of revenue in 2021. 
 
 The increase in our marketing and promotion expenses in 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily attributable to our focused efforts to upgrade our marketing initiatives in order to expand branding and distribution of our licensed products. Marketing and promotion costs increased to approximately 3 of revenue in 2022, compared to approximately 1 of revenue in 2021. 
 
 The decrease in our general and administrative expenses in 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily attributable to lower costs in connection with our equity programs and professional fees (i.e., accounting, legal and consulting fees). These decreases were partially offset by higher facilities-related and depreciation expenses. 
 
 Acquisition-related and other expenses include those expenses related to acquisitions and other significant transactions that we would otherwise not have incurred, and include professional and services fees, such as legal, audit, consulting, paying agent and other fees. We incurred 1.0 million of acquisition-related and other expenses in 2022, primarily related to the Kind Acquisition in April 2022 and the July 2022 listing of our common stock on the Canadian Securities Exchange. We did not record any acquisition-related and other expenses in 2021. 
 
 We recorded nominal bad debt expense in 2022. We recorded 1.9 million of bad debt expense in 2021 due to the higher reserve balances that were required in 2021 for aged trade receivable balances. 
 
 Overall, our operating expenses were relatively unchanged in 2022 compared to 2021; our higher personnel, marketing and promotion, and acquisition-related and other expenses were virtually offset by our lower general and administrative and bad debt expense. 
 
 Interest and Other Expense, Net 
 
 Interest expense primarily relates to interest on mortgages and notes payable. Interest income primarily relates to interest income in connection with our notes receivable. Other expense, net, includes gains (losses) on changes in the fair value of our investments and other investment-related income (expense). 
 
 Our net interest expense decreased 1.5 million in 2022 compared to 2021, the result of 0.8 million of higher interest income and 0.7 million of lower interest expense. The increase in interest income was primarily related to the additional 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 notes receivable we recorded in 2021. The decrease in interest expense was primarily attributable to the payoff in 2021 of certain outstanding indebtedness. 
 
 Our net other expense was 0.1 million and 0.8 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively, and was primarily comprised of losses from the changes in the fair value of our investments. The current year amount is comprised of 1.0 million of non-cash income from the sale of an investment, virtually offset by a 1.1 million loss from the change in fair value of other investments. The prior year amount is comprised of a 1.1 million loss from the change in fair value of our investments and a nominal loss on the extinguishment of debt. These losses were partially offset by a gain of 0.3 million on an asset sale. 
 
 Income Tax Provision 
 
 We recorded income tax provisions of 5.9 million and 16.2 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. The provision recorded for 2022 was due in part to the impact of Section 280E of the Internal Revenue Code, which prohibits the deduction of certain ordinary business expenses, and true-ups from changes that occurred between the 2021 provision and 2021 income tax return that was filed. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 We had cash and cash equivalents of 9.7 million and 29.7 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. In addition to the discussions below of our cash flows from operating, investing, and financing activities, please also see our discussion of non-GAAP Adjusted EBITDA in the section Non-GAAP Measurement below, which discusses an additional financial measure not defined by GAAP, which our management also uses to measure our liquidity. 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
 
 Our primary sources of cash from operating activities are from sales to customers in our dispensaries and to our wholesale customers. We expect cash flows from operating activities to be affected by increases and decreases in sales volumes and timing of collections, and by purchases of inventory and shipment of our products. Our primary uses of cash for operating activities are for personnel costs, purchases of packaging and other materials required for the production and sale of our products, and income taxes. 
 
 Our operating activities provided 7.3 million and 35.9 million of cash in 2022 and 2021, respectively. The change in cash from operating activities in 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily attributable to 14.6 million of cash used to pay income taxes in the current year period, compared to 0.6 million in the same prior year period, coupled with higher expenses arising from expanding our sales activities, facilities and geographic footprint, both in the states where we currently operate and into other states. 
 
 Cash Flows from Investing Activities 
 
 Our investing activities used 26.2 million and 16.6 million of cash in 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase in cash usage in the current year period was primarily attributable to 12.8 million of aggregate cash consideration paid for the Kind Acquisition and Green Growth Acquisition in April 2022 and May 2022, respectively. 
 
 Cash Flows from Financing Activities 
 
 Our financing activities used 1.0 million of cash in 2022 and provided 7.5 million of cash in 2021. 
 
 In 2022, we paid 2.0 million of cash to redeem the outstanding minority interests in one of our majority-owned real estate subsidiaries, made 1.5 million of aggregate principal payments on our outstanding mortgages and notes payable, and made distribution payments and finance lease principal payments aggregating 0.5 million. These amounts were partially offset by 3.0 million of proceeds from a new mortgage on one of our facilities in Illinois. 
 
 In 2021, we received 23.0 million from the issuance of preferred stock and 2.7 million from a new mortgage on our Metropolis facility in Illinois. These amounts were partially offset by 16.4 million of principal payments on our outstanding mortgages and notes payable, 1.2 million for repayment of related party loans, and 0.4 million paid for distributions. 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 On August 4, 2022, we entered into a Second Amendment to the Purchase Agreement with Hadron pursuant to which, among other things, (a) Hadron s obligation to provide any further funding to the Company and the Company s obligation to issue any further securities to Hadron was terminated, (b) Hadron s right to appoint a designee to the Company s board of directors was eliminated, and (c) certain covenants restricting the Company s incurrence of new indebtedness were eliminated. 

Based on our current expectations, we believe our current cash and future funding opportunities will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs for working capital and capital expenditures for at least the next twelve months. The rate at which we consume cash is dependent on the cash needs of our future operations, including our contractual obligations at December 31, 2022, and our ability to raise additional cash through financing activities. Our contractual obligations at December 31, 2022 were primarily comprised of our outstanding mortgages and promissory notes, as well as our operating leases. Our mortgage and promissory note obligations totaled approximately 30 million at December 31, 2022. 
 
 On January 24, 2023, we announced that we had closed a 35 million credit facility with a three-year maturity and an ability to extend to a five-year maturity under certain conditions (the "Credit Facility"). We borrowed 30 million at close and can draw down up to an additional 5 million for the six-month period following closing. We expect to use these funds to complete the build-out of a new cultivation and processing facility in Illinois and a new processing kitchen in Missouri, expand existing cultivation and processing facilities in Massachusetts and Maryland, fund other capital expenditures, and for business acquisitions. In addition, on January 24, 2023, we repaid in full the promissory notes issued in connection with the Kind Acquisition (the "Kind Notes"), using 5.4 million of the proceeds from the Credit Facility. 

Non-GAAP Measurement 
 
 In addition to the financial information reflected in this report, which is prepared in accordance with GAAP, we are providing a non-GAAP financial measurement of profitability Adjusted EBITDA as a supplement to the preceding discussion of our financial results. 
 
 Our management defines Adjusted EBITDA as net income (loss), determined in accordance with GAAP, excluding the following: 
 
 interest income and interest expense; 
 income tax provision; 
 depreciation and amortization of property and equipment 
 Amortization of acquired intangible assets; 
 impairments or write-downs of acquired intangible assets and goodwill; 
 stock-based compensation; 
 acquisition-related and other; 
 legal settlements; 
 other income (expense), net; and 
 discontinued operations. 
 
 Management believes that Adjusted EBITDA is a useful measure to assess our performance and liquidity, as it provides meaningful operating results by excluding the effects of expenses that are not reflective of our operating business performance. In addition, our management uses Adjusted EBITDA to understand and compare operating results across accounting periods, and for financial and operational decision-making. The presentation of Adjusted EBITDA is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP. 
 
 Management believes that investors and analysts benefit from considering Adjusted EBITDA in assessing our financial results and our ongoing business, as it allows for meaningful comparisons and analysis of trends in the business. Adjusted EBITDA is used by many investors and analysts themselves, along with other metrics, to compare financial results across accounting periods and to those of peer companies. 
 
 As there are no standardized methods of calculating non-GAAP measurements, our calculations may differ from those used by analysts, investors, and other companies, even those within the cannabis industry, and therefore may not be directly comparable to similarly titled measures used by others. 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Reconciliation of Net Income to Adjusted EBITDA (a Non-GAAP Measurement) 
 
 The table below reconciles Net income to Adjusted EBITDA for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands): 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 GAAP Net income (loss) 13,614 7,624 Interest expense, net 734 2,247 Income tax (benefit) provision 5,894 16,192 Depreciation 3,432 2,098 Amortization of acquired intangible assets 1,282 690 EBITDA 24,956 28,851 Stock-based compensation 6,338 13,440 Settlement of litigation (266) Acquisition-related and other 961 Other expense, net 127 800 Adjusted EBITDA 32,382 42,825 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 The Company has no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on its financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues, or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to investors. 

Inflation 
 
 In the opinion of management, inflation has impacted the Company through increased costs of ingredients, nutrients and packaging. The Company recently negotiated with certain of our suppliers to reduce our costs for future purchases of ingredients, nutrients and packaging, all of which have increased significantly as a result of current economic conditions. 

Seasonality 
 
 In the opinion of management, the Company s financial condition and results of its operations are not materially impacted by seasonal sales. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 The Company has reviewed all other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, and does not believe the future adoption of any such pronouncements will have a material impact on its financial condition or the results of its operations. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 The Company is a smaller reporting company as defined by Regulation S-K and, as such, is not required to provide the information contained in this item pursuant to Regulation S-K. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 CONTENTS 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 
 29 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 31 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 33 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 34 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 35 
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements 
 36 
 
 28 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of MariMed Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of MariMed Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 Inventory 
 
 As discussed in the notes to the financial statements, the Company allocates a certain percentage of overhead cost to its manufactured inventory. 
 
 Auditing management s allocation of overhead involves significant judgements and estimates to determine the proper allocation. 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 To evaluate the appropriateness of the allocation of overhead to inventory, we evaluated management s significant judgments and estimates in what parts of overhead should be included and the allocation of these costs. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2018. 

March XX , 2023 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 MariMed Inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net of allowances of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Deferred rents receivable Note receivable, current portion Inventory Investments, current Due from related parties Other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Intangible assets, net Goodwill Note receivable, net of current Operating lease right-of-use assets Finance right-of-use assets Other assets Total assets Liabilities, mezzanine equity and stockholders equity Current liabilities: Mortgages and notes payable, current portion Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other Income taxes payable Operating lease liabilities, current portion Finance lease liabilities, current portion Total current liabilities Mortgages and notes payable, net of current Operating lease liabilities, net of current Finance lease liabilities, net of current Other liabilities Total liabilities 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 December 31, 2022 2021 Mezzanine equity: Series B convertible preferred stock, par value; shares authorized, issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Series C convertible preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Total mezzanine equity Stockholders equity: Undesignated preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Common stock subscribed but not issued; and shares at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Noncontrolling interests ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities, mezzanine equity, and stockholders equity 
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 MariMed Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Revenue Cost of revenue Gross profit Operating expenses: Personnel Marketing and promotion General and administrative Acquisition-related and other Bad debt Total operating expenses Income from operations Interest and other (expense) income: Interest expense ) ) Interest income Other expense, net ) ) Total interest and other expense, net ) ) Income before income taxes Provision for income taxes Net income Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests Net income attributable to common stockholders Net income per share attributable to common stockholders: Basic Diluted Weighted average common shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 MariMed Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 (in thousands, except share amounts) 
 Common stock Common stock subscribed but not issued Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit Non-controlling interests Total stockholders' equity Shares Par Value Shares Amount Balances at January 1, 2021 ) ) Issuance of subscribed shares ) ) Release of shares under stock grants Exercise of stock options Exercise of warrants Amortization of option grants Issuance of stand-alone warrants Issuance of warrants with stock Conversion of debentures payable to equity Conversion of promissory notes to equity Common stock issued to settle obligations Common stock issued to purchase property and equipment Fees paid with stock Common stock returned to the Company ) ) ) Equity issuance costs ) ) Acquisition of interest in subsidiary ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) Net income Balances at December 31, 2021 ) ) Release of shares under stock grants Exercise of stock options Cashless exercise of stock options Cashless exercise of warrants Forfeiture of restricted shares ) Conversion of promissory notes to common stock Common stock issued to settle obligations Common stock issued under licensing agreement Common stock issued to purchase property and equipment Common stock issued as purchase consideration - Green Growth Group Inc. Common stock issued as purchase consideration - Greenhouse Naturals LLC Purchase of minority interests in certain of the Company's subsidiaries ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) Stock-based compensation Net income Balances at December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 MariMed Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (in thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income attributable to common stockholders Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization of property and equipment Amortization of intangible assets Stock-based compensation Amortization of standalone warrant issuances Amortization of warrants attached to debt Amortization of beneficial conversion feature Amortization of original issue discount Bad debt expense Obligations settled with common stock Loss on obligations settled with equity Gain on sale of investment ) Loss on changes in fair value of investments Other investment income ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) Deferred rents receivable Inventory ) ) Other current assets ) ) Other assets ) ) Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other ) ) Income taxes payable ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of property and equipment ) ) Business acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) Advances toward future business acquisitions ) Acquisition of interest in subsidiary ) Purchases of cannabis licenses ) ) Proceeds from sale of investment Proceeds from notes receivable Due from related parties ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock Equity issuance costs ) Proceeds from issuance of promissory notes Principal payments of mortgages and promissory notes ) ) Proceeds from mortgages Proceeds from exercise of stock options Proceeds from exercise of warrants Repayment of loans from related parties ) Principal payments of finance leases ) ) Redemption of minority interests ) Distributions ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) Net (decrease) increase to cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents at end of year Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes Non-cash activities: Trade receivables converted to notes receivable Purchases of property and equipment with common stock Conversion of promissory notes Promissory note issued as purchase consideration Entry into new operating leases Entry into new finance leases Conversion of debentures payable Common stock issued as purchase consideration Common stock issued to settle obligations Common stock issued under licensing agreement Issuance of common stock associated with subscriptions Return of common stock to the Company 
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 MariMed Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(1) 

(2) 

On April 27, 2022 (the Kind Acquisition Date ), the Company acquired Kind Therapeutics USA Kind ), the Company's former client in Maryland that holds licenses for the cultivation, production, and dispensing of medical cannabis (the Kind Acquisition ). The financial results of Kind are included in the Company's consolidated financial statements for the periods subsequent to the Kind Acquisition Date. 
 
 On May 5, 2022 (the "Green Growth Acquisition Date"), the Company completed the acquisition of of the equity ownership of Green Growth Group Inc. Green Growth ), an entity that holds a craft cultivation and production cannabis license in the state of Illinois (the Green Growth Acquisition ). The financial results of Green Growth are included in the Company's consolidated financial statements for the period subsequent to the Green Growth Acquisition Date. 
 
 On December 30, 2022 (the "Greenhouse Naturals Acquisition Date"), the Company completed an asset purchase under which it acquired the cannabis license and assumed a property lease for a dispensary in Beverly, Massachusetts that had never been operational. 

Significant Accounting Policies 

36 

Table of Contents 

 Mia Development LLC Mari Holdings IL LLC Mari Holdings MD LLC Mari Holdings NJ LLC Mari Holdings NV LLC Mari Holdings Metropolis LLC Mari Holdings Mt. Vernon LLC Mari Mfg LLC Hartwell Realty Holdings LLC iRollie LLC ARL Healthcare Inc. KPG of Anna LLC KPG of Harrisburg LLC MariMed OH LLC MariMed Hemp Inc. MediTaurus LLC MMMO LLC Green Growth Group Inc. 

37 

Table of Contents 

million of cash held in escrow. At December 31, 2021, the Company had million of cash held in escrow related to planned business acquisitions, which was primarily comprised of a million escrow deposit in connection with the Kind Acquisition (see Note 3). 
 
 The Company s cash and cash equivalents are maintained with recognized financial institutions located in the United States. In the normal course of business, the Company may carry balances with certain financial institutions that exceed federally insured limits. The Company has not experienced losses on balances in excess of such limits and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks in that regard. 

million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The amount recorded at December 31, 2021 was comprised of million to fully reserve a related party trade receivable from GenCanna Global Inc. ("GenCanna") (see Note 21), million reserved against a related party trade receivable from Kind (the "Kind Reserve") and million reserved against the Company's other trade accounts receivable. The Company wrote off the trade receivable from GenCanna against the reserve in 2022, and the Kind Reserve was eliminated as part of the purchase accounting related to the Kind Acquisition (see Note 3). 
 
 38 

Table of Contents 

39 

Table of Contents 

; tenant improvements, the lesser of the remaining duration of the related lease or the asset useful life; furniture and fixtures, seven to ; machinery and equipment, seven to . Land is not depreciated. 
 
 Software development costs associated with internal use software are incurred in three stages of development: the preliminary project stage, the application development stage and the post-implementation stage. Costs incurred during the preliminary project and post-implementation stages are expensed as incurred. Certain qualifying costs incurred during the application development stage are capitalized as property and equipment. Internal use software is amortized on a straight-line basis over its estimated useful life of five to , beginning when the software is ready for its intended use. 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, based on the results of management s impairment analyses, there were impairment losses. 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was impairment of goodwill. 

40 

Table of Contents 

41 

Table of Contents 

42 

Table of Contents 

 (3) 
 
 of the equity ownership of Kind. Kind was the Company's client in Maryland that holds licenses for the cultivation, production, and dispensing of medical cannabis. Upon execution of the membership interest purchase agreement, the Company deposited million into escrow as a contract down payment. In April 2022, the Maryland Medical Cannabis Commission approved the Company s acquisition of Kind, and the acquisition was completed on the Kind Acquisition Date (the Kind Acquisition ). As consideration for Kind, the Company paid the Kind Sellers million, which amount was reduced by million of cash acquired (together, the "Kind Cash Consideration"), and issued promissory notes in the aggregate principal amount of million to the Kind Sellers, secured by a first priority lien on the Company s property in Hagerstown, MD (the "Kind Notes" and, together with the "Kind Cash Consideration, the "Kind Consideration"). The Kind Acquisition has allowed the Company to expand its operations into the Maryland cannabis industry and marketplace. 
 
 The Kind Acquisition has been accounted for as a business combination and the financial results of Kind have been included in the Company s consolidated financial statements for the period subsequent to the Kind Acquisition Date. The Company s financial results for the year ended December 31, 2022 include million of revenue and a net loss of million attributable to Kind. 
 
 Release of escrow Severance paid from escrow Less cash acquired ) Net cash consideration Note payable Write-off of accounts receivable Write-off of deferred accounts receivable Total fair value of consideration transferred 
 Fair value of assets acquired and (liabilities assumed): Current assets, net of cash acquired Property and equipment Intangible assets: Trade name and trademarks Licenses and customer base Non-compete agreements Goodwill Current liabilities ) Fair value of net assets acquired 
 
 The valuation of the acquired intangible assets is inherently subjective and relies on significant unobservable inputs. The Company used an income approach to value the acquired trade name/trademarks, licenses/customer base, and non-compete intangible assets. The valuation for each of these intangible assets was based on estimated projections of expected cash flows to be generated by the assets discounted to the present value at discount rates commensurate with perceived risk. The valuation assumptions take into consideration the Company s estimates of new markets, products and customers and its outcome through key assumptions driving asset values, including sales growth, royalty rates and other related costs. 
 
 The Company is amortizing the identifiable intangible assets in relation to the expected cash flows from the individual intangible assets over their respective useful lives, which have a weighted average life of years (see Note 10). Goodwill resulted from assets that were not separately identifiable as part of the transaction and was not deductible for tax purposes. 
 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 million, and the transaction was completed, increasing the Company s ownership of Mari-MD and Mia to and , respectively. 
 
 Pro Forma Results 
 
 The following unaudited pro forma information presents the condensed combined results of MariMed and Kind for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 as if the Kind Acquisition had been completed on January 1, 2021, with adjustments to give effect to pro forma events that are directly attributable to the Kind Acquisition. These pro forma adjustments include the reversal of MariMed revenue and related cost of sales derived from Kind prior to the Kind Acquisition Date, amortization expense for the acquired intangible assets, depreciation expense for property and equipment acquired by MariMed as part of the Kind Acquisition, and interest expense related to the Kind Notes. Pro forma adjustments also include the elimination of acquisition-related and other expense directly attributable to the Kind Acquisition from the year ended December 31, 2022 and inclusion of these expenses in the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 The unaudited pro forma results do not reflect any operating efficiencies or potential cost savings that may result from the consolidation of the operations of MariMed and Kind. 
 Net income 
 
 Green Growth Group Inc. 
 
 In January 2022, the Company entered into a stock purchase agreement to acquire of the equity ownership of Green Growth Group Inc. Green Growth ), an entity that holds a craft cultivation and production cannabis license issued by the Illinois Department of Agriculture, in exchange for cash of million and shares of the Company s common stock valued at million. Concurrently, the Company made a good faith deposit of million. 
 
 In April 2022, the Illinois Department of Agriculture approved the Company s acquisition of Green Growth, and the purchase transaction (the Green Growth Acquisition was completed on May 5, 2022 (the Green Growth Acquisition Date ). The Company paid the remaining million in cash and issued shares of MariMed common stock to the sellers on the Green Growth Acquisition Date. With this license, the Company can cultivate up to square feet of cannabis flowers and produce cannabis concentrates. The Company believes that the acquisition of this cannabis license will allow it to be vertically integrated in Illinois by growing cannabis and producing cannabis products that can be distributed and sold at the Company-owned Thrive dispensaries and sold into the robust Illinois wholesale cannabis marketplace. 
 
 The Company has allocated the purchase price to its licenses/customer base intangible asset. The Company recorded million of amortization expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 for the intangible asset acquired, based on an estimated life for such asset. 
 
 Greenhouse Naturals LLC 
 
 In November 2021, the Company entered into an asset purchase agreement with Greenhouse Naturals LLC (the "Greenhouse Naturals Sellers") to acquire the cannabis license and assume the property lease associated with a cannabis dispensary in Beverly, MA. The purchase price was comprised of shares of the Company s common stock 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 million in cash, with million of the cash amount payable post-closing on a monthly basis as a percentage of the dispensary's monthly gross sales. 
 
 The purchase transaction (the "Greenhouse Naturals Acquisition") was completed on December 30, 2022 (the "Greenhouse Naturals Acquisition Date"). The Company paid million of cash and issued shares of the Company's common stock, with a fair value of million on the Greenhouse Naturals Acquisition Date, to the Sellers. The Company issued a note to the Greenhouse Naturals Sellers for the remaining million of the cash purchase price (the "Greenhouse Naturals Note"), and has recorded the Greenhouse Naturals Note at present value of million. The difference between the face value of the Greenhouse Naturals Note and the net present value recorded will be amortized to interest expense over the term of the note. Upon final inspection by the State of Massachusetts, the dispensary will be able to open, and the Company hopes that this will occur in the first half of 2023. The Company has allocated the purchase price to a licenses/customer base intangible asset, which has an estimated useful life of years. 
 
 MediTaurus LLC 
 
 In 2019, the Company acquired a ownership interest in MediTaurus LLC ("MediTaurus), a developer of CBD products sold under the Florance brand name, in exchange for stock and cash aggregating million. In September 2021, the Company acquired the remaining ownership interest of MediTaurus in exchange for shares of the Company s common stock, valued at approximately , and in cash. The carrying value of the noncontrolling interest of approximately was eliminated on the date such remaining ownership interest was acquired, and as there was no change in control of MediTaurus from this transaction, the resulting gain on the bargain purchase was recognized in Additional paid-in capital in the consolidated balance sheets. As part of this transaction, the initial purchase agreement was amended, eliminating all future license fees and payments to the prior owners of MediTaurus. The Company has since discontinued sales of its MediTaurus products. 
 
 Pending Acquisitions 
 
 Allgreens Dispensary, LLC ("Allgreens") 
 
 In August 2022, the Company entered into an agreement to purchase of the membership interests in Allgreens Dispensary, LLC (the "Allgreens Agreement"), a conditional adult-use cannabis dispensary license in Illinois for of cash. Completion of the acquisition is dependent upon certain conditions, including resolution of any remaining legal challenges affecting nearly social equity dispensary licenses, and regulatory approval of the acquisition. Once the acquisition is complete, which the Company expects to occur in 2023, the Company will have adult-use dispensaries operating in Illinois. 
 
 Under the Allgreens Agreement, the Company made an initial advance payment of to the Allgreens members, with additional cash payments aggregating million to be made as specific milestones as defined in the Allgreens Agreement are reached. The Company will issue promissory notes for the final payment of million, which is due at closing (the "Allgreens Notes"). The Allgreens Notes will mature from the date the dispensary may begin operating. 
 
 Robust Missouri Process and Manufacturing 1, LLC ("Robust") 
 
 In September 2022, the Company entered into an agreement to acquire of the membership interests in Robust Missouri Processing and Manufacturing 1, LLC (the "Robust Agreement"), a Missouri wholesale and cultivator, for million of cash. Completion of the acquisition is dependent upon obtaining all requisite approvals from the Missouri Department of Health and Senior Services, which is expected to occur in 2023. Under the Robust Agreement, the Company made an initial advance payment of to the Robust members, with an additional payment of to be made at closing. 
 
 Cancelled Acquisition 
 
 The Harvest Foundation LLC 
 
 In 2019, the Company entered into a purchase agreement to acquire of the ownership interests of The Harvest Foundation LLC Harvest ), the Company s cannabis-licensed client in the State of Nevada. The purchase price was comprised of the issuance of (i) shares of the Company s common stock, in the aggregate, to owners of 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 million of the Company s common stock would be issued at closing and warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price equal to the closing price of the Company s common stock would be granted on the day prior to legislative approval of the transaction. 
 
 The acquisition was conditioned upon state regulatory approval of the transaction and other closing conditions. Upon approval, and the fulfillment of other closing conditions, the ownership of Harvest would be transferred to the Company. There was no assurance that the closing conditions to the Company s acquisition of Harvest, including regulatory approval, would be achieved or that the acquisition would be consummated. 
 
 The regulatory approval process for license transfers in Nevada experienced significant delays as a result of multiple factors, including the impact of COVID. Additionally, the progress of this potential acquisition had been delayed as a result of actions taken by the Nevada Cannabis Control Board (the "CCB") relating to regulatory operating violations by Harvest. Harvest was unable to negotiate a settlement with the CCB to resolve these violations, which would have allowed it to proceed with the sale. In October 2022, the CCB issued an order approving the placement of a receiver to oversee Harvest and its licenses. The Company monitored the status of these regulatory matters, and ultimately determined that it should withdraw from the agreement to purchase Harvest, and submitted such request to the CCB. The CCB accepted the request by the Company, releasing the Company from the liabilities related to this cancelled transaction. 

(4) 
 
 Potential dilutive common shares Weighted average shares outstanding - diluted 

(5) 
 
 square foot cannabis cultivation, processing, and dispensary facility which is leased to a cannabis-licensed client under a triple net lease that expires in 2035. 
 Maryland a square foot cultivation and processing facility which was leased to Kind prior to the Kind Acquisition Date. 
 Massachusetts a square foot industrial property, of which approximately half of the available square footage was leased to a non-cannabis manufacturing company (the "Tenant") under a lease that expired in 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 square foot cannabis dispensary which is subleased to a cannabis-licensed client under a under a sublease that expires in April 2027. 
 Delaware a square foot warehouse, of which the Company developed square feet into a cultivation facility that is subleased to a cannabis-licensed client. The sublease expires in March 2030, with an option to extend the term for additional periods. The Company intends to develop the remaining space into a processing facility. 
 Delaware a square foot cannabis production facility with offices which is subleased to a cannabis-licensed client. The sublease expires in January 2026 and contains an option to negotiate an extension at the end of the lease term. 
 
 The Company submitted invoices to its rental clients aggregating million and million in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company recognized rental revenue on a straight-line basis totaling million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 
 (6) 
 
 First State Compassion Center (FSCC Secondary Notes) First State Compassion Center (FSCC New Note) Healer LLC Total notes receivable Less: Notes receivable, current portion ) ) Notes receivable, net of current 
 
 First State Compassion Center 
 
 The Company s cannabis-licensed client in Delaware, First State Compassion Center FSCC ), issued a promissory note to the Company in May 2016 for million, bearing interest at a rate of per annum and maturing in April 2026, as amended (the "FSCC Initial Note"). The monthly payments on the FSCC Initial Note approximate . At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the current portions of the FSCC Initial Note approximated and , respectively, and were included in Notes receivable, current, in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

million into notes receivable, whereby FSCC issued promissory notes to the Company aggregating million (the "FSCC Secondary Notes"). The FSCC Secondary Notes bear interest of per annum and mature in December 2025. FSCC is required to make periodic payments of principal and interest throughout the term of the FSCC Secondary Notes. At December 31, 2022, the FSCC Secondary Notes included approximately of unpaid accrued interest. The increase in the FSCC Secondary Notes in the year ended December 31, 2022 was attributable to the accreted interest, which increased the value of such notes. The current portion of the FSCC Secondary Notes aggregated million at December 31, 2022. The entire balance of the FSCC Secondary Notes was long-term at December 31, 2021. 
 
 In December 2022, the Company converted a short-term loan and other receivable balances from FSCC aggregating into a note receivable, whereby FSCC issued a promissory note to the Company for (the "FSCC New Note"). The FSCC New Note bears interest of per annum and matures in December 2026. FSCC is required to make quarterly interest payments, with the full amount of principal due on December 31, 2026. At December 31, 2022, the entire balance of the FSCC New Note was long-term. 
 
 Healer LLC 
 
 In March 2021, the Company was issued a promissory note in the principal amount of approximately (the "Revised Healer Note") from Healer LLC, an entity that provides cannabis education, dosage programs, and products developed by Dr. Dustin Sulak ("Healer"). The principal balance of the note represents previous loans extended to Healer by the Company totaled , plus approximately of accrued interest through the Revised Healer Note issuance date. The Revised Healer Note bears interest of per annum and requires quarterly payments of interest through its April 2026 maturity date. 
 
 The Company has the right to offset any licensing fees payable by the Company to Healer in the event Healer fails to make any payment when due. In March 2021, the Company offset approximately of licensing fees payable to Healer against the principal balance of the Revised Healer Note, reducing the principal amount to approximately . 
 
 At each of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the total amounts of principal and accrued interest due under the Revised Healer Note were approximately , of which approximately was current. 
 
 High Fidelity Inc. 
 
 In August 2021, a loan, which bore interest of per annum, to High Fidelity inc., an entity with cannabis operations in the State of Vermont, was repaid in full. 

(7) 
 
 Ingredients and other raw materials Work-in-process Finished goods Total inventory 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 (8) 
 
 WM Technology Inc. Total investments 
 
 The Company did have any noncurrent investments at December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 
 Flowr Corp. (formerly Terrace Inc.) 
 
 In December 2021, Terrace Inc., a Canadian cannabis entity in which the Company had an ownership interest of Terrace ), was acquired by Flowr Corp. (TSX.V: FLWR; OTC: FLWPF), a Toronto-headquartered cannabis company with operations in Canada, Europe, and Australia Flowr ). Under the terms of the transaction, each shareholder of Terrace received of a share in Flowr for each Terrace share held (the "Flowr Investment"). 
 
 The investment in Flowr was carried at fair value, with changes in fair value recorded as a component of Other expense, net, in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company recorded losses of million and million in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The loss recorded in the year ended December 31, 2022 is comprised of the loss on the change in the Flowr Investment for the year, plus the write-off of the remaining fair value of the Flowr Investment in December 31, 2022 arising from Flowr's bankruptcy filing and delisting from the exchanges on which it traded. The loss recognized in the year ended December 31, 2021 represented the change in the fair value of the investment in Flowr for that year. 
 
 WM Technology Inc. (formerly MembersRSVP LLC) 
 
 In January 2021, the Company and MembersRSVP LLC, an entity that develops cannabis-specific software ("MRSVP), in which the Company owned a membership interest, entered into an agreement under which the Company returned membership interests comprising ownership in MRSVP in exchange for a release of the Company from any further obligation to make any incremental investments or payments to MRSVP and certain other non-monetary consideration. 
 
 In addition to the reduction of the Company's ownership interest to , the Company relinquished its right to appoint a member to MSRVP's board of directors. As a result, the Company no longer had the ability to exercise significant influence over MRSVP, and accordingly, as of January 1, 2021, the Company discontinued accounting for this investment under the equity method. 
 
 In September 2021, MRSVP sold substantially all of its assets pursuant to an asset purchase agreement. In furtherance of the transaction, the Company received cash proceeds of million, representing the Company s pro rata share of the cash consideration received by MRSVP upon the closing of the transaction. The cash proceeds reduced the Company's MRSVP investment balance to and resulted in a gain of million, which was reported as a component of Other expense, net, in the Company's consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 In February 2022, the Company received shares of common stock of WM Technology Inc. (the "MAPS Shares"), a technology and software infrastructure provider to the cannabis industry, which represented the Company's pro rata share of the additional consideration received by MRSVP pursuant to the asset purchase agreement, which had a fair value of approximately at the time of receipt. The Company recognized a loss of million in the year ended December 31, 2022, which is included as a component of Other (expense) income, net, in the consolidated statement of operations. This amount represents the decrease in the fair value of the MAPS Shares for the period from the Company's receipt of such shares in February 22, 2022 through December 31, 2022. 

49 

Table of Contents 

 (9) 
 
 Buildings and building improvements Tenant improvements Furniture and fixtures Machinery and equipment Construction in progress Less: accumulated depreciation ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, additions to property and equipment totaled million and million, respectively. Of the additions to property and equipment, million and million of such additions in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, were paid for by the issuance of Company common stock. 
 
 Depreciation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. 

(10) 
 
 Licenses and customer base Non-compete agreements 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 Kind Acquisition Balance at December 31, 
 
 Goodwill is reviewed on an annual basis for impairment. Based on these reviews and other factors, the Company determined there was goodwill impairment in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

(11) 
 
 Bank of New England Wilmington, DE property DuQuoin State Bank Anna, IL and Harrisburg, IL properties DuQuoin State Bank Metropolis, IL property DuQuoin State Bank Mt. Vernon, IL property South Porte Bank Mt. Vernon, IL property Total mortgages payable Less: Mortgages payable, current portion ) ) Mortgages payable, net of current 
 
 In November 2017, the Company entered into a mortgage agreement with Bank of New England in the amount of million (the Initial Mortgage for the purchase of a square foot industrial property in New Bedford, MA, within which the Company has built a square foot cannabis cultivation and processing facility. Pursuant to the Initial Mortgage, the Company made monthly payments of (i) interest-only from the mortgage date through May 2019 at a rate equal to the prime rate plus , with a floor of per annum, and (ii) principal and interest payments from May 2019 to July 2020 at a rate equal to the prime rate on May 2, 2019 plus , with a floor of per annum. 
 
 In July 2020, at which time the Initial Mortgage had a remaining principal balance of million, the parties consummated an amended and restated mortgage agreement, secured by the Company s properties in New Bedford, MA and Middleborough, MA in the amount of million and bearing interest of per annum that matures in August 2025 (the Refinanced Mortgage ). Proceeds from the Refinanced Mortgage were used to pay down the Initial Mortgage and approximately million of promissory notes as described below. The outstanding principal balance of the Refinanced Mortgage was million and million, respectively, at December 31, 2022 and 2021, of which approximately and , respectively, was current. 
 
 The Company maintains another mortgage with Bank of New England for the 2016 purchase of a square foot building in Wilmington, DE, which was developed into a cannabis seed-to-sale facility and is currently leased to the Company s cannabis-licensed client in that state. The mortgage matures in 2031, with monthly principal and interest payments at a rate of per annum through September 2021, with the rate adjusting every to the then prime 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 with a floor of per annum. For the remainder of 2022, the interest rate on this mortgage remained at . At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the outstanding principal balance on this mortgage was million and million, respectively, of which approximately and , respectively, was current. 
 
 In May 2016, the Company entered into a mortgage agreement with DuQuoin State Bank DSB for the purchase of properties in Anna, IL and Harrisburg, IL, which the Company developed into square foot free-standing retail dispensaries. On May 5 th of each year of the mortgage agreement, this mortgage is due to be repaid unless it is renewed for another year at a rate determined by DSB s executive committee. The mortgage was renewed in May 2022 at a rate of per annum. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the outstanding principal balance on this mortgage approximated and respectively, of which approximately and , respectively, was current. 
 
 In July 2021, the Company purchased the land and building in which it operates its cannabis dispensary in Metropolis, IL. The purchase price consisted of shares of the Company s common stock, which were valued at million in the aggregate on the date of the transaction, and payoff of the seller s remaining mortgage of million. In connection with this purchase, the Company entered into another mortgage agreement with DSB in the amount of million that matures in July 2041 and initially bears interest at a rate of per annum, which rate is adjusted each year based on a certain interest rate index plus a margin. As part of this transaction, the seller was provided with a ownership interest in Mari Holdings Metropolis LLC Metro ), the Company s subsidiary that owns the property and related mortgage obligation, reducing the Company s ownership interest in Metro to . At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the outstanding principal balance on this mortgage was million and million, respectively, of which approximately and , respectively, was current. 
 
 In July 2022, Mari Holdings Mt. Vernon LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a million loan agreement and mortgage with DSB secured by property owned in Mt. Vernon, IL, which the Company is developing into a grow and production facility (the "DSB Mt. Vernon Mortgage"). The DSPB Mt. Vernon Mortgage has a -year term and initially bears interest at the rate of , subject to upward adjustment on each annual anniversary date to the Wall Street Journal U.S. Prime Rate (with an interest rate floor of ). The proceeds of the loan are being utilized for the build-out of the property and other working capital needs. The current portion of the DSB Mt Vernon Mortgage was approximately at December 31, 2022. 
 
 In February 2020, the Company entered into a mortgage agreement with South Porte Bank for the purchase and development of a property in Mt. Vernon, IL. Pursuant to the amended mortgage agreement, the mortgage shall be repaid in monthly installments of principal and interest of approximately which began in August 2021 and continues through its maturity in June 2023, at which time all remaining principal, interest and fees shall be due. 
 
 Promissory Notes 
 
 Promissory Notes Issued by the Company and its MariMed Hemp Inc. Subsidiary 
 
 In February 2020, the Company and MariMed Hemp Inc., its wholly-owned subsidiary MMH ), amended a secured million promissory note (the 10.0M Note issued to an unaffiliated party (the Noteholder earlier in 2020. The 10.0M Note, which provided for the repayment of principal plus a payment of million (the 1.5M Payment ), was amended, whereby the Company and MMH issued a restated promissory note maturing in June 2020 in the principal amount of million (the 11.5M Note ), comprised of the principal amount of the 10.0M Note and the 1.5M Payment. The 11.5M Note bore interest at a rate of per annum, requiring periodic interest payments and minimum amortization payments of million in the aggregate, which the Company made in the first half of 2021. 
 
 The Company entered into a second amendment agreement with the Noteholder in June 2020, whereby (i) of outstanding principal of the 11.5M Note was converted into shares of the Company s common stock (which did not result in a material extinguishment gain or loss as the conversion price approximated the price of the Company s common stock on the second amendment agreement date), and (ii) the Company and MMH issued a second amended and restated promissory note in the principal amount of approximately million, comprised of the outstanding principal and unpaid interest balances of the 11.5M Note, plus an extension fee of approximately , bearing interest at a rate of per annum and which matured in June 2022 (the 8.8M Note ). In addition, the Company issued warrants to the Noteholder to purchase up to shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share. The fair value of these warrants on the issuance date of approximately was recorded as a discount to the 8.8M Note, and amortized to interest expense over the life of the 8.8M Note. 
 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 million in July 2020, with a portion of proceeds of the Refinanced Mortgage discussed above, and additional principal payments aggregating million in the year ended December 31, 2020. Accordingly, the carrying value of the 8.8M Note was million at December 31, 2020. 
 
 The Noteholder had the option to convert the 8.8M Note, in whole or in part, into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price of per share, subject to certain conversion limitations. This non-detachable conversion feature had no intrinsic value on the agreement date, and therefore no beneficial conversion feature arose. In March 2021, the Noteholder converted million of principal and approximately of accrued interest into shares of the Company s common stock, reducing the carrying value of the 8.8M Note to million. 
 
 The Company entered into a third amendment agreement with the Noteholder in April 2021, whereby the Company and MMH issued a third amended and restated promissory note in the principal amount of million (the 3.2M Note ), which bore interest at the rate of per annum and which would mature in April 2023. The Noteholder had the option to convert, subject to certain conversion limitations, all or a portion of the 3.2M Note into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price of per share, subject to adjustment. The third amended agreement resulted in a decrease in the fair value of the embedded conversion feature of the 3.2M Note, and accordingly, no accounting was required for such conversion feature. 
 
 On or after the one-year anniversary of the 3.2M Note issuance date, upon twenty days prior written notice to the Noteholder, the Company had the right to prepay all of the outstanding principal and unpaid interest of the 3.2M Note, along with a prepayment premium equal to of the principal amount being prepaid. The Noteholder remained entitled to convert the 3.2M Note during such notice period. On or after the one-year anniversary of the 3.2M Note issuance date, the Noteholder has the right to require the redemption in cash of up to of principal and unpaid interest thereon per calendar month. 
 
 In 2021, the Noteholder converted million of principal on the 3.2M Note into shares of the Company s common stock, reducing the carrying value of the 3.2M Note to million at December 31, 2021. All note conversions were effected in accordance with the terms of their respective note agreements, and accordingly, the Company was not required to record a gain or loss on such conversions. 
 
 In the first quarter of 2022, the Noteholder converted the remaining principal balance of million into shares of the Company's common stock and the 3.2M Note was retired. The note conversion was effected in accordance with the terms of the note agreement, and accordingly, the Company was not required to record a gain or loss on this conversion. 
 
 Promissory Notes Issued Pursuant to an Exchange Agreement 
 
 In February 2020, pursuant to an exchange agreement (see Note 13), the Company issued two promissory notes in the aggregate principal amount of million, bearing interest at per annum and maturing in August 2021 (the 4.4M Notes ), in exchange for a loan in the same amount. At December 31, 2021, the principal and accrued interest balance of the 4.4M Notes was million. In March 2021, utilizing a portion of the proceeds from the Hadron transaction (see Note 13), the 4.4M Notes were paid in full, along with accrued interest through the repayment date. 
 
 Promissory Notes Issued for Operating Liquidity 
 
 In April 2020, the Company entered into a note extension agreement (the Initial Extension Agreement with the unaffiliated holder (the Holding Party of a secured million promissory note (the 6.0M Note issued by the Company in 2020. The 6.0M Note bore interest at a rate of per annum and required the payment of a service fee of million (the Service Fee ). 
 
 Pursuant to the Initial Extension Agreement, (i) the 6.0M Note s due date was extended to September 2020, and the 6.0M Note was modified to include unpaid accrued interest of through the modification date and interest at a rate of per annum (the 6.8M Note ), and (iii) a new convertible note in the amount of (the 900k Note was issued evidencing the Service Fee, bearing interest at a rate of per annum. The Company satisfied the 900k Note and accrued interest of in full as of the June 2020 maturity date by the payment in July 2020 of in cash, representing one-half of the principal and accrued interest, and the issuance in June 2020 of shares of the Company s common stock, in payment of the other half of the principal and accrued interest. 
 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 million from the issuance of a secured promissory note to the Holding Party in 2019, bearing interest at a rate of per annum (the 3.0M Note ). The maturity date of the 3.0M Note, initially in March 2020, was extended for an additional six months in accordance with its terms, with the interest rate increasing to per annum during the extension period. Pursuant to the Initial Extension Agreement, the maturity date of the 3.0M Note was extended to December 2020. 
 
 The Company and the Holding Party entered into a second note extension agreement in October 2020 (the Second Extension Agreement whereby the Company (i) paid million of principal and all outstanding accrued interest of approximately on the 6.8M Note; (ii) issued an amended and restated senior secured promissory note in the principal amount of million (the 5.8M Note to replace the 6.8M Note; and (iii) amended and restated the 3.0M Note (the New 3.0M Note , and together with the 5.8M Note, the Amended Notes ). The Amended Notes bore interest at a rate of per annum with initial maturity dates in September 2022. 
 
 In consideration of the Second Extension Agreement, the Company (i) issued four-year warrants to the Holding Party s designees to purchase up to shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of per share; (ii) paid the Holding Party a fee of ; and (iii) extended the security interest in certain Company properties and the pledge of certain equity interests to secure the Amended Notes. The Company recorded a discount on the Amended Notes of approximately based on the fair value of such warrants on the issuance date, of which approximately was amortized as of the end of 2021, with the remainder to be amortized over the life of the Amended Notes. 
 
 The Company made a required principal payment of on the 5.8M Note in February 2021. In March 2021, utilizing a portion of the proceeds from the Hadron transaction (see Note 13), the Amended Notes were paid in full, along with accrued interest through the repayment date. Additionally, the remaining discount of approximately on these notes was fully amortized on the payment date. 
 
 Promissory Notes Issued as Purchase Consideration 
 
 Greenhouse Naturals Acquisition 
 
 In connection with the Greenhouse Naturals Acquisition, the Company issued the Greenhouse Naturals Note (see Note 3) to the Greenhouse Naturals Sellers. The Greenhouse Naturals Note had an outstanding balance of million at December 31, 2022, including million recorded as a debt discount, which will be accreted through the term of the note. At December 31, 2022, million was recorded as current. 
 
 Kind Acquisition 
 
 In connection with the Kind Acquisition, the Company issued the Kind Notes (see Note 3) to the Kind Sellers. The Kind Notes had an aggregate outstanding balance of million at December 31, 2022, of which million was current. 
 
 On January 24, 2023, in connection with the Company's new million credit facility (see Note 22), the Company repaid the Kind Notes in full, aggregating million, including approximately of accrued interest. There was no penalty in connection with the early repayment of the Kind Notes. 
 
 Promissory Notes Issued to Purchase Commercial Vehicles 
 
 In August 2020, the Company entered into a note agreement with First Citizens Federal Credit Union for the purchase of a commercial vehicle. The note bears interest of per annum and matures in July 2026. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the balance of this note approximated and , respectively, of which approximately was current at each date. 
 
 In June 2021, the Company entered into a note agreement with Ally Financial for the purchase of a second commercial vehicle. The note bears interest of per annum and matures in May 2027. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the balance of this note approximated and , respectively, of which approximately and , respectively, was current. 
 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 million promissory note (the 1.0M Note in 2020 to an unaffiliated party and paid million of principal amount thereof. In March 2021, the Company paid interest on the 1.0M Note of million and paid off the remaining principal balance of million utilizing a portion of the proceeds from the Hadron transaction (see Note 13). 
 
 Other Promissory Note Issuances 
 
 million, comprised of million of principal and million of accrued interest . 

(12) 
 
 million of convertible debentures (the 21M Debentures to an unaffiliated investor pursuant to an amended securities purchase agreement. As of December 31, 2020, million of the 21M Debentures had not been previously converted into the Company's common stock (the "Remaining Debenture Balance"). 
 
 During the first quarter of 2021, the holder of the 21M Debentures (the Holder converted the Remaining Debenture Balance into the Company s common stock at conversion prices equal to of a calculated average of the daily volume-weighted price preceding the date of conversion, and an aggregate of million of principal and approximately of accrued interest was converted into shares of the Company's common stock at a conversion price of per share. 
 
 These conversions were effected in accordance with the terms of the debenture agreements, and therefore the Company was not required to record a gain or loss on such conversions. The conversions were limited in any given month to certain agreed-upon amounts based on the conversion price, and the Holder was also limited from beneficially owning more than of the Company s outstanding common stock. 

(13) 
 
 institutional shareholders (the TIS Exchange Agreement whereby the Company (i) exchanged shares of the Company s common stock previously acquired by the institutional shareholders for an equal number of shares of the Company's newly designated Series B convertible preferred stock, and (ii) issued the 4.4M Notes (see Note 11). 
 
 In connection with the TIS Exchange Agreement, the Company filed (i) a certificate of designation with respect to the rights and preferences of the Series B convertible preferred stock, and (ii) a certificate of elimination to return all shares of the Series A convertible preferred stock, of which no shares were issued or outstanding, to the status of authorized and unissued shares of undesignated preferred stock. 
 
 The holders of Series B convertible preferred stock (the Series B Holders are entitled to cast the number of votes equal to the number of shares of common stock into which the shares of Series B convertible preferred stock are convertible, together with the holders of common stock as a single class, on most matters. However, the affirmative vote or consent of the Series B Holders voting separately as a class is required for certain acts taken by the Company, including the amendment or repeal of certain charter provisions, liquidation or winding up of the Company, creation of stock senior to the Series B convertible preferred stock, and/or other acts defined in the certificate of designation. 
 
 The Series B convertible preferred stock shall, with respect to dividend rights and rights on liquidation, winding up and dissolution, rank senior to the Company s common stock. The Company shall not declare, pay, or set aside any dividends on shares of any other class or series of capital stock of the Company unless the Series B Holders then outstanding shall first receive, or simultaneously receive, a dividend on each outstanding share of Series B convertible preferred stock in an amount calculated pursuant to the certificate of designation. 
 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 , plus any dividends declared but unpaid thereon, with any remaining assets distributed pro-rata among the holders of the shares of Series B convertible preferred stock and common stock, based on the number of shares held by each such holder, treating for this purpose all such securities as if they had been converted to common stock. 
 
 At any time on or prior to the anniversary of the issuance date of the Series B convertible preferred stock, (i) the Series B Holders have the option to convert their shares of Series B convertible preferred stock into common stock at a conversion price of per share, without the payment of additional consideration, and (ii) the Company has the option to convert all, but not less than all, of the shares of Series B convertible preferred stock into the Company's common stock at a conversion price of if the daily volume weighted average price of common stock (the VWAP exceeds per share for at least twenty consecutive trading days prior to the date on which the Company gives notice of such conversion to the Series B Holders. 
 
 On the day following the six-year anniversary of the issuance of the Series B convertible preferred stock, all outstanding shares of Series B convertible preferred stock shall automatically convert into common stock as follows: 
 
 If the VWAP is less than or equal to per share, the Company shall have the option to (i) convert all shares of Series B convertible preferred stock into common stock at a conversion price of per share, and pay cash to the Series B Holders equal to the difference between the -day VWAP and per share, or (ii) pay cash to the Series B Holders equal to per share. 
 
 If the VWAP is greater than per share, the Company shall have the option to (i) convert all shares of Series B convertible preferred stock into common stock at a conversion price per share equal to the quotient of per share divided by the VWAP, or (ii) pay cash to the Series B Holders equal to per share, or (iii) convert all shares of Series B convertible preferred stock into common stock at a conversion price per share equal to the VWAP per share and pay cash to the Series B Holders at the difference between per share and the VWAP per share. 
 
 The Company shall at all times when the Series B convertible preferred stock is outstanding, reserve and keep available enough of its authorized but unissued capital stock, for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the Series B convertible preferred stock, such number of its duly authorized shares of common stock as shall from time to time be sufficient to effect the conversion of all outstanding Series B convertible preferred stock. 
 
 Series C Convertible Preferred Stock 
 
 In March 2021, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with Hadron Healthcare Master Fund Hadron with respect to a financing facility of up to million in exchange for newly-designated Series C convertible preferred stock of the Company and warrants to purchase the Company s common stock (the "Hadron Facility"). 
 
 At the closing of the transaction in March 2021, Hadron purchased million of Units (as defined below) at a price of per Unit. Each Unit is comprised of share of Series C preferred stock and a warrant to purchase two and one-half shares of common stock. Accordingly, the Company issued to Hadron shares of Series C preferred stock and warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of common stock. Each share of Series C preferred stock is convertible, at Hadron s option, into shares of MariMed common stock, and each warrant is exercisable at an exercise price of per share. The warrants shall be subject to early termination if certain milestones are attained, and the market value of the Company s common stock reaches certain predetermined levels. The fair value of the warrants of approximately million on the issuance date was allocated to the proceeds and recorded as additional paid-in capital. The Company incurred costs of approximately related to the issuance of the aforementioned shares to Hadron, which was recorded as a reduction to additional paid-in capital in March 2021. 
 
 In connection with the closing of the transaction, the Company filed a certificate of designation with respect to the rights and preferences of the Series C convertible preferred stock. Such stock is zero coupon, non-voting, and has a liquidation preference equal to its investment amount plus declared but unpaid dividends. Holders of Series C convertible preferred stock are entitled to receive dividends on an as-converted basis. 
 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 million of proceeds received by the Company in March 2021, million was designated to fund construction and upgrades of certain of the Company s owned and managed facilities during 2021 and million was used to pay down debt and obligations, comprised of principal and interest on various notes outstanding (see Note 11) and payments of certain amounts due to related parties (see Note 19). 
 
 Provided that at least of the shares of Series C convertible preferred stock remained outstanding, the holders had the right to appoint observer to the Company s board and to each of its board committees, and appoint a member to the Company s board if and when a seat became available, at which time the observer roles would terminate. The transaction also imposed certain covenants on the Company with respect to the incurrence of new indebtedness, the issuance of additional shares of any designation of preferred stock, and the payment of distributions. 
 
 No further funding has occurred under the Hadron Facility and, on August 4, 2022, the Company and Hadron entered into a second amendment to the purchase agreement pursuant to which, inter alia, (i) Hadron's obligation to provide any further funding to the Company and the Company's obligation to sell any further securities to Hadron was terminated, (ii) Hadron's right to appoint a designee to the Company's board of directors was eliminated, and (iii) certain covenants restricting the Company's incurrence of new indebtedness were eliminated. 

(15) 
 
 Product sales - wholesale Total product revenue Other revenue: Real estate rentals Supply procurement Management fees Licensing fees Total other revenue Total revenue 

(14) 
 
 million to million. 
 
 Also at the 2021 Annual Meeting, stockholders approved an amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated 2018 Stock Award and Incentive Plan (the 2018 Plan ), increasing the aggregate number of shares available for issuance under the Plan from million to million. 
 
 Amended and Restated 2018 Stock Award and Incentive Plan 
 
 The 2018 Plan provides for the award of options to purchase the Company's common stock ("stock options"), restricted stock units ("RSUs"), stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, deferred stock, dividend equivalents, performance shares or other stock-based performance awards, as well as other stock- or cash-based awards. At December 31, 2022, there were total shares of common stock available for future issuance under the 2018 Plan. 
 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited ) Expired ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 
 
 The amount reported as stock options exercised was comprised of options exercised in cash transactions, from which the Company received approximately , and a cashless exercise of stock options, under which shares were released and shares were returned to the Company in lieu of cash. 
 
 Stock options granted under the 2018 Plan generally expire from the date of grant. At December 31, 2022, the options outstanding had a weighted average remaining life of approximately . 
 
 Weighted average volatility Weighted average risk-free interest rate Dividend yield 
 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 
 The Company began to grant restricted stock units ("RSUs") under the 2018 Plan in the fourth quarter of 2022. Holders of unvested restricted stock units ("RSUs") do not have voting and dividend rights. The grant date fair value of RSUs is recognized as expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service periods. The fair value of RSUs is determined based on the market value of the Company's shares on the date of grant. 
 
 The Company granted RSUs in the year ended December 31, 2022, RSUs were granted to each of the Company's then-Chief Executive Officer and its President, RSUs were granted to the Company's Chief Operating Officer, and RSUs were granted to each of the independent members of its Board of Directors. Each of these RSUs had a grant date fair value of . 
 
 At December 31, 2022, there were unvested RSUs outstanding. 
 
 Warrants 
 
 In April 2022, warrants were exercised in a cashless transaction under which the Company withheld shares underlying such warrants and issued shares of common stock. In October 2022, warrants were exercised in a cashless transaction under which the Company withheld shares underlying such warrants and issued shares of common stock. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, warrants to purchase up to shares of common stock were outstanding, with a weighted average exercise price of . 
 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 shares of common stock in a series of conversions of a promissory note in the original principal amount of million, of which shares were issued in the first quarter of 2022, resulting in the promissory note being fully paid and retired (see Note 11). 
 
 In addition to the activity described previously, the Company also issued during the year ended December 31, 2022: 
 
 shares of restricted common stock in the aggregate as purchase consideration for business acquisitions with an aggregate fair value of million (see Note 3); 
 shares of restricted common stock with a fair value of approximately to purchase property and equipment; 
 shares of restricted common stock with a fair value of approximately in exchange for consulting services; 
 shares of restricted common stock with a grant date fair value of approximately to the Company s Chief Financial Officer in connection with her appointment; 
 shares of restricted common stock under a royalty agreement with an aggregate fair value of approximately ; 
 shares of common stock issued in connection with the vesting of restricted stock units with a grant date fair value of approximately (see "Extension of Exercise Period and Accelerated Vesting of RSUs" below); and 
 shares of restricted common stock to an employee with an aggregate grant date fair value of approximately . 
 
 Extension of Exercise Period and Accelerated Vesting of RSUs 
 
 In connection with the death of the Company's former Chief Executive Officer Robert Fireman ("Mr. Fireman") on December 11, 2022, the Company, in accordance with the 2018 Plan, extended the exercise period for Mr. Fireman's outstanding stock options, which were fully vested, to the earlier of from the date of death or the contractual expiration date of the respective stock options. Accordingly, Mr. Fireman's stock options will remain exercisable until December 11, 2025. Additionally, the Compensation Committee of the Company's Board of Directors, as prescribed in the 2018 Plan, accelerated the vesting, on a prorated basis, of Mr. Fireman's RSUs, which had been granted to him on October 27, 2022, such that RSUs were accelerated and the underlying shares were released in trust to Mr. Fireman's estate on December 30, 2022. The remaining unvested RSUs that had been granted to Mr. Fireman on October 27, 2022 were forfeited and returned to the 2018 Plan. These amounts are included in the information related to RSUs above. 
 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 
 The Company recorded stock-based compensation expense of million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Common Stock Issuance Obligations 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company was obligated to issue shares of common stock in the aggregate, with an aggregate grant date fair value of approximately , to employees. The Company had no such obligation at December 31, 2021. 

(16) 
 
 of total accounts receivable. The Company performs ongoing credit evaluations of its customers and generally does not require collateral on accounts receivable. 

59 

Table of Contents 

 (17) 
 
 million of expense to increase its AR Allowance. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company increased the AR Allowance and the WC Reserve by million and million, respectively. The increase to the WC Reserve in the year ended December 31, 2021 was related to Harvest's working capital balance (see Note 3). These amounts are reported as Bad debt in the consolidated statements of operations for the respective years. 

(18) 
 
 operating leases and finance leases. These leases contain rent holidays and customary escalations of lease payments for the type of facilities being leased. The Company recognizes rent expense on a straight-line basis over the expected lease term, including cancelable option periods which the Company fully expects to exercise. Certain leases require the payment of property taxes, insurance and/or maintenance costs in addition to the rent payments. 
 
 The details of the Company s operating lease agreements are as follows: 
 
 Delaware square feet of retail space in a multi-use building under a lease that expires in April 2027 that the Company has developed into a cannabis dispensary, which is subleased to a cannabis-licensed client. 
 Delaware a square foot warehouse, of which the Company developed square feet into a cultivation facility, and is developing the remaining space into a processing facility, subleased to a cannabis-licensed client. The lease expires in March 2030, with an option to extend the term for additional periods. 
 Delaware a square foot premises which the Company developed into a cannabis production facility with offices, and is subleased to a cannabis-licensed client. The lease expires in January 2026 and contains an option to negotiate an extension at the end of the lease term. 
 Massachusetts square feet of office space which the Company utilizes as its corporate offices under a lease with a related party expiring in 2028, with an option to extend the term for an additional period. 
 Massachusetts a square foot dispensary, which lease the Company assumed under a lease that expires in 2026, with options to extend the term for additional periods through 2041. 
 Maryland a square foot two-unit apartment under a lease that expires in July 2023. 
 
 The Company leases machinery and office equipment under finance leases that expire in July 2023 through January 2028 with such terms being a major part of the economic useful life of the leased property. 
 
 Finance lease expense: Amortization of right-of-use assets Interest on lease liabilities Total finance lease expense 
 
 60 

Table of Contents 

years and years, respectively. The weighted average discount rate used to determine the right-of-use assets and lease liabilities was between to for all leases. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: imputed interest ) ) Present value of lease liabilities 
 
 In November 2021, the Company entered into lease agreements for retail properties, each with square footage between and square feet, in the State of Ohio (each an Ohio Lease and collectively the Ohio Leases ). Each Ohio Lease had an initial lease period of , with a minimum rent of per square foot, which increased annually. Should the Company be awarded one or more cannabis licenses by the state of Ohio prior to the end of the initial lease period, it could extend the term of one or more of the Ohio Leases to (with additional options to extend) upon the payment of for the extended Ohio Lease, which the Company is building out into a medical use dispensary. 
 
 In February 2022, the Company was notified that it was awarded a cannabis dispensary license from the State of Ohio. The Company is awaiting the final verification process to be completed by the state. In April 2022 the Company extended the term of of the Ohio Leases to February 2023 (the "Extended Ohio Lease"), and the remaining Ohio Leases were terminated. The Company intends to enter into a lease on the Extended Ohio Lease property, which will become effective upon the completion of the final verification process by the state, which is expected to occur in the first half of 2023. As of December 31, 2022, the lease term of the Extended Ohio Lease was less than one year, and the Company was not required to record a right-of-use asset and corresponding lease liability on its balance sheet. Accordingly, the future lease payments of the Extended Ohio Lease are excluded from the table of future minimum lease payments shown above. 

(19) 
 
 extension option. Expenses under this lease in both of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 approximated . 
 
 The Company procures nutrients, lab equipment, cultivation supplies, furniture, and tools from an entity owned by the family of the Company s Chief Operating Officer (the "COO"). Purchases from this entity totaled million and million in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 The Company pays royalties on the revenue generated from its Betty s Eddies product line to an entity owned by the COO and the Company's Chief Revenue Officer (the "CRO") under a royalty agreement. This agreement was amended effective January 1, 2021 whereby, among other modifications, the royalty percentage changed from on all sales of Betty s Eddies products to if sold directly by the Company and between and if licensed by the Company for sale by third parties. Future developed products (i.e., ice cream) have a royalty rate of if sold directly by the Company and between and if licensed by the Company for sale by third parties. The aggregate royalties due to this entity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 approximated and , respectively. 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, one of the Company s majority-owned subsidiaries paid distributions aggregating approximately and , respectively, to Mr. Fireman and Mr. Levine, who own 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 in the aggregate at December 31, 2022 for payments relate to the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, another of the Company s majority-owned subsidiaries paid distributions of approximately and to a current employee who owns a minority equity interest in such subsidiary, and accrued at December 31, 2022 for a payment related to the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company purchased fixed assets and consulting services aggregating million and million, respectively, from entities owned by of the Company s general managers. 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company purchased fixed assets aggregating approximately and from an entity owned by an employee. 
 
 In the first quarter of 2021, the Company made payments aggregating million that had been accrued at December 31, 2020, comprised of approximately paid to Mr. Fireman, paid to entities owned by Mr. Fireman and Mr. Levine, and paid to a stockholder of the Company. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company s mortgages with Bank of New England, DuQuoin State Bank, and South Porte Bank were personally guaranteed by Mr. Levine. 

(20) 
 
 million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company s cumulative federal net operating losses were million and million, respectively. The provision recorded in the year ended December 31, 2022 was due in part to the impact of Section 280E of the Internal Revenue Code, which prohibits the deduction certain ordinary business expenses, and true-ups from changes that occurred between when the provision for the year ended December 31, 2021 was determined and when the related tax return was filed. 
 
 State taxes net of federal benefit Section 280E adjustment Stock-based compensation FIN 48 reserve Return to Provision adjustments ) ) Other Valuation allowance Effective tax rate 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 Allowance for doubtful accounts Stock compensation Loss on equity investments Goodwill write-offs Change in fair value of investments Lease payments Reserves Other Deferred tax liabilities: Depreciation ) ) Real estate revenue ) ) Net deferred tax asset Valuation allowance ) ) Total 
 
 Federal net operating losses carry forward indefinitely, subject to an annual limitation of 80 of taxable income, while state net operating losses expire at various dates beginning in 2031. These tax attributes are subject to an annual limitation from equity shifts, which constitute a change of ownership as defined under Internal Revenue Code Section 382. The Company recorded valuation allowances against its net deferred tax assets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 due to the uncertainty regarding the realization of such assets. The Company s assessment of the realization of its deferred tax assets in future periods may differ due to changing circumstances. 
 
 Additions based on tax positions related to prior years Balance at December 31, 
 
 All of the unrecognized tax benefits are included as a component of Income taxes payable, which is a current liability. The Company does not expect its unrecognized tax benefits to change significantly over the next twelve months. During the year ended December 2022, the Company's unrecognized tax benefits increased by million as a result of uncertain tax positions relating to net operating losses deducted by subsidiaries that are subject to the provision of Section 280E of the Internal Revenue Code. The Company believes that its reserves for uncertain tax positions are appropriate, and that it has meritorious defenses for its tax filings and will vigorously defend them during any audit process, appellate process and through litigation in courts, as necessary. 
 
 The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal tax jurisdiction and various state jurisdictions. The Company is currently open to examination under the statute of limitations by the Internal Revenue Service and state jurisdictions for the tax years ended 2018 through 2022. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a receivable for income taxes of million, comprised of million of overpayments that will be applied to future periods and million that was requested for refund from the Internal Revenue Service. This receivable is reported as a component of Other current assets in the Company's consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2022. 
 
 63 

Table of Contents 

(21) 
 
 of the equity ownership of Kind (the "Kind Acquisition") and (b) a membership interest purchase agreement with Jennifer DiPietro to acquire her entire equity ownership interest in Mari-MD and Mia (the "DiPietro Acquisition"). 
 
 In April 2022, following the consummation of the Kind Acquisition, the Maryland Litigation was dismissed in its entirety with prejudice, and the parties released each other from any and all claims between them. 
 
 In June 2022, upon the approval of the court in the DiPietro Lawsuit, the DiPietro Acquisition was consummated and the parties released each other from any and all direct and derivative claims, and a stipulation dismissing all claims and counterclaims with prejudice was filed with the court. 
 
 Bankruptcy Claim 
 
 During 2019, the Company s MMH subsidiary sold and delivered hemp seed inventory to OGG, Inc. (f/k/a GenCanna Global Inc.), a Kentucky-based cultivator, producer, and distributor of hemp GenCanna ). At the time of sale, the Company owned a ownership interest in GenCanna. The Company recorded a related party receivable of approximately million from the sale, which was fully reserved on December 31, 2019. 
 
 On January 24, 2020, an involuntary bankruptcy proceeding under Chapter 11 was filed against GenCanna and its wholly-owned subsidiary, OGGUSA Inc. (f/k/a GenCanna Global US, Inc.) ("OGGUSA" and together with GenCanna, the "OGGUSA Debtors") in the U.S. Bankruptcy Court in the Eastern District of Kentucky (the "Bankruptcy Court"). In February 2020, the OGGUSA Debtors, under pressure from certain of its creditors including its senior lender MGG Investment Group LP (MGG"), agreed to convert the involuntary bankruptcy proceeding into a voluntary Chapter 11 proceeding. The OGGUSA Debtors' subsidiary, Hemp Kentucky LLC, also filed voluntary petitions under Chapter 11 in the Bankruptcy Court. 
 
 In May 2020, after an abbreviated solicitation/bid/sale process, the Bankruptcy Court, over numerous objections by creditors and shareholders of the OGGUSA Debtors, which included the Company, entered an order authorizing the sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the OGGUSA Debtors to MGG. After the consummation of the sale of all or substantially all of their assets and business, the OGGUSA Debtors filed their liquidating plan of reorganization (the Liquidating Plan to collect various prepetition payments and commercial claims against third parties, liquidate the remaining assets of the OGGUSA Debtors, and make payments to creditors. The Liquidating Plan was confirmed by the Bankruptcy Court on November 12, 2020. 
 
 Since the approval of the Liquidating Plan, the OGGUSA Debtors have been in the process of liquidating the remaining assets, negotiating and prosecuting objections to other creditors claims, and pursuing the collection of accounts receivable and Chapter 5 bankruptcy avoidance claims. 
 
 In January 2022, the Company, at the request of Oxford Restructuring Advisors LLC, the administrator of the Liquidating Plan for the OGGUSA Debtors (the "Plan Administrator"), executed a written release of claims, if any, of the Company against Huron Consulting Group Huron ), a financial consulting and management company retained by the senior lender of the OGGUSA Debtors to perform loan management services for the lender and OGGUSA Debtors prior to and during 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 to the bankruptcy estates of the OGGUSA Debtors to be included in the funds to be distributed to creditors, including the Company. 
 
 In connection with the discussions of the Company with the OGGUSA Debtors relating to the Huron settlement, the Plan Administrator raised issues relating to a potential claim against MariMed Hemp, Inc. ("MHI") for certain preferential transfers of assets, which were valued at by the Plan Administrator, of the OGGUSA Debtors alleged to have been made to MHI in payment of a loan made by the Company prior to the Chapter 11 bankruptcy of the OGGUSA Debtors (the "Preferential Claim"). On April 20, 2022, the Plan Administrator filed its Complaint to Avoid and Recover Transfers Pursuant to 11 U.S.C. 547 and 550 and to Disallow Claims Pursuant to 11 U.S.C. 502 (the "Complaint"), asserting the Preferential Claim seeking the recovery of an amount no less than and to disallow the MHI claim until such time as such preferential transfer has been repaid to the OGGUSA Debtors. On August 1, 2022, an answer to the Complaint was filed, asserting counterclaims and third-party claims against OGGUSA, the Plan Administrator, and Huron for declaratory judgment (the "Related Claims") in relation to terms of the Plan of Reorganization (the "Plan") and the allowance of the MHI claim under the Plan. 
 
 The Company has and continues to vigorously deny that any of the Preferential Claim exists in that such claims were waived and released in connection with the Company's settlement agreement and stipulations for its support of and voting for the Plan. As such, the Company believes that such claims are meritless and have no basis in fact or law. 
 
 As of the date of this filing, there is insufficient information as to how much of the Company's allowed general unsecured claim, if any, will be paid upon the completion of the liquidation of the remaining assets of the OGGUSA Debtors. 

(22) 
 
 million in principal borrowings at the Borrowers option in the aggregate and further provides the Borrowers with the right, subject to customary conditions, to request an additional incremental term 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 million; provided that the Lenders elect to fund such incremental term loan. million of loan principal was funded at the initial closing and the Company has the option, during a period following the initial closing, to draw down an additional million. The loans require scheduled amortization payments of of the principal amount outstanding under the Credit Agreement per month commencing in May 2023, and the remaining principal balance is due in full on January 24, 2026, subject to extension to January 24, 2028 under certain circumstances. 
 
 The Credit Agreement provides the Borrowers with the right, subject to specified limitations, to (a) incur seller provided debt in connection with future acquisitions, (b) incur additional mortgage financing from third-party lenders secured by real estate currently owned and acquired after the closing date, and (c) to incur additional debt in connection with equipment leasing transactions. 
 
 The obligations under the Credit Agreement are secured by substantially all of the assets of the Borrowers, excluding specified parcels of real estate and other customary exclusions. 
 
 The Credit Agreement provides for a floating annual interest rate equal to the prime rate then in effect plus , which rate may be increased by upon an event of default or upon a material event of default as provided in the Credit Agreement. 
 
 At any time, the Company may voluntarily prepay amounts due under the facility in million increments, subject to a -percent prepayment premium and, during the first of the term, a make-whole payment. 
 
 Representations, Warranties, Events of Default and Certain Covenants 
 
 The Credit Agreement includes customary representations and warranties and customary events of default, including, without limitation, payment defaults, breaches of representations and warranties, covenant defaults, cross-defaults to material indebtedness, and events of bankruptcy and insolvency. 
 
 The Credit Agreement also includes customary negative covenants limiting the Borrowers ability to incur additional indebtedness and grant liens that are otherwise not permitted, among others. Additionally, the Credit Agreement requires the Borrowers to meet certain financial tests. 
 
 Warrant Issuance 
 
 The Credit Agreement provides for warrant coverage against amounts funded under the facility, priced at a premium to the trailing average price on the closing date of each such funding. At the initial closing, upon funding of the initial million under the facility, the Company issued to the Lenders an aggregate of warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at per share, exercisable for a period following issuance. Incremental warrants are issuable upon further draw-downs under the facility. 
 
 Repayment of Kind Notes 
 
 On January 24, 2023, in connection with the Company's Credit Agreement described above, the Company repaid in full the Kind Notes (see Note 11). 
 
 Equity Transactions 
 
 Subsequent to December 31, 2022, the following equity transaction occurred: 
 
 shares of restricted common stock issued as payment under a royalty agreement with an aggregate fair market value of approximately . 

66 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Our management, with the participation of our CEO and CFO, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act")) as of December 31, 2022 (the Evaluation Date ). Based upon that evaluation, our CEO and CFO concluded that, as of the Evaluation Date, our disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act (i) are recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and (ii) are accumulated and communicated to our management, including our CEO and CFO, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting and for the assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. As defined by the SEC in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act, internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our CEO and CFO, and effected by our board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 Our internal control system is designed to provide reasonable assurances to our management and the board of directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations which may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Our CEO and CFO assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, our CEO and CFO used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control Integrated Framework . Based on that assessment and using the COSO criteria, our CEO and CFO have concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was not effective due to the lack of a formalized and complete set of policy and procedure documentation evidencing our Company s system of internal controls over financial reporting Lack of Formal Documentation ). Such Lack of Formal Documentation is not uncommon our a company of our size due to personnel and financial limitations. 
 
 Our management intends to work to remediate the Lack of Formal Documentation, which is expected to include the hiring of an independent consulting or accounting firm to review and document its internal control system to ensure compliance with COSO. However, our financial position could make it difficult for it to implement this remediation. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Over the past several years, we implemented significant measures to remediate past instances of ineffectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, The remediation measures consisted of the engagement of accounting consultants as needed to provide expertise on specific areas of the accounting guidance, the hiring of individuals with appropriate experience in internal controls over financial reporting, and the modification to our accounting processes and enhancement to our financial control. Further, we expanded our board of directors to include a majority of independent disinterested directors; established an audit, compensation, and corporate governance committee of the board of directors; and adopted a formal policy with respect to related party transactions. 
 
 Other than as described above, there was no change to our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rules 13a-15(d) or 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 15d-15(d) that occurred during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Attestation Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 Pursuant to rules of the SEC that permit us to provide only our management s report in this annual report on Form 10-K, an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting is not included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 On February 28, 2023, the Board appointed Jon R. Levine as the Company's Chief Executive Officer and Edward Gildea as Chairman of the Board. 
 
 Effective February 28, 2023, the Company entered into an amended and restated employment agreement with each of Jon R. Levine, President and Chief Executive Officer (the "Levine Agreement") and Timothy Shaw, Chief Operating Officer (the "Shaw Agreement") and a new employment agreement with Susan M. Villare, Chief Financial Officer (the "Villare Agreement") (the Levine Agreement, the Shaw Agreement and the Villare Agreement, collectively the "Employment Agreements"). 
 
 Pursuant to the Levine Agreement, Mr. Levine will receive a base salary of 375,000, effective March 1, 2023, with a target bonus opportunity equal to 60 of his then-applicable annual base salary and a maximum bonus opportunity equal to 120 of his then-applicable annual base salary. 
 
 Pursuant to the Villare Agreement, Ms. Villare will receive a base salary of 300,000, effective March 1, 2023, with a target bonus opportunity equal to 60 of her then-applicable annual base salary and a maximum bonus opportunity equal to 120 of her then-applicable annual base salary. 
 
 Pursuant to the Shaw Agreement, Mr. Shaw will receive a base salary of 325,000, effective March 1, 2023, with a target bonus opportunity equal to 60 of his then-applicable annual base salary and a maximum bonus opportunity equal to 120 of his then-applicable annual base salary. 
 
 Each of Mr. Levine, Ms. Villare, and Mr. Shaw (each, an Executive is entitled to severance payments and benefits upon certain terminations of employment under the terms of their respective Employment Agreement. Upon termination of an Executive s employment by the Company without Cause or by an Executive for Good Reason (each as defined in the Employment Agreements), each Executive is entitled to severance payments equal to: (i) 12 months of his/her base salary, payable over 12 months following termination; (ii) the aggregate sum of the Company s share of medical, dental, and vision insurance premiums for such Executive and his/her dependents for a 12 month period, payable over 12 months following termination; (iii) in the event such termination occurs less than six months following the commencement of the fiscal year, such Executive shall be entitled to receive a prorated target bonus, prorated based on the number of days actually employed in such fiscal year (the Pro Rata Bonus ), payable on the severance commencement date; and (iv) in the event such termination occurs six months or later following the commencement of the fiscal year, an amount equal to the target bonus (the Target Bonus ), payable on the severance commencement date. In addition, upon such termination, the Executive s equity awards that are subject to vesting based solely upon such Executive s continued service with the Company and would have vested during the 12 month period following the date of termination of employment will vest. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent a termination by the Company without Cause or by an Executive for Good Reason during a Change in Control Protection Period (as defined in the Employment Agreements), each Executive is entitled to receive a cash lump sum payment equal to: (a) the sum of 24 months of the Executive s base salary; (b) two times the Executive s target bonus for the calendar year in which the date of termination occurs; (c) the aggregate sum of the Company s share of medical, dental, and vision insurance premiums for the Executive and his/her dependents for a 24 month period; (d) if in the event such termination occurs less than six months following the commencement of the fiscal year, such Executive shall be entitled to receive the Pro Rata Bonus, payable on the severance commencement date; and (e) in the event such termination occurs six months or later following the commencement of the fiscal year, an amount equal to the Target Bonus, payable on the severance commencement date. In addition, upon such termination, any of the Executive s unvested equity awards outstanding immediately prior to the date of termination will automatically become fully vested and exercisable as of the date of termination. 
 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 In the event an Executive s employment with the Company is terminated as a result of his/her death or Disability (as defined in the Employment Agreements), then in addition to Accrued Benefits (as defined in the Employment Agreements), the Company will pay such Executive or his/her estate or representative the Pro Rata Bonus. 
 
 The foregoing description of each Employment Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the respective Employment Agreement, which are filed as Exhibits 10.18, 10.19, and 10.20 hereto and are incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 None. 
 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 We have adopted a code of ethics (the Code that applies to our Board of Directors executive officers, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or individuals performing similar functions, as well as our employees. A copy of the Code can be found on our website at https://ir.marimedinc.com/corporate-governance/governance-documents. The Code of Ethics was designed with the intent to deter wrongdoing, and to promote the following: 
 
 honest and ethical conduct, including the ethical handling of actual or apparent conflicts of interest between personal and professional relationships; 
 full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure in reports and documents that the Company files with, or submit to, the Commission and in other public communications the Company makes; 
 compliance with applicable governmental laws, rules and regulations; 
 prompt internal reporting of violations of the code to an appropriate person or persons identified in the Code; and 
 accountability for adherence to the Code. 
 
 The information required by this Item 10 is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive included in our definitive proxy statement pursuant to Regulation 14A, which proxy statement will be filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission not later than 120 days after the end of the Company's fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 The information required by this Item 11 is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive included in our definitive proxy statement pursuant to Regulation 14A, which proxy statement will be filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission not later than 120 days after the end of the Company's fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 The information required by this Item 12 is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive included in our definitive proxy statement pursuant to Regulation 14A, which proxy statement will be filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission not later than 120 days after the end of the Company's fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 The information required by this Item 13 is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive included in our definitive proxy statement pursuant to Regulation 14A, which proxy statement will be filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission not later than 120 days after the end of the Company's fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 The information required by this Item 14 is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive included in our definitive proxy statement pursuant to Regulation 14A, which proxy statement will be filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission not later than 120 days after the end of the Company's fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

70 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 1) Financial Statements 
 
 The consolidated financial statements of the Company are listed in the index under Part II, Item 8, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 2) Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 None. All schedules are omitted because they are not applicable, not required under the instructions, or the information is contained in the consolidate financial statements or notes thereto, included herein. 
 
 3) List of Exhibits 
 
 The Exhibits filed part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K are listed in the Exhibit Index immediately preceding the signature page of this Annual Report, which Exhibit Index is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 None. 

71 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 Dated: March 3, 2023 
 MARIMED INC. (Registrant) By: /s/ Jon R. Levine Name: Jon R. Levine Title: President and Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 Signature Title Date /s/ Jon R. Levine President and Chief Executive Officer March 3, 2023 Jon R. Levine (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Susan M. Villare Chief Financial Officer March 3, 2023 Susan M. Villare (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ Edward Gildea Director and Chairman of the Board March 3, 2023 Edward Gildea /s/ David Allen Director March 3, 2023 David Allen /s/ Eva Selhub Director March 3, 2023 Eva Selhub 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 EXHIBIT INDEX 
 Exhibit No. Description 3.1 Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form 10-12G (File No. 000-54433), filed June 9, 2011 with the SEC). 
 3.1.1 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed April 17, 2017 with the SEC). 
 3.1.2 Certificate Eliminating Reference to A Series of Shares of Stock from the Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed February 27, 2020 with the SEC). 
 3.1.3 Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock of the Registrant (incorporate by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed February 27, 2020 with the SEC). 
 3.1.4 Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1.4 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed March 2, 2021 with the SEC). 
 3.1.5 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1.5 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed November 14, 2021 with the SEC). 
 3.1.6 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1.6 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed November 15, 2021 with the SEC). 
 3.2 By-Laws of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form 10-12G (File No. 000-54433), filed June 9, 2011 with the SEC). 
 4.1 Amended and Restated Promissory Note, dated February 10, 2020, in the principal amount of 11,500,000, issued by MariMed Hemp Inc. and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed February 12, 2020 with the SEC). 
 4.1.1 Promissory Note, dated February 27, 2020, in the principal amount of 3,742,500, issued by the Registrant to Navy Capital Green Fund, LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed February 27, 2020 with the SEC). 
 4.1.2 Promissory Note, dated February 27, 2020, in the principal amount of 675,000, issued by the Registrant to Navy Capital Green Co-Invest Fund, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed February 27, 2020 with the SEC). 
 4.1.3 12 Convertible Promissory Note, dated April 23, 2020, in the principal amount of 900,000, issued by the Registrant to Best Buds Funding LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1.4 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed May 28, 2020 with the SEC). 
 4.2 Second Amended and Restated Promissory Note, dated June 24, 2020, in the principal amount of 8,811,653.84, issued by MariMed Hemp Inc. and the Registrant to SYYM LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed May 28, 2020 with the SEC). 
 4.3 Common Stock Purchase Warrant, dated June 24, 2020, issued by the Registrant to SYYM LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed June 30, 2020 with the SEC). 
 4.4 Amended and Restated Senior Secured Commercial Promissory Note, dated October 19, 2020, in the principal amount of 5,845,000, issued by MariMed Advisors, Inc. to Best Buds Funding LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed October 26, 2020 with the SEC). 
 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit No. Description 4.5 Amended and Restated Senior Secured Commercial Promissory Note, dated October 19, 2020, in the principal amount of 3,000,000, issued by MariMed Advisors, Inc. to Best Buds Funding LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed October 26, 2020 with the SEC). 
 4.6 Common Stock Purchase Warrant, dated September 30, 2020, issued by the Registrant to Best Buds Funding, LLC. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed October 26, 2020 with the SEC). 
 4.7 Amended and Restated Common Stock Purchase Warrant, dated March 18, 2021, issued by the Registrant to Hadron Healthcare Master Fund (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.7 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed November 15, 2021 with the SEC). 
 4.8 Third Amended and Restated Promissory Note, dated April 1, 2021, in the principal amount of 3,211,653.84, issued by MariMed Hemp Inc. and the Registrant to SYYM LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed April 1, 2021 with the SEC). 
 4.9 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant, dated January 24, 2023, issued by the Registrant to the lenders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed January 24, 2023 with the SEC). 
 4.10 Form of Promissory Note, dated January 24, 2023, issued by the Registrant and the subsidiaries of the Registrant party thereto to Chicago Atlantic Credit Company, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed January 24, 2023 with the SEC). 
 10.1 Amended and Restated 2018 Stock Award and Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Appendix A of the Registrant's Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A, filed August 26, 2019 with the SEC). 
 10.1.1 Amendment to the Amended and Restated 2018 Stock Award and Incentive Plan, effective as of September 23, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7.1 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed November 15, 2021 with the SEC). 
 10.2 Form of Stock Option Agreement Granted under the Amended and Restated 2018 Stock Award and Incentive Plan, as amended, dated September 27, 2019, with each of David R. Allen, Eva Selhub, M.D., and Edward J. Gildea (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed November 29, 2019 with the SEC). 
 10.3 Amendment Agreement, dated as of February 10, 2020, between SYYM LLC, as noteholder and collateral agent, and t he Registrant and MariMed Hemp Inc., as co-borrowers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed February 12, 2020 with the SEC). 
 10.4 Exchange Agreement, dated as of February 27, 2020, among the Registrant, Navy Capital Green Management, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as discretionary investment manager of Navy Capital Green Fund, LP, and Navy Capital Green Co-Invest Fund, LLC. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed February 27, 2020 with the SEC). 
 10.5 Amendment Agreement dated June 24, 2020, between SYYM LLC, as noteholder and collateral agent, and the Registrant and MariMed Hemp Inc., as co-borrowers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed June 30, 2020 with the SEC). 
 10.6 Note Extension Agreement, effective as of September 30, 2020, among Best Buds Funding LLC, as lender, and each of the Registrant, Mari Holdings MD LLC, and MariMed Advisors Inc., as the borrower parties (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed October 26, 2020 with the SEC). 
 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit No. Description 10.7 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated March 1, 2021, between the Registrant and Hadron Healthcare Master Fund (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed March 2, 2021 with the SEC). 
 10.8 First Amendment to Securities Purchase Agreement, dated March 18, 2021, between the Registrant and Hadron Healthcare Master Fund (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed November 15, 2021 with the SEC). 
 10.9 Amendment Agreement dated April 1, 2021, between SYYM LLC, as noteholder and collateral agent, and the Registrant and MariMed Hemp, Inc., as co-borrowers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed April 1, 2021 with the SEC). 
 10.10 Form of Stock Option Agreement, dated July 9, 2021 Granted under the Amended and Restated 2018 Stock Award and Incentive Plan, as amended, dated July 9, 2021, with each of Robert Fireman, Jon R. Levine, and Timothy Shaw (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed November 15, 2021 with the SEC). 
 10.11 Form of Stock Option Agreement Granted under the Amended and Restated 2018 Stock Award and Incentive Plan, a amended, dated October 1, 2021, with each of Robert Fireman, Jon R. Levine, and Timothy Shaw (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed November 15, 2021 with the SEC). 
 10.12 Settlement Agreement and General Release, dated August 19, 2021, between the Registrant and Thomas Kidrin (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed November 15, 2021 with the SEC). 
 10.13 Membership Interest Purchase Agreement, dated December 31, 2021, between the Registrant and Jennifer DiPietro, Susan Zimmerman and Sophia Leonard-Burns (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed March 16, 2022 with the SEC). 
 10.14 Membership Interest Purchase Agreement, dated December 31, 2021, between MariMed Advisors Inc. and Jennifer DiPietro (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed March 16, 2022 with the SEC). 
 10.15 Stock Option Agreement, dated May 2, 2022, between the Registrant and Susan M. Villare (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 18, 2022 with the SEC). 
 10.16 Restricted Stock Agreement, dated May 2, 2022, between the Registrant and Susan M. Villare (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed May 18, 2022 with the SEC). 
 10.17 Second Amendment to Securities Purchase Agreement, dated August 4, 2022 by and between MariMed Inc. and Hadron Healthcare Master Fund (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed August 9, 2022 with the SEC). 
 10.18 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, effective as of February 28, 2023, between the Registrant and Jon R. Levine. 
 10.19 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, effective as of February 28, 2023, between the Registrant and Susan M. Villare. 
 10.20 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, effective as of February 28, 2023, between the Registrant and Timothy Shaw. 
 10.21 Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of January 24, 2023, by and among the Registrant, certain subsidiaries of the Registrant (the "Borrowers") from time-to-time party thereto, certain lenders from time-to-time party thereto (the "Lenders"), and Chicago Atlantic Admin, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company as administrative agent for the Lenders (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed January 24, 2023 with the SEC). 
 10.22 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the Amended and Restated 2018 Stock Award and Incentive P lan , as amended . 
 10.23 Form of Stock Option Agreement under the Amended and Restated 2018 Stock Award and Incentive Plan, as Amended. 
 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit No. Description 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 23.1 Consent of M K CPAS, PLLC, dated March 3. 2023 
 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
 32.1 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
 32.2 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 Filed herewith. 
 Furnished herewith in accordance with Item 601 (32)(ii) of Regulation S-K. 
 This exhibit is a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 HIDDEN IXBRL 
 0001522767 
 false 
 FY 
 _blank_ 
 3 
 4 
 3 
 4 
 3 
 5 
 5 
 _blank_ 
 3 
 3 
 4 
 _blank_ 
 P5Y 
 _blank_ 
 Balances 
 314,418,812 
 
 314,419 
 
 11,413 
 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 5,365 
 
 112,974,329 
 
 (104,616,538) 
 (577,139) 
 8,100,436 
 Balances 
 334,030,348 
 
 334,030 
 - 
 134,920,382 
 
 (97,392,017) 
 (1,563,382) 
 36,299,013 
 
 78 

<EX-10.18>
 2
 ex-1018levineemploymentagr.htm
 EX-10.18

Document 

February 28, 2023 

Jon R. Levine 
 MariMed Inc. 
 10 Oceana Way 
 Norwood, Massachusetts 02062 

RE Amended and Restated Employment Letter Agreement 
 
 Dear Jon 
 
 On behalf of MariMed Inc. (the Company or MariMed ), this letter (the Agreement sets forth the terms and conditions of your continued employment with the Company in the capacity of its Chief Executive Officer and President. This Agreement shall amend and supersede the Employment Agreement with the Company, effective as of July 1, 2021, as amended. 
 
 1. Duties . 
 
 a. During your employment hereunder, you will serve as the Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company. You will have such duties and responsibilities, consistent with past practice, as are customary for the position of Chief Executive Officer and President and any other duties, responsibilities, or offices you may be reasonably assigned by the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board ). You shall report to and be supervised by the Board. 
 
 b. During your employment hereunder, you will devote substantially all your attention and time during normal business hours to the business and affairs of the Company and will use your reasonable best efforts to perform faithfully and efficiently the duties and responsibilities of your positions and to accomplish the goals and objectives of the Company as may be established by the Board. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you may engage in the following activities (and shall be entitled to retain all economic benefits thereof, including fees paid in connection therewith) as long as they do not interfere in any material respect with the performance of the your duties and responsibilities hereunder (i) serve on corporate, civic, religious, educational and or charitable and other non-profit organizations boards or committees, provided that the you shall not serve on any board or committee of any corporation or other business that directly or indirectly competes with the Company (ii) make investments in businesses or enterprises and manage your personal investments and (iii) any other activity approved in 
 1 

writing by the Compensation Committee of the Board (the Compensation Committee provided that with respect to such activities, you shall comply with all business conduct and ethics policies applicable to employees of the Company. 
 
 c. During your employment hereunder, the Company agrees to nominate you to serve as a member of the Board, and you agree to serve in such capacity for no additional compensation other than as provided hereunder. Upon the termination of your employment hereunder for any reason, you agree to resign as a member of the Board, and from any other positions you may then hold with the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates, and that you will execute such documents and take such other action, if any, as may be requested by the Company to give effect to any such resignation. 
 
 2. Compensation . During your employment with the Company, you will be entitled to salary and bonus compensation as follows 
 
 a. Base Pay . Effective March 1, 2023, your base salary Base Pay will be at the annualized rate of 375,000, paid bi-weekly in accordance with the Company s normal practices. 
 
 b. Target Bonus . Effective January 1, 2023, subject to achievement of certain corporate and or individual objectives for the applicable year, your target annual bonus Annual Bonus shall equal sixty percent (60 of your Base Pay (the Target Bonus ). The Annual Bonus for each fiscal year will be based on the achievement of objectives determined by the Board or the Compensation Committee. If you and the Company both achieve superior performance with respect to such target goals established by the Compensation Committee, then you may be eligible to receive an Annual Bonus equal to one hundred twenty percent (120 of Base Pay (the Stretch Bonus ). Your Annual Bonus, if any, shall be paid as soon as reasonably practicable following the Company s public disclosure of its financial results for the applicable bonus period and the Board s or the Compensation Committee s approval of the bonus, subject to your continued employment with the Company through the date of such payment (except as otherwise set forth in any written agreement by and between the Company and you). 
 
 3. Benefits . During your employment with the Company, you will be entitled to the below described benefits. 
 
 a. You will be entitled to vacation consistent with Company policy and limitations. Based on your continued service date, you are presently eligible for six (6) weeks of paid-time-off per year under the Company s current paid-time-off policy. 
 
 b. You will be entitled to participate as an employee of the Company in all benefit plans and fringe benefits and perquisites generally provided to employees of the Company in accordance with Company policy. The Company has the right to change, add, or cease any particular benefit for its employees. 
 
 c. The Company will reimburse you for all reasonable travel, business development, meals, entertainment and other expenses incurred by you in connection with the performance of your duties and obligations on behalf of the Company. You will comply with such limitations and reporting requirements with respect to expenses as may be established by the Company from time to time and will promptly 
 2 

provide all appropriate and requested documentation in connection with such expenses. 
 
 d. If you are required by the Company to relocate your home or principal residence as a term and condition of your continued employment, you will be eligible for certain benefits (including, for example, relocation assistance and eligible expenses reimbursement) under the Company s then-applicable relocation policy. 
 
 4. Employment Relationship . No provision of this Agreement shall be construed to create an express or implied employment contract for a specific period of time. Employment at the Company is considered at will and either you or the Company may terminate the employment relationship at any time and for any reason. 
 
 5. Termination and Eligibility for Severance . You will be eligible to receive the termination and severance benefits set forth in this Section 5. 
 
 a. Accrued Benefits . Upon any termination of your employment, you will be paid (i) any and all earned and unpaid portion of your Base Pay through the Date of Termination (as defined below) (ii) any accrued but unused vacation pay owed to you in accordance with Company practices up to and including the Date of Termination and (iii) any allowable and unreimbursed business expenses incurred through the Date of Termination that are supported by appropriate documentation in accordance with the Company's applicable expense reimbursement policies. Hereafter, items (i) through (iii) in this Section 5(a) are referred to as Accrued Benefits.'' If termination of your employment is for any reason other than (A) by the Company without Cause (other than due to death or Disability (as defined below)) or (B) by you for Good Reason, you will be entitled to receive only the Accrued Benefits. 
 
 b. Severance Payment . Subject to Sections 5(c), 7 and 8 of the Agreement 
 
 (i) If the Company terminates your employment without Cause (other than as a result of your death or Disability) or if you terminate your employment with Good Reason, in each case, outside of the Change in Control Protection Period (as defined below), then, in addition to the Accrued Benefits, the Company will provide you the following severance and related post-termination benefits 
 
 (1) The Company shall, during the period beginning on the Date of Termination and ending on the twelve (12) month anniversary of the Date of Termination, pay to you an amount equal to (A) twelve (12) months of your Base Pay as in effect immediately prior to the Date of Termination (or in the case of termination by you with Good Reason due to material reduction in Base Pay and or Target Bonus, your Base Pay and or Target Bonus in effect immediately prior to such reduction, as applicable) (the Non-CIC Severance Payment (B) the aggregate sum of the Company's share of medical, dental and vision insurance premiums for you and your dependents for the twelve (12) month period commencing on the Date of Termination and ending on the first anniversary thereof as if you had remained employed and based on coverage as of immediately prior to termination (for the avoidance of doubt, if immediately prior to the termination of your employment you were required to contribute towards the cost of premiums as a condition of receiving such insurance, the payment hereunder will not cover any such contributions) (the Continued Benefit Payment (C) if termination of your employment occurs less than six months 
 3 

following the commencement of the fiscal year in which the Date of Termination occurs, an amount equal to the Target Bonus, prorated based on the number of days you worked during such fiscal year (the Pro Rata Bonus and (D) if termination of your employment occurs six months or later following the commencement of the fiscal year in which the Date of Termination occurs, an amount equal to the Target Bonus (the Full Bonus 
 
 (2) Unless explicit terms of an award agreement for an Equity Award (as defined below) are more favorable to you, each outstanding unvested Equity Award held by you immediately prior to the Date of Termination that is subject to vesting based solely upon your continuous service with the Company (collectively, Time-Based Equity Awards that would have vested during the twelve (12) month period following the Date of Termination had you remained employed shall remain outstanding and on the Severance Commencement Date (defined below), (I) if you have timely executed and not revoked the Release Agreement (as defined below), such Time-Based Equity Awards shall automatically vest and become exercisable (as applicable) immediately following the Revocation Period (as defined below), or (II) if you have not timely executed or have revoked the Release Agreement, such Time-Based Equity Awards will be forfeited for no consideration and 
 
 (3) (I) The Non-CIC Severance Payment shall be paid over the twelve (12) month period following the Date of Termination in accordance with the Company s normal payroll practices beginning on the first payroll date following the execution and delivery of the Release Agreement and expiration of the Revocation Period (such payroll date, the Severance Commencement Date ), and with the first installment, including any amounts that would have been paid had the Release Agreement been effective and irrevocable on the Date of Termination, (II) the Pro Rata Bonus or the Full Bonus, as applicable, shall be paid on the Severance Commencement Date, and (III) the Continued Benefit Payment shall be paid over the twelve (12) month period starting on the Severance Commencement Date, in each case, less applicable federal, state and other applicable withholdings. 
 
 (ii) If the Company terminates your employment without Cause (other than as a result of your death or Disability) or if you terminate your employment with Good Reason, in each case, during the Change in Control Protection Period, then, in addition to the Accrued Benefits, the Company will provide you the following severance and related post-termination benefits 
 
 (1) The Company shall pay to you a cash lump sum payment in an amount equal to (A) the sum of twenty-four (24) months of your Base Pay as in effect immediately prior to the Date of Termination and two (2) times your Target Bonus for the calendar year in which the Date of Termination occurs (or in the case of termination by you with Good Reason due to material reduction in Base Pay and or Target Bonus, your Base Pay and or Target Bonus in effect immediately prior to such reduction, as applicable) (the CIC Severance Payment ), (B) the aggregate sum of the Company's share of medical, dental and vision insurance premiums for you and your dependents for the twenty-four (24) month period commencing on the Date of Termination and ending on the first anniversary thereof as if you had remained employed and based on coverage as of immediately prior to termination (for the avoidance of doubt, if immediately prior to the termination of your employment you were required to contribute towards the cost of premiums as a condition of receiving such insurance, the payment hereunder will not cover any such contributions) CiC Continued Benefit Payment (C) if termination of 
 4 

your employment occurs less than six months following the commencement of the fiscal year in which the Date of Termination occurs, the Pro Rata Bonus and (D) if termination of your employment occurs six months or after the commencement of the fiscal year in which the Date of Termination occurs, the Full Bonus 
 
 (2) Unless the explicit terms of an award agreement for an Equity Award are more favorable to you, any unvested Equity Awards outstanding immediately prior to the Date of Termination shall automatically become fully vested and exercisable (as applicable) as of the Date of Termination. 
 
 (3) (I) the CIC Severance Payment shall be made in a lump sum on the Severance Commencement Date, (II) the Pro Rata Bonus or the Full Bonus, as applicable, shall be paid in a lump sum on the Severance Commencement Date and (III) the CiC Continued Benefit Payment shall be paid in lump sum on the Severance Commencement Date. 
 
 (ii) If your employment with the Company is terminated as a result of your death or Disability, then, in addition to the Accrued Benefits, the Company will pay to you, or your estate or representative, if applicable, the Pro Rata Bonus. 
 
 c. Release . Any amounts payable pursuant to Section 5(b)(i), Section 5(b)(ii) or Section 5(b)(iii), as applicable (collectively, the Severance Benefits ), shall be in lieu of notice or any other severance benefits to which you might otherwise be entitled from the Company. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Company's provision of the Severance Benefits will be contingent upon your timely execution and non-revocation (or that of your estate or legal representative) of a general waiver and release of claims agreement in a form to be provided by the Company (a Release Agreement ), subject to the terms set forth herein. You will have twenty-one (21) days (or, in the event that your termination of employment is in connection with an exit incentive or other employment termination program (as such phrase is defined in the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, as amended), forty-five (45) days) following your receipt of the Release Agreement to consider whether or not to accept it. If the Release Agreement is signed and delivered to the Company, you (or your estate or legal representative) will have seven (7) days from the date of delivery to revoke your acceptance of such agreement (the Revocation Period ). If you (or your estate or legal representative) do not timely execute or if you subsequently revoke the Release Agreement, you shall be required to pay to the Company, immediately upon demand therefor, the amount of any payments or benefits you (or your estate or legal representative) received in connection with any portion of Equity Awards that was eligible to vest pursuant to Section 5(b) (including, without limitation, proceeds received or realized by you from the sale or surrender of any shares underlying such Equity Awards in connection with applicable tax withholding). 
 
 (d) The provisions of this Section 5 shall supersede in their entirety any severance payment provisions in any severance plan, severance policy, severance program or other severance arrangement maintained by the Company or any of its affiliates (or any of their respective predecessors). The Company shall have no further obligation to you in the event of termination of your employment for any reason at any time, other than those obligations specifically set forth in this Section. 
 
 (e) Definitions 
 5 

i. Cause means termination of your employment by the Company upon the occurrence of any of the following (i) any intentional act by you or your omission that materially injures the reputation or business of the Company or any of its affiliates, or your own reputation (ii) your material violation of the Company s Code of Ethics, as may be amended from time to time, (iii) a material violation of any Company policy, agreement or procedure which is not cured (to the extent curable) within thirty (30) days following receipt of written notice of such violation, (iv) any material breach of this Agreement, (v) your neglect, failure or refusal to perform your duties under this Agreement, (vi) your commission of any act that has resulted in (or could reasonably be expected to result in) conviction of a felony or crime involving, in the good faith of the Company, fraud, dishonesty, or moral turpitude, or (vi) a breach of an obligation your engagement in any conduct, including any violation of applicable law, that may reasonably result in material and adverse injury to the business or reputation of the Company. The determination of whether a termination of your employment is for Cause shall be made by the Board (or its designee) in its sole discretion. 
 
 ii. Change in Control shall have the meaning set forth in the Incentive Award Plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Change in Control constitutes a payment or benefit event with respect to any payment or benefit hereunder that provides for the deferral of compensation that is subject to Section 409A, to the extent required to avoid the imposition of additional taxes under Section 409A, such transaction or event will not be deemed a Change in Control unless the transaction or event qualifies as a change in control event within the meaning of Section 409A. 
 
 iii. Change in Control Protection Period means the period beginning on the date of the consummation of the Change in Control and ending on the thirteen (13) month anniversary of such Change in Control. 
 
 iv. Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 
 v. Date of Termination means the date of termination of your employment for any reason. 
 
 vi. Disability means an illness (mental or physical) or incapacity, which results in you being unable to perform your duties as an employee of the Company for a period or combined periods of one hundred eighty (180) days, whether or not consecutive, in any twelve (12) month period. 
 
 vii. Equity Awards means all stock options, restricted stock units, performance stock units and such other equity-based awards granted pursuant to the Incentive Award Plan. For the avoidance of doubt, Equity Awards shall not include any cash or cash-based awards granted pursuant to the Incentive Award Plan. 
 
 viii. Good Reason means the occurrence of one or more of the following conditions without your prior written consent (A) a reduction in or failure to pay your then-effective Base Pay (excluding any such reduction in 
 6 

connection with across-the-board Base Pay reductions for all or substantially all similarly situated employees), Annual Bonus, or the benefits provided in Section 3 hereof (other than an immaterial failure to pay that is corrected within the applicable cure period) or (B) a material diminution in your authority, duties, or responsibilities for the Company or (C) the relocation of your primary place of employment to a location more than thirty (30) miles from your then-present work location, unless you and the Company mutually agree to relocate more than such distance from the then current location provided that you shall not have Good Reason unless and until (x) you give the Company written notice describing the occurrence of Good Reason within thirty (30) days after such occurrence first occurs, (y) such occurrence is not corrected by the Company within thirty (30) days after the Company s receipt of such notice, and (z) you terminate employment no later than thirty (30) days after the expiration of such thirty (30) day correction period. 
 
 ix. Incentive Award Plan means the MariMed Inc. Amended and Restated 2018 Stock Award and Incentive Plan, as amended (or any successor equity incentive plan of the Company). 
 
 6. Mitigation . You shall not be required to mitigate the amount of any payment or benefit provided for in Section 5 by seeking other employment or otherwise, nor shall the amount of any payment or benefit provided for in Section 5 be reduced by any compensation earned by you as the result of employment by another employer or by retirement benefits after the Date of Termination or otherwise, subject to Section 7 provided , however , that any loans, advances or other amounts owed by you to the Company may be offset by the Company and its affiliates against amounts payable to you under Section 5 to the greatest extent permitted by applicable law (subject to compliance with Code Section 409A, if applicable). 
 
 7. Restrictive Covenants and Other Conditions . You acknowledge and agree that you are a party to the Company s Confidential Information, Restrictive Covenant, and Invention Assignment Agreement, and such agreement remains in full force and effect (the Restrictive Covenant Agreement ). In the event of (a) your material breach of the Restrictive Covenant Agreement, (b) your engagement in any act or omission after the Date of Termination that would have constituted Cause under subsections (ii) through (iv), (xii) or (xiii) of the definition thereof (without regard for any cure periods therein) for termination of your employment had you remained employed after the Date of Termination, or (c) the Company s determination in good faith that facts or circumstances existed on the Date of Termination that, if known by the Company on the Date of Termination, would have constituted Cause, the Company shall be entitled to cease all payments and benefits pursuant to Section 5(b), all Equity Awards that vested pursuant to Section 5(b) and any shares of Company stock you received with respect thereto shall immediately be forfeited, without payment therefor, and you shall be required to pay to the Company, immediately upon demand therefor, the amount of any proceeds realized by you from the sale of any such shares. 
 
 8. Section 409A Tax Implications of Termination Payments . Any payments or benefits required to be provided under this Agreement that (subject to compliance with Code Section 409A, if applicable) shall be provided only after the date of your separation from service with the Company as defined under Section 409A of the Code and the regulations and guidance issued thereunder (collectively, Section 409A ). The 
 7 

following rules shall apply with respect to distribution of the payments and benefits, if any, to be provided to you under this Agreement 
 
 (a) To the extent applicable, this Agreement shall be interpreted in accordance with Section 409A. Each installment of the payments and benefits provided hereunder shall be treated as a separate payment for purposes of Section 409A. If and to the extent (i) any portion of any payment, compensation or other benefit provided to you pursuant to this Agreement in connection with your termination of employment constitutes nonqualified deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A and (ii) you are a specified employee as defined in Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, in each case as determined by the Company in accordance with its procedures, by which determinations you agree that you are bound, such portion of the payment, compensation or other benefit shall not be paid until the first business day that is six (6) months plus one (1) day or more after the date of separation from service (as determined under Section 409A) (the New Payment Date ), except such earlier date as Section 409A may then permit. The aggregate of any payments that otherwise would have been paid to you during the period between the date of separation from service and the New Payment Date shall be paid to you in a lump sum on such New Payment Date, and any remaining payments will be paid on their original schedule. 
 
 (b) The Company and its employees, agents and representatives make no representations or warranty and shall have no liability to you or any other person if any provisions of or payments, compensation or other benefits under this Agreement are determined to constitute nonqualified deferred compensation subject to Section 409A but do not satisfy the conditions of that section. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, in the event that following the Effective Date the Board determines that this Agreement may be subject to Section 409A, the Board may (but is not obligated to), without your consent, adopt such amendments to this Agreement or adopt other policies and procedures (including amendments, policies and procedures with retroactive effect), or take any other actions, that the Board determines are necessary or appropriate to (i) exempt this Agreement from Section 409A and or preserve the intended tax treatment of the benefits provided with respect to this Agreement or (ii) comply with the requirements of Section 409A and thereby avoid the application of any penalty taxes under Section 409A. 
 
 9. Section 280G . If any payment or benefit you would receive or retain under this Severance Agreement, when combined with any other payment or benefit you receive or retain in connection with a change in control event within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code and the regulations and guidance thereunder Section 280G ), would (a) constitute a parachute payment within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code, and (b) but for this Section 9, be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (the Excise Tax ), then such Payment shall be either payable in full or in such lesser amount as would result in no portion of the Payment being subject to the Excise Tax, whichever of the foregoing amounts, taking into account the applicable federal, state and local employment taxes, income taxes, and the Excise Tax, results in your receipt, on an after-tax basis, of the greater amount of the Payment notwithstanding that all or some portion of the Payment may be subject to the Excise Tax. All determinations required to be made under this Section 9, including whether and to what extent the Payment shall be reduced and the assumptions to be utilized in arriving at such determination, shall be made by a nationally recognized certified public accounting firm or consulting firm experience in matters regarding Section 280G of the Code as may be designated by the Company (the 280G Advisor ). The 280G Advisor shall provide detailed supporting calculations both to you and the Company at such time as is requested by the Company. All fees and expenses of the Accounting Firm shall be borne 
 8 

solely by the Company. Any final determination by the 280G Advisor shall be binding upon you and the Company. For purposes of making the calculations required by this Section 9, the 280G Advisor may make reasonable assumptions and approximations concerning applicable taxes and may rely on reasonable, good-faith interpretations concerning the application of Sections 280G and 4999 of the Code. 
 
 10. Withholding . The Company shall be entitled to withhold from any amounts payable under this Agreement any federal, state, local or foreign withholding or other taxes or charges that the Company is required to withhold. The Company shall be entitled to rely on an opinion or advice of counsel if any questions as to the amount or requirement of withholding arise. 
 
 11. Confidentiality . The Company considers the protection of its confidential information and proprietary materials to be very important. The Restrictive Covenant Agreement that you previously signed remains in full force and effect. 
 
 12. Indemnity . The Indemnity Agreement that you previously signed remains in full force and effect. 
 
 13. General . 
 
 a. This Agreement will constitute our entire agreement as to your employment by the Company and will supersede any prior agreements or understandings, whether in writing or oral, with respect to the subject matter hereof, other than with respect to any agreements between you and the Company with respect to confidential information, intellectual property, non-competition, non-solicitation, non-disparagement, nondisclosure of proprietary information, inventions and injunctive relief provided, that Section 13(f) supersedes and replaces any prior dispute resolution provisions in any other prior agreement between you and the Company. 
 
 b. This Agreement may be executed in more than one counterpart, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, and all such counterparts together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 
 
 c. The provisions of this Agreement are severable and if any one or more provisions may be determined to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall nevertheless be binding and enforceable. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if there are any conflicts between the terms of this Agreement and the terms of any equity plan document referred to in this Agreement, then the terms of this Agreement shall govern and control. Except as modified hereby, this Agreement shall remain unmodified and in full force and effect. 
 
 d. This Agreement is personal in nature and neither of the parties hereto shall, without the written consent of the other, assign or otherwise transfer this Agreement or its obligations, duties, and rights under this Agreement provided, however, that in the event of a merger, consolidation, transfer or sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, this Agreement shall, subject to the provisions hereof, be binding upon and inure to the benefit of such successor and such successor shall discharge and perform all of the promises, covenants, duties, and obligations of the Company hereunder. 
 9 

e. All notices shall be in writing and shall be delivered personally (including by courier), sent by facsimile transmission (with appropriate documented receipt thereof), by overnight receipted courier service (such as UPS or Federal Express) or sent by certified, registered, or express mail, postage prepaid, to the Company at the following address MariMed Inc., 10 Oceana Way, Norwood, Massachusetts 02062, Attention Chief Financial Officer, and to you at the most current address we have in your employment file. Any such notice shall be deemed given when so delivered personally, or if sent by facsimile transmission, when transmitted, or, if by certified, registered, or express mail, postage prepaid mailed, forty-eight (48) hours after the date of deposit in the mail. Any party may, by notice given in accordance with this paragraph to the other party, designate another address or person for receipt of notices hereunder. 
 
 f. Arbitration . 
 
 i. Any controversy, dispute or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the breach hereof which cannot be settled by mutual agreement will be finally settled by binding arbitration in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, under the jurisdiction of the American Arbitration Association or other mutually agreeable alternative arbitration dispute resolution service, before a single arbitrator appointed in accordance with the arbitration rules of the American Arbitration Association or other selected service, modified only as herein expressly provided. The arbitrator may enter a default decision against any party who fails to participate in the arbitration proceedings. 
 
 ii. The decision of the arbitrator on the points in dispute will be final, non-appealable and binding, and judgment on the award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. 
 
 iii. The fees and expenses of the arbitrator will be shared equally by the parties, and each party will bear the fees and expenses of its own attorney provided that, to the extent the arbitrator determines you have prevailed on at least one material issue involved in any dispute commencing during the Change in Control Protection Period, the Company shall reimburse you for all reasonable attorneys fees in connection with such Dispute. 
 
 iv. The parties agree that this Section 13(f) has been included to resolve any disputes between them with respect to this Agreement, and that this Section 13(f) will be grounds for dismissal of any court action commenced by either party with respect to this Agreement, other than post-arbitration actions seeking to enforce an arbitration award or actions seeking an injunction or temporary restraining order. In the event that any court determines that this arbitration procedure is not binding, or otherwise allows any litigation regarding a dispute, claim, or controversy covered by this Agreement to proceed, the parties hereto hereby waive, to the maximum extent allowed by law, any and all right to a trial by jury in or with respect to such litigation. 
 
 10 

v.The parties will keep confidential, and will not disclose to any person, except as may be required by law or the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission or other government agencies, the existence of any controversy hereunder, the referral of any such controversy to arbitration or the status or resolution thereof. 
 
 g. This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, without regard to the conflict of laws provisions thereof. 
 
 h. All terms of this Agreement, which by their nature extend beyond its termination, will remain in effect until fulfilled and apply to the parties respective successors and assigns. 
 
 14. Acceptance . You may accept the terms and conditions described herein by confirming your acceptance in writing. Please send you countersignature to this Agreement to the Company, or via e-mail to me, which execution will evidence your agreement with the terms and conditions set forth herein. 

Sincerely, 

_____________________ 
 Edward Gildea, Chairman, 
 Compensation Committee 

ACCEPTED BY 

_____________________ 
 Jon R. Levine 
 Chief Executive Officer and President 
 Date February 28, 2023 
 11 

</EX-10.18>

<EX-10.19>
 3
 ex-1019villareemploymentag.htm
 EX-10.19

Document 

February 28, 2023 

Susan M. Villare 
 MariMed Inc. 
 10 Oceana Way 
 Norwood, Massachusetts 02062 

RE Amended and Restated Employment Letter Agreement 
 
 Dear Susan 
 
 On behalf of MariMed Inc. (the Company or MariMed ), this letter (the Agreement sets forth the terms and conditions of your continued employment with the Company in the capacity of its Chief Financial Officer. This Agreement shall amend and supersede any current agreement or arrangement between you and the Company. 
 
 1. Duties . 
 
 a. During your employment hereunder, you will serve as the Chief Financial Officer of the Company. You will have such duties and responsibilities, consistent with past practice, as are customary for the position of Chief Financial Officer and any other duties, responsibilities or offices you may be reasonably assigned by the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. You shall report to and be supervised by the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. 
 
 b. During your employment hereunder, you will devote substantially all your attention and time during normal business hours to the business and affairs of the Company and will use your reasonable best efforts to perform faithfully and efficiently the duties and responsibilities of your positions and to accomplish the goals and objectives of the Company as may be established by the Board. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you may engage in the following activities (and shall be entitled to retain all economic benefits thereof, including fees paid in connection therewith) as long as they do not interfere in any material respect with the performance of the your duties and responsibilities hereunder (i) serve on corporate, civic, religious, educational and or charitable and other non-profit organizations boards or committees, provided that the you shall not serve on any board or committee of any corporation or other business that directly or indirectly competes with the Company (ii) make investments in businesses or enterprises 
 1 

and manage your personal investments and (iii) any other activity approved in writing by the Compensation Committee of the Board (the Compensation Committee provided that with respect to such activities, you shall comply with all business conduct and ethics policies applicable to employees of the Company. 
 
 2. Compensation . During your employment with the Company, you will be entitled to salary and bonus compensation as follows 
 
 a. Base Pay . Effective March 1, 2023, your base salary Base Pay will be at the annualized rate of 300,000, paid bi-weekly in accordance with the Company s normal practices. 
 
 b. Target Bonus . Effective January 1, 2023, subject to achievement of certain corporate and or individual objectives for the applicable year, your target annual bonus Annual Bonus shall equal sixty percent (60 of your Base Pay (the Target Bonus ). The Annual Bonus for each fiscal year will be based on the achievement of objectives determined by the Board or the Compensation Committee. If you and the Company both achieve superior performance with respect to such target goals established by the Compensation Committee, then you may be eligible to receive an Annual Bonus equal to one hundred twenty percent (120 of Base Pay (the Stretch Bonus ). Your Annual Bonus, if any, shall be paid as soon as reasonably practicable following the Company s public disclosure of its financial results for the applicable bonus period and the Board s or the Compensation Committee s approval of the bonus, subject to your continued employment with the Company through the date of such payment (except as otherwise set forth in any written agreement by and between the Company and you). 
 
 3. Benefits . During your employment with the Company, you will be entitled to the below described benefits. 
 
 a. You will be entitled to vacation consistent with Company policy and limitations. Based on your continued service date, you are presently eligible for four (4) weeks of paid-time-off per year under the Company s current paid-time-off policy. 
 
 b. You will be entitled to participate as an employee of the Company in all benefit plans and fringe benefits and perquisites generally provided to employees of the Company in accordance with Company policy. The Company has the right to change, add, or cease any particular benefit for its employees. 
 
 c. The Company will reimburse you for all reasonable travel, business development, meals, entertainment and other expenses incurred by you in connection with the performance of your duties and obligations on behalf of the Company. You will comply with such limitations and reporting requirements with respect to expenses as may be established by the Company from time to time and will promptly provide all appropriate and requested documentation in connection with such expenses. 
 
 d. If you are required by the Company to relocate your home or principal residence as a term and condition of your continued employment, you will be eligible for certain benefits (including, for example, relocation assistance and eligible expenses reimbursement) under the Company s then-applicable relocation policy. 
 2 

4. Employment Relationship . No provision of this Agreement shall be construed to create an express or implied employment contract for a specific period of time. Employment at the Company is considered at will and either you or the Company may terminate the employment relationship at any time and for any reason. 
 
 5. Termination and Eligibility for Severance . You will be eligible to receive the termination and severance benefits set forth in this Section 5. 
 
 a. Accrued Benefits . Upon any termination of your employment, you will be paid (i) any and all earned and unpaid portion of your Base Pay through the Date of Termination (as defined below) (ii) any accrued but unused vacation pay owed to you in accordance with Company practices up to and including the Date of Termination and (iii) any allowable and unreimbursed business expenses incurred through the Date of Termination that are supported by appropriate documentation in accordance with the Company's applicable expense reimbursement policies. Hereafter, items (i) through (iii) in this Section 5(a) are referred to as Accrued Benefits. If termination of your employment is for any reason other than (A) by the Company without Cause (other than due to death or Disability (as defined below)) or (B) by you for Good Reason, you will be entitled to receive only the Accrued Benefits. 
 
 b. Severance Payment . Subject to Sections 5(c), 7 and 8 of the Agreement 
 
 (i) If the Company terminates your employment without Cause (other than as a result of your death or Disability) or if you terminate your employment with Good Reason, in each case, outside of the Change in Control Protection Period (as defined below), then, in addition to the Accrued Benefits, the Company will provide you the following severance and related post-termination benefits 
 
 (1) The Company shall, during the period beginning on the Date of Termination and ending on the twelve (12) month anniversary of the Date of Termination, pay to you an amount equal to (A) twelve (12) months of your Base Pay as in effect immediately prior to the Date of Termination (or in the case of termination by you with Good Reason due to material reduction in Base Pay and or Target Bonus, your Base Pay and or Target Bonus in effect immediately prior to such reduction, as applicable) (the Non-CIC Severance Payment (B) the aggregate sum of the Company's share of medical, dental and vision insurance premiums for you and your dependents for the twelve (12) month period commencing on the Date of Termination and ending on the first anniversary thereof as if you had remained employed and based on coverage as of immediately prior to termination (for the avoidance of doubt, if immediately prior to the termination of your employment you were required to contribute towards the cost of premiums as a condition of receiving such insurance, the payment hereunder will not cover any such contributions) (the Continued Benefit Payment (C) if termination of your employment occurs less than six months following the commencement of the fiscal year in which the Date of Termination occurs, an amount equal to the Target Bonus, prorated based on the number of days you worked during such fiscal year (the Pro Rata Bonus and (D) if termination of your employment occurs six months or later following the commencement of the fiscal year in which the Date of Termination occurs, an amount equal to the Target Bonus (the Full Bonus 
 
 3 

(2) Unless explicit terms of an award agreement for an Equity Award (as defined below) are more favorable to you, each outstanding unvested Equity Award held by you immediately prior to the Date of Termination that is subject to vesting based solely upon your continuous service with the Company (collectively, Time-Based Equity Awards that would have vested during the twelve (12) month period following the Date of Termination had you remained employed shall remain outstanding and on the Severance Commencement Date (defined below), (I) if you have timely executed and not revoked the Release Agreement (as defined below), such Time-Based Equity Awards shall automatically vest and become exercisable (as applicable) immediately following the Revocation Period (as defined below), or (II) if you have not timely executed or have revoked the Release Agreement, such Time-Based Equity Awards will be forfeited for no consideration and 
 
 (3) (I) The Non-CIC Severance Payment shall be paid over the twelve (12) month period following the Date of Termination in accordance with the Company s normal payroll practices beginning on the first payroll date following the execution and delivery of the Release Agreement and expiration of the Revocation Period (such payroll date, the Severance Commencement Date ), and with the first installment, including any amounts that would have been paid had the Release Agreement been effective and irrevocable on the Date of Termination, (II) the Pro Rata Bonus or the Full Bonus, as applicable, shall be paid on the Severance Commencement Date, and (III) the Continued Benefit Payment shall be paid over the twelve (12) month period starting on the Severance Commencement Date, in each case, less applicable federal, state and other applicable withholdings. 
 
 (ii) If the Company terminates your employment without Cause (other than as a result of your death or Disability) or if you terminate your employment with Good Reason, in each case, during the Change in Control Protection Period, then, in addition to the Accrued Benefits, the Company will provide you the following severance and related post-termination benefits 
 
 (1) The Company shall pay to you a cash lump sum payment in an amount equal to (A) the sum of twenty-four (24) months of your Base Pay as in effect immediately prior to the Date of Termination and two (2) times your Target Bonus for the calendar year in which the Date of Termination occurs (or in the case of termination by you with Good Reason due to material reduction in Base Pay and or Target Bonus, your Base Pay and or Target Bonus in effect immediately prior to such reduction, as applicable) (the CIC Severance Payment ), (B) the aggregate sum of the Company's share of medical, dental and vision insurance premiums for you and your dependents for the twenty-four (24) month period commencing on the Date of Termination and ending on the first anniversary thereof as if you had remained employed and based on coverage as of immediately prior to termination (for the avoidance of doubt, if immediately prior to the termination of your employment you were required to contribute towards the cost of premiums as a condition of receiving such insurance, the payment hereunder will not cover any such contributions) CiC Continued Benefit Payment (C) if termination of your employment occurs less than six months following the commencement of the fiscal year in which the Date of Termination occurs, the Pro Rata Bonus and (D) if termination of your employment occurs six months or after the commencement of the fiscal year in which the Date of Termination occurs, the Full Bonus 
 
 (2) Unless the explicit terms of an award agreement for an Equity Award are more favorable to you, any unvested Equity Awards outstanding immediately prior to the 
 4 

Date of Termination shall automatically become fully vested and exercisable (as applicable) as of the Date of Termination. 
 
 (3) (I) the CIC Severance Payment shall be made in a lump sum on the Severance Commencement Date, (II) the Pro Rata Bonus or the Full Bonus, as applicable, shall be paid in a lump sum on the Severance Commencement Date and (III) the CiC Continued Benefit Payment shall be paid in lump sum on the Severance Commencement Date. 
 
 (iii) If your employment with the Company is terminated as a result of your death or Disability, then, in addition to the Accrued Benefits, the Company will pay to you, or your estate or representative, if applicable, the Pro Rata Bonus. 
 
 c. Release . Any amounts payable pursuant to Section 5(b)(i), Section 5(b)(ii) or Section 5(b)(iii), as applicable (collectively, the Severance Benefits ), shall be in lieu of notice or any other severance benefits to which you might otherwise be entitled from the Company. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Company's provision of the Severance Benefits will be contingent upon your timely execution and non-revocation (or that of your estate or legal representative) of a general waiver and release of claims agreement in a form to be provided by the Company (a Release Agreement ), subject to the terms set forth herein. You will have twenty-one (21) days (or, in the event that your termination of employment is in connection with an exit incentive or other employment termination program (as such phrase is defined in the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, as amended), forty-five (45) days) following your receipt of the Release Agreement to consider whether or not to accept it. If the Release Agreement is signed and delivered to the Company, you (or your estate or legal representative) will have seven (7) days from the date of delivery to revoke your acceptance of such agreement (the Revocation Period ). If you (or your estate or legal representative) do not timely execute or if you subsequently revoke the Release Agreement, you shall be required to pay to the Company, immediately upon demand therefor, the amount of any payments or benefits you (or your estate or legal representative) received in connection with any portion of Equity Awards that was eligible to vest pursuant to Section 5(b) (including, without limitation, proceeds received or realized by you from the sale or surrender of any shares underlying such Equity Awards in connection with applicable tax withholding). 
 
 d. The provisions of this Section 5 shall supersede in their entirety any severance payment provisions in any severance plan, severance policy, severance program or other severance arrangement maintained by the Company or any of its affiliates (or any of their respective predecessors). The Company shall have no further obligation to you in the event of termination of your employment for any reason at any time, other than those obligations specifically set forth in this Section 5. 
 
 e. Definitions 
 
 i. Cause means termination of your employment by the Company upon the occurrence of any of the following (i) any intentional act by you or your omission that materially injures the reputation or business of the Company or any of its affiliates, or your own reputation (ii) your material violation of the Company s Code of Ethics, as may be amended from time to time, 
 5 

(iii) a material violation of any Company policy, agreement or procedure which is not cured (to the extent curable) within thirty (30) days following receipt of written notice of such violation, (iv) any material breach of this Agreement, (v) your neglect, failure or refusal to perform your duties under this Agreement, (vi) your commission of any act that has resulted in (or could reasonably be expected to result in) conviction of a felony or crime involving, in the good faith of the Company, fraud, dishonesty, or moral turpitude, or (vi) a breach of an obligation your engagement in any conduct, including any violation of applicable law, that may reasonably result in material and adverse injury to the business or reputation of the Company. The determination of whether a termination of your employment is for Cause shall be made by the Board (or its designee) in its sole discretion. 
 
 ii. Change in Control shall have the meaning set forth in the Incentive Award Plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Change in Control constitutes a payment or benefit event with respect to any payment or benefit hereunder that provides for the deferral of compensation that is subject to Section 409A, to the extent required to avoid the imposition of additional taxes under Section 409A, such transaction or event will not be deemed a Change in Control unless the transaction or event qualifies as a change in control event within the meaning of Section 409A. 
 
 iii. Change in Control Protection Period means the period beginning on the date of the consummation of the Change in Control and ending on the thirteen (13) month anniversary of such Change in Control. 
 
 iv. Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 
 v. Date of Termination means the date of termination of your employment for any reason. 
 
 vi. Disability means an illness (mental or physical) or incapacity, which results in you being unable to perform your duties as an employee of the Company for a period or combined periods of one hundred eighty (180) days, whether or not consecutive, in any twelve (12) month period. 
 
 vii. Equity Awards means all stock options, restricted stock units, performance stock units and such other equity-based awards granted pursuant to the Incentive Award Plan. For the avoidance of doubt, Equity Awards shall not include any cash or cash-based awards granted pursuant to the Incentive Award Plan. 
 
 viii. Good Reason means the occurrence of one or more of the following conditions without your prior written consent (A) a reduction in or failure to pay your then-effective Base Pay (excluding any such reduction in connection with across-the-board Base Pay reductions for all or substantially all similarly situated employees), Annual Bonus, or the benefits provided in Section 3 hereof (other than an immaterial failure to pay that is corrected within the applicable cure period) or (B) a material diminution in your authority, duties, or responsibilities for the Company or (C) the relocation of your primary place of employment to a location 
 6 

more than thirty (30) miles from your then-present work location, unless you and the Company mutually agree to relocate more than such distance from the then current location provided that you shall not have Good Reason unless and until (x) you give the Company written notice describing the occurrence of Good Reason within thirty (30) days after such occurrence first occurs, (y) such occurrence is not corrected by the Company within thirty (30) days after the Company s receipt of such notice, and (z) you terminate employment no later than thirty (30) days after the expiration of such thirty (30) day correction period. 
 
 ix. Incentive Award Plan means the MariMed Inc. Amended and Restated 2018 Stock Award and Incentive Plan, as amended (or any successor equity incentive plan of the Company). 
 
 6. Mitigation . You shall not be required to mitigate the amount of any payment or benefit provided for in Section 5 by seeking other employment or otherwise, nor shall the amount of any payment or benefit provided for in Section 5 be reduced by any compensation earned by you as the result of employment by another employer or by retirement benefits after the Date of Termination or otherwise, subject to Section 7 provided , however , that any loans, advances or other amounts owed by you to the Company may be offset by the Company and its affiliates against amounts payable to you under Section 5 to the greatest extent permitted by applicable law (subject to compliance with Code Section 409A, if applicable). 
 
 7. Restrictive Covenants and Other Conditions . You acknowledge and agree that you are a party to the Company s Confidential Information, Restrictive Covenant, and Invention Assignment Agreement, and such agreement remains in full force and effect (the Restrictive Covenant Agreement ). In the event of (a) your material breach of the Restrictive Covenant Agreement, (b) your engagement in any act or omission after the Date of Termination that would have constituted Cause under subsections (ii) through (iv), (xii) or (xiii) of the definition thereof (without regard for any cure periods therein) for termination of your employment had you remained employed after the Date of Termination, or (c) the Company s determination in good faith that facts or circumstances existed on the Date of Termination that, if known by the Company on the Date of Termination, would have constituted Cause, the Company shall be entitled to cease all payments and benefits pursuant to Section 5(b), all Equity Awards that vested pursuant to Section 5(b) and any shares of Company stock you received with respect thereto shall immediately be forfeited, without payment therefor, and you shall be required to pay to the Company, immediately upon demand therefor, the amount of any proceeds realized by you from the sale of any such shares. 
 
 8. Section 409A Tax Implications of Termination Payments . Any payments or benefits required to be provided under this Agreement that (subject to compliance with Code Section 409A, if applicable) shall be provided only after the date of your separation from service with the Company as defined under Section 409A of the Code and the regulations and guidance issued thereunder (collectively, Section 409A ). The following rules shall apply with respect to distribution of the payments and benefits, if any, to be provided to you under this Agreement 
 
 (a) To the extent applicable, this Agreement shall be interpreted in accordance with Section 409A. Each installment of the payments and benefits provided hereunder shall be treated as a separate payment for purposes of Section 409A. If and to the extent (i) any portion of any payment, compensation or other benefit provided to you pursuant to this Agreement in connection with your termination of employment 
 7 

constitutes nonqualified deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A and (ii) you are a specified employee as defined in Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, in each case as determined by the Company in accordance with its procedures, by which determinations you agree that you are bound, such portion of the payment, compensation or other benefit shall not be paid until the first business day that is six (6) months plus one (1) day or more after the date of separation from service (as determined under Section 409A) (the New Payment Date ), except such earlier date as Section 409A may then permit. The aggregate of any payments that otherwise would have been paid to you during the period between the date of separation from service and the New Payment Date shall be paid to you in a lump sum on such New Payment Date, and any remaining payments will be paid on their original schedule. 
 
 (b) The Company and its employees, agents and representatives make no representations or warranty and shall have no liability to you or any other person if any provisions of or payments, compensation or other benefits under this Agreement are determined to constitute nonqualified deferred compensation subject to Section 409A but do not satisfy the conditions of that section. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, in the event that following the Effective Date the Board determines that this Agreement may be subject to Section 409A, the Board may (but is not obligated to), without your consent, adopt such amendments to this Agreement or adopt other policies and procedures (including amendments, policies and procedures with retroactive effect), or take any other actions, that the Board determines are necessary or appropriate to (i) exempt this Agreement from Section 409A and or preserve the intended tax treatment of the benefits provided with respect to this Agreement or (ii) comply with the requirements of Section 409A and thereby avoid the application of any penalty taxes under Section 409A. 
 
 9. Section 280G . If any payment or benefit you would receive or retain under this Severance Agreement, when combined with any other payment or benefit you receive or retain in connection with a change in control event within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code and the regulations and guidance thereunder Section 280G ), would (a) constitute a parachute payment within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code, and (b) but for this Section 9, be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (the Excise Tax ), then such Payment shall be either payable in full or in such lesser amount as would result in no portion of the Payment being subject to the Excise Tax, whichever of the foregoing amounts, taking into account the applicable federal, state and local employment taxes, income taxes, and the Excise Tax, results in your receipt, on an after-tax basis, of the greater amount of the Payment notwithstanding that all or some portion of the Payment may be subject to the Excise Tax. All determinations required to be made under this Section 9, including whether and to what extent the Payment shall be reduced and the assumptions to be utilized in arriving at such determination, shall be made by a nationally recognized certified public accounting firm or consulting firm experience in matters regarding Section 280G of the Code as may be designated by the Company (the 280G Advisor ). The 280G Advisor shall provide detailed supporting calculations both to you and the Company at such time as is requested by the Company. All fees and expenses of the Accounting Firm shall be borne solely by the Company. Any final determination by the 280G Advisor shall be binding upon you and the Company. For purposes of making the calculations required by this Section 9, the 280G Advisor may make reasonable assumptions and approximations concerning applicable taxes and may rely on reasonable, good-faith interpretations concerning the application of Sections 280G and 4999 of the Code. 
 
 10. Withholding . The Company shall be entitled to withhold from any amounts payable under this Agreement any federal, state, local or foreign withholding or other taxes or 
 8 

charges that the Company is required to withhold. The Company shall be entitled to rely on an opinion or advice of counsel if any questions as to the amount or requirement of withholding arise. 
 
 11. Confidentiality . The Company considers the protection of its confidential information and proprietary materials to be very important. The Restrictive Covenant Agreement that you previously signed remains in full force and effect. 
 
 12. Indemnity . The Indemnity Agreement that you previously signed remains in full force and effect. 
 
 13. General . 
 
 a. This Agreement will constitute our entire agreement as to your employment by the Company and will supersede any prior agreements or understandings, whether in writing or oral, with respect to the subject matter hereof, other than with respect to any agreements between you and the Company with respect to confidential information, intellectual property, non-competition, non-solicitation, non-disparagement, nondisclosure of proprietary information, inventions and injunctive relief provided, that Section 13(f) supersedes and replaces any prior dispute resolution provisions in any other prior agreement between you and the Company. 
 
 b. This Agreement may be executed in more than one counterpart, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, and all such counterparts together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 
 
 c. The provisions of this Agreement are severable and if any one or more provisions may be determined to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall nevertheless be binding and enforceable. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if there are any conflicts between the terms of this Agreement and the terms of any equity plan document referred to in this Agreement, then the terms of this Agreement shall govern and control. Except as modified hereby, this Agreement shall remain unmodified and in full force and effect. 
 
 d. This Agreement is personal in nature and neither of the parties hereto shall, without the written consent of the other, assign or otherwise transfer this Agreement or its obligations, duties, and rights under this Agreement provided, however, that in the event of a merger, consolidation, transfer or sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, this Agreement shall, subject to the provisions hereof, be binding upon and inure to the benefit of such successor and such successor shall discharge and perform all of the promises, covenants, duties, and obligations of the Company hereunder. 
 
 e. All notices shall be in writing and shall be delivered personally (including by courier), sent by facsimile transmission (with appropriate documented receipt thereof), by overnight receipted courier service (such as UPS or Federal Express) or sent by certified, registered, or express mail, postage prepaid, to the Company at the following address MariMed Inc., 10 Oceana Way, Norwood, Massachusetts 02062, Attention Chief Financial Officer, and to you at the most current address we have in your employment file. Any such notice shall be 
 9 

deemed given when so delivered personally, or if sent by facsimile transmission, when transmitted, or, if by certified, registered, or express mail, postage prepaid mailed, forty-eight (48) hours after the date of deposit in the mail. Any party may, by notice given in accordance with this paragraph to the other party, designate another address or person for receipt of notices hereunder. 
 
 f. Arbitration . 
 
 i. Any controversy, dispute or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the breach hereof which cannot be settled by mutual agreement will be finally settled by binding arbitration in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, under the jurisdiction of the American Arbitration Association or other mutually agreeable alternative arbitration dispute resolution service, before a single arbitrator appointed in accordance with the arbitration rules of the American Arbitration Association or other selected service, modified only as herein expressly provided. The arbitrator may enter a default decision against any party who fails to participate in the arbitration proceedings. 
 
 ii. The decision of the arbitrator on the points in dispute will be final, non-appealable and binding, and judgment on the award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. 
 
 iii. The fees and expenses of the arbitrator will be shared equally by the parties, and each party will bear the fees and expenses of its own attorney provided that, to the extent the arbitrator determines you have prevailed on at least one material issue involved in any dispute commencing during the Change in Control Protection Period, the Company shall reimburse you for all reasonable attorneys fees in connection with such Dispute. 
 
 iv. The parties agree that this Section 13(f) has been included to resolve any disputes between them with respect to this Agreement, and that this Section 13(f) will be grounds for dismissal of any court action commenced by either party with respect to this Agreement, other than post-arbitration actions seeking to enforce an arbitration award or actions seeking an injunction or temporary restraining order. In the event that any court determines that this arbitration procedure is not binding, or otherwise allows any litigation regarding a dispute, claim, or controversy covered by this Agreement to proceed, the parties hereto hereby waive, to the maximum extent allowed by law, any and all right to a trial by jury in or with respect to such litigation. 
 
 v.The parties will keep confidential, and will not disclose to any person, except as may be required by law or the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission or other government agencies, the existence of any controversy hereunder, the referral of any such controversy to arbitration or the status or resolution thereof. 
 
 g. This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, without regard to the conflict of laws provisions thereof. 
 10 

h. All terms of this Agreement, which by their nature extend beyond its termination, will remain in effect until fulfilled and apply to the parties respective successors and assigns. 
 
 14. Acceptance . You may accept the terms and conditions described herein by confirming your acceptance in writing. Please send you countersignature to this Agreement to the Company, or via e-mail to me, which execution will evidence your agreement with the terms and conditions set forth herein. 

Sincerely, 

s Edward Gildea 
 Edward Gildea 
 Chairman, Compensation Committee 

ACCEPTED BY 

s Susan M. Villare 
 Susan M. Villare 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 Date February 27, 2023 

11 

</EX-10.19>

<EX-10.20>
 4
 ex-1020shawemploymentagree.htm
 EX-10.20

Document 

February 28, 2023 

Timothy Shaw 
 MariMed Inc. 
 10 Oceana Way 
 Norwood, Massachusetts 02062 

RE Amended and Restated Employment Letter Agreement 
 
 Dear Timothy 
 
 On behalf of MariMed Inc. (the Company or MariMed ), this letter (the Agreement sets forth the terms and conditions of your continued employment with the Company in the capacity of its Chief Operating Officer. This Agreement shall amend and supersede the Employment Agreement with the Company, effective as of July 1, 2021, as amended. 
 
 1. Duties . 
 
 a. During your employment hereunder, you will serve as the Chief Operating Officer of the Company. You will have such duties and responsibilities, consistent with past practice, as are customary for the position of Chief Operating Officer and any other duties, responsibilities or offices you may be reasonably assigned by the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. You shall report to and be supervised by the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. 
 
 b. During your employment hereunder, you will devote substantially all your attention and time during normal business hours to the business and affairs of the Company and will use your reasonable best efforts to perform faithfully and efficiently the duties and responsibilities of your positions and to accomplish the goals and objectives of the Company as may be established by the Board. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you may engage in the following activities (and shall be entitled to retain all economic benefits thereof, including fees paid in connection therewith) as long as they do not interfere in any material respect with the performance of the your duties and responsibilities hereunder (i) serve on corporate, civic, religious, educational and or charitable and other non-profit organizations boards or committees, provided that the you shall not serve on any board or committee of any corporation or other business that directly or indirectly competes with the Company (ii) make investments in businesses or enterprises and manage your personal investments and (iii) any other activity approved in writing by the Compensation Committee of the Board (the Compensation Committee provided that with respect to such activities, you shall comply with all business conduct and ethics policies applicable to employees of the Company. 

2. Compensation . During your employment with the Company, you will be entitled to salary and bonus compensation as follows 
 
 a. Base Pay . Effective March 1, 2023, your base salary Base Pay will be at the annualized rate of 325,000, paid bi-weekly in accordance with the Company s normal practices. 
 
 b. Target Bonus . Effective January 1, 2023, subject to achievement of certain corporate and or individual objectives for the applicable year, your target annual bonus Annual Bonus shall equal sixty percent (60 of your Base Pay (the Target Bonus ). The Annual Bonus for each fiscal year will be based on the achievement of objectives determined by the Board or the Compensation Committee. If you and the Company both achieve superior performance with respect to such target goals established by the Compensation Committee, then you may be eligible to receive an Annual Bonus equal to one hundred twenty percent (120 of Base Pay (the Stretch Bonus ). Your Annual Bonus, if any, shall be paid as soon as reasonably practicable following the Company s public disclosure of its financial results for the applicable bonus period and the Board s or the Compensation Committee s approval of the bonus, subject to your continued employment with the Company through the date of such payment (except as otherwise set forth in any written agreement by and between the Company and you). 
 
 3. Benefits . During your employment with the Company, you will be entitled to the below described benefits. 
 
 a. You will be entitled to vacation consistent with Company policy and limitations. Based on your continued service date, you are presently eligible for five (5) weeks of paid-time-off per year under the Company s current paid-time-off policy. 
 
 b. You will be entitled to participate as an employee of the Company in all benefit plans and fringe benefits and perquisites generally provided to employees of the Company in accordance with Company policy. The Company has the right to change, add, or cease any particular benefit for its employees. 
 
 c. The Company will reimburse you for all reasonable travel, business development, meals, entertainment and other expenses incurred by you in connection with the performance of your duties and obligations on behalf of the Company. You will comply with such limitations and reporting requirements with respect to expenses as may be established by the Company from time to time and will promptly provide all appropriate and requested documentation in connection with such expenses. 
 
 d. If you are required by the Company to relocate your home or principal residence as a term and condition of your continued employment, you will be eligible for 
 2 

certain benefits (including, for example, relocation assistance and eligible expenses reimbursement) under the Company s then-applicable relocation policy. 
 
 4. Employment Relationship . No provision of this Agreement shall be construed to create an express or implied employment contract for a specific period of time. Employment at the Company is considered at will and either you or the Company may terminate the employment relationship at any time and for any reason. 
 
 5. Termination and Eligibility for Severance . You will be eligible to receive the termination and severance benefits set forth in this Section 5. 
 
 a. Accrued Benefits . Upon any termination of your employment, you will be paid (i) any and all earned and unpaid portion of your Base Pay through the Date of Termination (as defined below) (ii) any accrued but unused vacation pay owed to you in accordance with Company practices up to and including the Date of Termination and (iii) any allowable and unreimbursed business expenses incurred through the Date of Termination that are supported by appropriate documentation in accordance with the Company's applicable expense reimbursement policies. Hereafter, items (i) through (iii) in this Section 5(a) are referred to as Accrued Benefits. If termination of your employment is for any reason other than (A) by the Company without Cause (other than due to death or Disability (as defined below)) or (B) by you for Good Reason, you will be entitled to receive only the Accrued Benefits. 
 
 b. Severance Payment . Subject to Sections 5(c), 7 and 8 of the Agreement 
 
 (i) If the Company terminates your employment without Cause (other than as a result of your death or Disability) or if you terminate your employment with Good Reason, in each case, outside of the Change in Control Protection Period (as defined below), then, in addition to the Accrued Benefits, the Company will provide you the following severance and related post-termination benefits 
 
 (1) The Company shall, during the period beginning on the Date of Termination and ending on the twelve (12) month anniversary of the Date of Termination, pay to you an amount equal to (A) twelve (12) months of your Base Pay as in effect immediately prior to the Date of Termination (or in the case of termination by you with Good Reason due to material reduction in Base Pay and or Target Bonus, your Base Pay and or Target Bonus in effect immediately prior to such reduction, as applicable) (the Non-CIC Severance Payment (B) the aggregate sum of the Company's share of medical, dental and vision insurance premiums for you and your dependents for the twelve (12) month period commencing on the Date of Termination and ending on the first anniversary thereof as if you had remained employed and based on coverage as of immediately prior to termination (for the avoidance of doubt, if immediately prior to the termination of your employment you were required to contribute towards the cost of premiums as a condition of receiving such insurance, the payment 
 3 

hereunder will not cover any such contributions) (the Continued Benefit Payment (C) if termination of your employment occurs less than six months following the commencement of the fiscal year in which the Date of Termination occurs, an amount equal to the Target Bonus, prorated based on the number of days you worked during such fiscal year (the Pro Rata Bonus and (D) if termination of your employment occurs six months or later following the commencement of the fiscal year in which the Date of Termination occurs, an amount equal to the Target Bonus (the Full Bonus 
 
 (2) Unless explicit terms of an award agreement for an Equity Award (as defined below) are more favorable to you, each outstanding unvested Equity Award held by you immediately prior to the Date of Termination that is subject to vesting based solely upon your continuous service with the Company (collectively, Time-Based Equity Awards that would have vested during the twelve (12) month period following the Date of Termination had you remained employed shall remain outstanding and on the Severance Commencement Date (defined below), (I) if you have timely executed and not revoked the Release Agreement (as defined below), such Time-Based Equity Awards shall automatically vest and become exercisable (as applicable) immediately following the Revocation Period (as defined below), or (II) if you have not timely executed or have revoked the Release Agreement, such Time-Based Equity Awards will be forfeited for no consideration and 
 
 (3) (I) The Non-CIC Severance Payment shall be paid over the twelve (12) month period following the Date of Termination in accordance with the Company s normal payroll practices beginning on the first payroll date following the execution and delivery of the Release Agreement and expiration of the Revocation Period (such payroll date, the Severance Commencement Date ), and with the first installment, including any amounts that would have been paid had the Release Agreement been effective and irrevocable on the Date of Termination, (II) the Pro Rata Bonus or the Full Bonus, as applicable, shall be paid on the Severance Commencement Date, and (III) the Continued Benefit Payment shall be paid over the twelve (12) month period starting on the Severance Commencement Date, in each case, less applicable federal, state and other applicable withholdings. 
 
 (ii) If the Company terminates your employment without Cause (other than as a result of your death or Disability) or if you terminate your employment with Good Reason, in each case, during the Change in Control Protection Period, then, in addition to the Accrued Benefits, the Company will provide you the following severance and related post-termination benefits 
 
 (1) The Company shall pay to you a cash lump sum payment in an amount equal to (A) the sum of twenty-four (24) months of your Base Pay as in effect immediately prior to the Date of Termination and two (2) times your Target Bonus for the calendar year in which the Date of Termination occurs (or in the case of termination by you with Good Reason due to material reduction in Base Pay and or Target Bonus, 
 4 

your Base Pay and or Target Bonus in effect immediately prior to such reduction, as applicable) (the CIC Severance Payment ), (B) the aggregate sum of the Company's share of medical, dental and vision insurance premiums for you and your dependents for the twenty-four (24) month period commencing on the Date of Termination and ending on the first anniversary thereof as if you had remained employed and based on coverage as of immediately prior to termination (for the avoidance of doubt, if immediately prior to the termination of your employment you were required to contribute towards the cost of premiums as a condition of receiving such insurance, the payment hereunder will not cover any such contributions) CiC Continued Benefit Payment (C) if termination of your employment occurs less than six months following the commencement of the fiscal year in which the Date of Termination occurs, the Pro Rata Bonus and (D) if termination of your employment occurs six months or after the commencement of the fiscal year in which the Date of Termination occurs, the Full Bonus 
 
 (2) Unless the explicit terms of an award agreement for an Equity Award are more favorable to you, any unvested Equity Awards outstanding immediately prior to the Date of Termination shall automatically become fully vested and exercisable (as applicable) as of the Date of Termination. 
 
 (3) (I) the CIC Severance Payment shall be made in a lump sum on the Severance Commencement Date, (II) the Pro Rata Bonus or the Full Bonus, as applicable, shall be paid in a lump sum on the Severance Commencement Date and (III) the CiC Continued Benefit Payment shall be paid in lump sum on the Severance Commencement Date. 
 
 (iii) If your employment with the Company is terminated as a result of your death or Disability, then, in addition to the Accrued Benefits, the Company will pay to you, or your estate or representative, if applicable, the Pro Rata Bonus. 

c. Release . Any amounts payable pursuant to Section 5(b)(i), Section 5(b)(ii) or Section 5(b)(iii), as applicable (collectively, the Severance Benefits ), shall be in lieu of notice or any other severance benefits to which you might otherwise be entitled from the Company. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Company's provision of the Severance Benefits will be contingent upon your timely execution and non-revocation (or that of your estate or legal representative) of a general waiver and release of claims agreement in a form to be provided by the Company (a Release Agreement ), subject to the terms set forth herein. You will have twenty-one (21) days (or, in the event that your termination of employment is in connection with an exit incentive or other employment termination program (as such phrase is defined in the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, as amended), forty-five (45) days) following your receipt of the Release Agreement to consider whether or not to accept it. If the Release Agreement is signed and delivered to the Company, you (or your estate or legal representative) will have seven (7) days from the date of delivery to revoke your acceptance of such agreement (the Revocation Period ). If you (or your estate or legal representative) do not timely execute or if you 
 5 

subsequently revoke the Release Agreement, you shall be required to pay to the Company, immediately upon demand therefor, the amount of any payments or benefits you (or your estate or legal representative) received in connection with any portion of Equity Awards that was eligible to vest pursuant to Section 5(b) (including, without limitation, proceeds received or realized by you from the sale or surrender of any shares underlying such Equity Awards in connection with applicable tax withholding). 
 
 d. The provisions of this Section 5 shall supersede in their entirety any severance payment provisions in any severance plan, severance policy, severance program or other severance arrangement maintained by the Company or any of its affiliates (or any of their respective predecessors). The Company shall have no further obligation to you in the event of termination of your employment for any reason at any time, other than those obligations specifically set forth in this Section 5. 
 
 e. Definitions 
 
 i. Cause means termination of your employment by the Company upon the occurrence of any of the following (i) any intentional act by you or your omission that materially injures the reputation or business of the Company or any of its affiliates, or your own reputation (ii) your material violation of the Company s Code of Ethics, as may be amended from time to time, (iii) a material violation of any Company policy, agreement or procedure which is not cured (to the extent curable) within thirty (30) days following receipt of written notice of such violation, (iv) any material breach of this Agreement, (v) your neglect, failure or refusal to perform your duties under this Agreement, (vi) your commission of any act that has resulted in (or could reasonably be expected to result in) conviction of a felony or crime involving, in the good faith of the Company, fraud, dishonesty, or moral turpitude, or (vi) a breach of an obligation your engagement in any conduct, including any violation of applicable law, that may reasonably result in material and adverse injury to the business or reputation of the Company. The determination of whether a termination of your employment is for Cause shall be made by the Board (or its designee) in its sole discretion. 
 
 ii. Change in Control shall have the meaning set forth in the Incentive Award Plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Change in Control constitutes a payment or benefit event with respect to any payment or benefit hereunder that provides for the deferral of compensation that is subject to Section 409A, to the extent required to avoid the imposition of additional taxes under Section 409A, such transaction or event will not be deemed a Change in Control unless the transaction or event qualifies as a change in control event within the meaning of Section 409A. 
 
 6 

iii. Change in Control Protection Period means the period beginning on the date of the consummation of the Change in Control and ending on the thirteen (13) month anniversary of such Change in Control. 
 
 iv. Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 
 v. Date of Termination means the date of termination of your employment for any reason. 
 
 vi. Disability means an illness (mental or physical) or incapacity, which results in you being unable to perform your duties as an employee of the Company for a period or combined periods of one hundred eighty (180) days, whether or not consecutive, in any twelve (12) month period. 
 
 vii. Equity Awards means all stock options, restricted stock units, performance stock units and such other equity-based awards granted pursuant to the Incentive Award Plan. For the avoidance of doubt, Equity Awards shall not include any cash or cash-based awards granted pursuant to the Incentive Award Plan. 
 
 viii. Good Reason means the occurrence of one or more of the following conditions without your prior written consent (A) a reduction in or failure to pay your then-effective Base Pay (excluding any such reduction in connection with across-the-board Base Pay reductions for all or substantially all similarly situated employees), Annual Bonus, or the benefits provided in Section 3 hereof (other than an immaterial failure to pay that is corrected within the applicable cure period) or (B) a material diminution in your authority, duties, or responsibilities for the Company or (C) the relocation of your primary place of employment to a location more than thirty (30) miles from your then-present work location, unless you and the Company mutually agree to relocate more than such distance from the then current location provided that you shall not have Good Reason unless and until (x) you give the Company written notice describing the occurrence of Good Reason within thirty (30) days after such occurrence first occurs, (y) such occurrence is not corrected by the Company within thirty (30) days after the Company s receipt of such notice, and (z) you terminate employment no later than thirty (30) days after the expiration of such thirty (30) day correction period. 
 
 ix. Incentive Award Plan means the MariMed Inc. Amended and Restated 2018 Stock Award and Incentive Plan, as amended (or any successor equity incentive plan of the Company). 
 
 6. Mitigation . You shall not be required to mitigate the amount of any payment or benefit provided for in Section 5 by seeking other employment or otherwise, nor shall the 
 7 

amount of any payment or benefit provided for in Section 5 be reduced by any compensation earned by you as the result of employment by another employer or by retirement benefits after the Date of Termination or otherwise, subject to Section 7 provided , however , that any loans, advances or other amounts owed by you to the Company may be offset by the Company and its affiliates against amounts payable to you under Section 5 to the greatest extent permitted by applicable law (subject to compliance with Code Section 409A, if applicable). 
 
 7. Restrictive Covenants and Other Conditions . You acknowledge and agree that you are a party to the Company s Confidential Information, Restrictive Covenant, and Invention Assignment Agreement, and such agreement remains in full force and effect (the Restrictive Covenant Agreement ). In the event of (a) your material breach of the Restrictive Covenant Agreement, (b) your engagement in any act or omission after the Date of Termination that would have constituted Cause under subsections (ii) through (iv), (xii) or (xiii) of the definition thereof (without regard for any cure periods therein) for termination of your employment had you remained employed after the Date of Termination, or (c) the Company s determination in good faith that facts or circumstances existed on the Date of Termination that, if known by the Company on the Date of Termination, would have constituted Cause, the Company shall be entitled to cease all payments and benefits pursuant to Section 5(b), all Equity Awards that vested pursuant to Section 5(b) and any shares of Company stock you received with respect thereto shall immediately be forfeited, without payment therefor, and you shall be required to pay to the Company, immediately upon demand therefor, the amount of any proceeds realized by you from the sale of any such shares. 
 
 8. Section 409A Tax Implications of Termination Payments . Any payments or benefits required to be provided under this Agreement that (subject to compliance with Code Section 409A, if applicable) shall be provided only after the date of your separation from service with the Company as defined under Section 409A of the Code and the regulations and guidance issued thereunder (collectively, Section 409A ). The following rules shall apply with respect to distribution of the payments and benefits, if any, to be provided to you under this Agreement 
 
 (a) To the extent applicable, this Agreement shall be interpreted in accordance with Section 409A. Each installment of the payments and benefits provided hereunder shall be treated as a separate payment for purposes of Section 409A. If and to the extent (i) any portion of any payment, compensation or other benefit provided to you pursuant to this Agreement in connection with your termination of employment constitutes nonqualified deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A and (ii) you are a specified employee as defined in Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, in each case as determined by the Company in accordance with its procedures, by which determinations you agree that you are bound, such portion of the payment, compensation or other benefit shall not be paid until the first business day that is six (6) months plus one (1) day or more after the date of separation from service (as determined under Section 409A) (the New Payment Date ), except such earlier date as Section 409A may then permit. The aggregate of any payments that otherwise would have been paid to you during the period between the date of separation from service and the New Payment Date 
 8 

shall be paid to you in a lump sum on such New Payment Date, and any remaining payments will be paid on their original schedule. 
 
 (b) The Company and its employees, agents and representatives make no representations or warranty and shall have no liability to you or any other person if any provisions of or payments, compensation or other benefits under this Agreement are determined to constitute nonqualified deferred compensation subject to Section 409A but do not satisfy the conditions of that section. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, in the event that following the Effective Date the Board determines that this Agreement may be subject to Section 409A, the Board may (but is not obligated to), without your consent, adopt such amendments to this Agreement or adopt other policies and procedures (including amendments, policies and procedures with retroactive effect), or take any other actions, that the Board determines are necessary or appropriate to (i) exempt this Agreement from Section 409A and or preserve the intended tax treatment of the benefits provided with respect to this Agreement or (ii) comply with the requirements of Section 409A and thereby avoid the application of any penalty taxes under Section 409A. 
 
 9. Section 280G . If any payment or benefit you would receive or retain under this Severance Agreement, when combined with any other payment or benefit you receive or retain in connection with a change in control event within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code and the regulations and guidance thereunder Section 280G ), would (a) constitute a parachute payment within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code, and (b) but for this Section 9, be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (the Excise Tax ), then such Payment shall be either payable in full or in such lesser amount as would result in no portion of the Payment being subject to the Excise Tax, whichever of the foregoing amounts, taking into account the applicable federal, state and local employment taxes, income taxes, and the Excise Tax, results in your receipt, on an after-tax basis, of the greater amount of the Payment notwithstanding that all or some portion of the Payment may be subject to the Excise Tax. All determinations required to be made under this Section 9, including whether and to what extent the Payment shall be reduced and the assumptions to be utilized in arriving at such determination, shall be made by a nationally recognized certified public accounting firm or consulting firm experience in matters regarding Section 280G of the Code as may be designated by the Company (the 280G Advisor ). The 280G Advisor shall provide detailed supporting calculations both to you and the Company at such time as is requested by the Company. All fees and expenses of the Accounting Firm shall be borne solely by the Company. Any final determination by the 280G Advisor shall be binding upon you and the Company. For purposes of making the calculations required by this Section 9, the 280G Advisor may make reasonable assumptions and approximations concerning applicable taxes and may rely on reasonable, good-faith interpretations concerning the application of Sections 280G and 4999 of the Code. 
 
 10. Withholding . The Company shall be entitled to withhold from any amounts payable under this Agreement any federal, state, local or foreign withholding or other taxes or charges that the Company is required to withhold. The Company shall be entitled to rely 
 9 

on an opinion or advice of counsel if any questions as to the amount or requirement of withholding arise. 
 
 11. Confidentiality . The Company considers the protection of its confidential information and proprietary materials to be very important. The Restrictive Covenant Agreement that you previously signed remains in full force and effect. 
 
 12. Indemnity . The Indemnity Agreement that you previously signed remains in full force and effect. 
 
 13. General . 
 
 a. This Agreement will constitute our entire agreement as to your employment by the Company and will supersede any prior agreements or understandings, whether in writing or oral, with respect to the subject matter hereof, other than with respect to any agreements between you and the Company with respect to confidential information, intellectual property, non-competition, non-solicitation, non-disparagement, nondisclosure of proprietary information, inventions and injunctive relief provided, that Section 13(f) supersedes and replaces any prior dispute resolution provisions in any other prior agreement between you and the Company. 
 
 b. This Agreement may be executed in more than one counterpart, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, and all such counterparts together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 
 
 c. The provisions of this Agreement are severable and if any one or more provisions may be determined to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall nevertheless be binding and enforceable. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if there are any conflicts between the terms of this Agreement and the terms of any equity plan document referred to in this Agreement, then the terms of this Agreement shall govern and control. Except as modified hereby, this Agreement shall remain unmodified and in full force and effect. 
 
 d. This Agreement is personal in nature and neither of the parties hereto shall, without the written consent of the other, assign or otherwise transfer this Agreement or its obligations, duties, and rights under this Agreement provided, however, that in the event of a merger, consolidation, transfer or sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, this Agreement shall, subject to the provisions hereof, be binding upon and inure to the benefit of such successor and such successor shall discharge and perform all of the promises, covenants, duties, and obligations of the Company hereunder. 
 
 10 

e. All notices shall be in writing and shall be delivered personally (including by courier), sent by facsimile transmission (with appropriate documented receipt thereof), by overnight receipted courier service (such as UPS or Federal Express) or sent by certified, registered, or express mail, postage prepaid, to the Company at the following address MariMed Inc., 10 Oceana Way, Norwood, Massachusetts 02062, Attention Chief Financial Officer, and to you at the most current address we have in your employment file. Any such notice shall be deemed given when so delivered personally, or if sent by facsimile transmission, when transmitted, or, if by certified, registered, or express mail, postage prepaid mailed, forty-eight (48) hours after the date of deposit in the mail. Any party may, by notice given in accordance with this paragraph to the other party, designate another address or person for receipt of notices hereunder. 
 
 f. Arbitration . 
 
 i. Any controversy, dispute or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the breach hereof which cannot be settled by mutual agreement will be finally settled by binding arbitration in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, under the jurisdiction of the American Arbitration Association or other mutually agreeable alternative arbitration dispute resolution service, before a single arbitrator appointed in accordance with the arbitration rules of the American Arbitration Association or other selected service, modified only as herein expressly provided. The arbitrator may enter a default decision against any party who fails to participate in the arbitration proceedings. 
 
 ii. The decision of the arbitrator on the points in dispute will be final, non-appealable and binding, and judgment on the award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. 
 
 iii. The fees and expenses of the arbitrator will be shared equally by the parties, and each party will bear the fees and expenses of its own attorney provided that, to the extent the arbitrator determines you have prevailed on at least one material issue involved in any dispute commencing during the Change in Control Protection Period, the Company shall reimburse you for all reasonable attorneys fees in connection with such Dispute. 
 
 iv. The parties agree that this Section 13(f) has been included to resolve any disputes between them with respect to this Agreement, and that this Section 13(f) will be grounds for dismissal of any court action commenced by either party with respect to this Agreement, other than post-arbitration actions seeking to enforce an arbitration award or actions seeking an injunction or temporary restraining order. In the event that any court determines that this arbitration procedure is not binding, or otherwise allows any litigation regarding a dispute, claim, or controversy 
 11 

covered by this Agreement to proceed, the parties hereto hereby waive, to the maximum extent allowed by law, any and all right to a trial by jury in or with respect to such litigation. 
 
 v.The parties will keep confidential, and will not disclose to any person, except as may be required by law or the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission or other government agencies, the existence of any controversy hereunder, the referral of any such controversy to arbitration or the status or resolution thereof. 
 
 g. This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, without regard to the conflict of laws provisions thereof. 
 
 h. All terms of this Agreement, which by their nature extend beyond its termination, will remain in effect until fulfilled and apply to the parties respective successors and assigns. 
 
 14. Acceptance . You may accept the terms and conditions described herein by confirming your acceptance in writing. Please send you countersignature to this Agreement to the Company, or via e-mail to me, which execution will evidence your agreement with the terms and conditions set forth herein. 

Sincerely, 
 
 s Edward Gildea 
 Edward Gildea 
 Chairman, Compensation Committee 

ACCEPTED BY 

s Timothy Shaw 
 Timothy Shaw 
 Chief Operating Officer 
 Date February 28, 2023 

12 

</EX-10.20>

<EX-10.22>
 5
 ex-1022formofrsuagreement2.htm
 EX-10.22

Document 

MARIMED INC. 
 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED 2018 STOCK AWARD AND INCENTIVE PLAN, 
 AS AMENDED 
 
 Restricted Stock Unit Agreement 
 (Time-Based Vesting) 
 
 This Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (the Agreement is made effective as of ___________ (the Grant Date between MariMed Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company and _________ (the Participant ). 
 
 RECITALS 
 
 WHEREAS, the Company has adopted the Amended and Restated 2018 Stock Award and Incentive Plan, as amended (the Plan ), which Plan is incorporated herein by reference and made a part of this Agreement (capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings as set forth in the Plan) and 
 
 WHEREAS, the Board has determined that it is in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders to grant to the Participant the restricted stock units described herein pursuant to the Plan and the terms set forth below. 
 
 NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants hereinafter set forth, the parties agree as follows 
 
 1. Award of Restricted Stock Units . Subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement and in consideration of employment services rendered and to be rendered by the Participant to the Company and its subsidiaries, the Company hereby grants to the Participant an award (the Award of _________ restricted stock units (the RSUs ). Each RSU entitles the Participant to one share of Company Common Stock upon vesting in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
 
 2. Vesting of RSUs. 
 
 (i) Upon the vesting of the Award, as described in this Section, the Company shall deliver for each RSU that becomes vested, one (1) share of Company Common Stock. The Company Common Stock shall be delivered as soon as practicable following each vesting date or event set forth below, but in any case within 30 days after such date or event. 
 
 (ii) Subject to Section 3, ______ of the RSUs shall become vested and payable to Participant on ________, in each case, so long as the Participant remains employed with the Company and its subsidiaries through such applicable vesting date. 
 
 3. Termination of Employment. 
 
 (i) Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan to the contrary, upon the termination of the Participant s employment for any reason, the Award, to the extent not yet vested, shall immediately and automatically terminate and be forfeited for no consideration, unless otherwise determined by the Board of Directors (the Board pursuant to the terms of the Plan. 
 
 (ii) For purposes of the Plan and the Award, a termination of employment shall be deemed to have occurred on the date upon which the Participant ceases to perform employment duties for the Company or its subsidiaries following the provision of any notification of termination or resignation from employment, and without regard to any period of notice of termination of employment (whether express or implied) or any period of severance or salary continuation. The occurrence of a termination of employment shall be determined by the Board in accordance with Section 10.1 of the Plan. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, the Award, this Agreement, or any other agreement (written or oral) to the contrary, the Participant 

shall not be entitled (and by accepting an Award, thereby irrevocably waives any such entitlement) to any payment in connection with any termination of employment. No amounts earned pursuant to the Plan or any Award shall be deemed to be eligible compensation in respect of any other plan of the Company or any of its subsidiaries. 
 
 4. No Assignment. Except as expressly permitted under the Plan, this Agreement may not be assigned by the Participant by operation of law or otherwise. 
 
 5. No Rights to Continued Employment . The granting of the Award evidenced hereby and this Agreement shall impose no obligation on the Company or any of its affiliates to continue the employment or service of the Participant and shall not lessen or affect any right that the Company or any of its affiliates may have to terminate the service of such Participant. The Participant shall remain an at will employee. 
 
 6. Governing Law . This Agreement will be governed by and interpreted and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware (without reference to principles of conflicts or choice of law) as to all matters, including, but not limited to, matters of validity, construction, effect, performance, and metrics. 
 
 7. Tax Obligations . As a condition to the granting of the Award and the vesting thereof, the Participant acknowledges and agrees that Participant is responsible for the payment of income and employment taxes (and any other taxes required to be withheld) payable in connection with the vesting and or settlement of an Award. Accordingly, the Participant agrees to remit to the Company or any applicable subsidiary an amount sufficient to pay such taxes. Such payment shall be made to the Company or the applicable subsidiary of the Company in a form that is reasonably acceptable to the Company, as the Company may determine in its sole discretion, consistent with Section 12.4 of the Plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing (but subject to Section 12.4 of the Plan), the Company may, in its sole discretion, (i) retain and withhold from delivery at the time of vesting that number of shares of Company Common Stock having a fair market value equal to the taxes owed by the Participant, which retained shares shall fund the payment of such taxes by the Company on behalf of the Participant and or (ii) sell that number of shares of the Participant s Company Common Stock at the time of vesting having a fair market value equal to the taxes owed by the Participant, which proceeds from such shares sold shall fund the payment of taxes by the Company on behalf of the Participant. The Participant acknowledges that Participant is responsible for reviewing with the Participant s own tax advisors the federal, state, local, and other tax consequences of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The Participant acknowledges that Participant is not relying on any statements or representations of the Company or any of its agents. 
 
 8. Notices . Any notifications required by the terms of this Agreement shall be given in writing and shall be deemed effective upon personal delivery or within five (5) days of deposit with the United States Postal Service or the local equivalent of the United States Postal Service, by registered or certified mail, with postage and fees prepaid. A notice shall be addressed to the Company, Attention Chief Financial Officer, at its principal executive office and to the Participant at the address the Participant most recently provided to the Company. 
 
 9. Failure to Enforce Not a Waiver. The failure of the Company to enforce at any time any provision of this Agreement shall in no way be construed to be a waiver of such provision or of any other provision hereof. 
 
 10. Amendments. This Agreement may be amended or modified only by a written agreement signed by the Company and the Participant provided, however, that the Board may amend or alter this Agreement and the Award granted hereunder at any time, subject to the terms of the Plan. 
 
 11. Authority . The Board has complete authority and discretion to determine Awards, and to interpret and construe the terms of the Plan and this Agreement. The determination of the Board as to any matter relating to the interpretation or construction of the Plan or this Agreement shall be final, binding, and conclusive on all parties. All references in this Agreement to the Board shall mean the Board or the Compensation Committee (the Committee or officers referred to 
 2 

in Section 4.2 of the Plan to the extent that the Board s powers or authority under this Agreement have been delegated to such Committee or officers. 
 
 12. Successors . This Agreement will bind and inure to the benefit of the parties and their respective successors, permitted assigns, heirs, devisees, and legal representatives. 
 
 13. Entire Agreement . Except as set forth herein, this Agreement and the Plan supersede all prior agreements, whether written or oral and whether express or implied, between the Participant and the Company relating to the subject matter of this Agreement. 
 
 14. Rights as a Stockholder . The Participant shall have no rights as a stockholder of the Company with respect to any shares of Common Stock of the Company underlying or relating to any Award (including, without limitation, rights to vote or dividends) until the issuance thereof to the Participant in certificated or book entry form. 
 
 15. Clawback . The Award (including any proceeds, gains, or other economic benefit actually or constructively received by the Participant upon any receipt of the Award or upon the receipt or resale of Common Shares underlying the Award) shall be subject to the provisions of any claw-back policy implemented by the Company, including, without limitation, any claw-back policy adopted to comply with the requirements of applicable law, including without limitation the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and any rules or regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 
 16. Severability. The provisions of this Agreement are severable and if any one or more provisions are deemed to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless be binding and enforceable. 
 
 17. Section 409A. 
 
 (i) This Agreement is intended to comply with or be exempt from Section 409A of the Code (together with the Department of Treasury regulations and other interpretive guidance issued thereunder (including, without limitation, any such regulations or other guidance issued after the Grant Date, Section 409A and, to the extent applicable, this Agreement shall be interpreted in accordance with Section 409A. 
 
 (ii) If and to the extent (a) any portion of any payment, compensation, or other benefit provided to the Participant pursuant to this Agreement in connection with the Participant s employment termination constitutes nonqualified deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A and (b) the Participant is a specified employee as defined in Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, in each case as determined by the Company in accordance with its procedures, by which determinations the Participant (through accepting the Award) agrees that he or she is bound, such portion of the payment, compensation, or other benefit shall not be paid before the day that is six months plus one day after the date of separation from service (as determined under Section 409A) (the New Payment Date ), except as Section 409A may then permit. The aggregate of any payments that otherwise would have been paid to the Participant during the period between the date of separation from service and the New Payment Date shall be paid to the Participant in a lump sum on such New Payment Date, and any remaining payments will be paid on their original schedule. 
 
 (iii) Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan or this Agreement, if at any time the Board determines that the RSUs (or any portion thereof) may be subject to Section 409A, the Board shall have the right in its sole discretion (without any obligation to do so or to indemnify the Participant or any other period for failure to do so) to adopt such amendments to this Agreement, or adopt other policies and procedures (including amendments, policies, and procedures with retroactive effect), or take any other actions, as the Board determines are necessary or appropriate for RSUs to be exempt from the application of Section 409A or to comply with the requirements of Section 409A. No provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted or construed to transfer any liability for failure to comply with the requirements of Section 409A from the Participant or any other individual to the Company or any of its affiliates, employees, or agents. 
 3 

18. Captions . The captions of the sections of this Agreement are for reference only and will not affect the interpretation or construction of this Agreement. 
 
 19. Signature in Counterparts . This Agreement may be signed in counterparts (including by means of pdf or electronic signatures), each of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument. This Agreement will not be binding on either party unless and until signed by both parties. 

Signature Page Follows 

4 

5 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement is effective as of the date first above written. 
 
 MARIMED INC. 

By ________________________________ 
 Name 
 Title 

Agreed and acknowledged as 
 of the date first above written 

____________________________ 
 Participant 

6 

</EX-10.22>

<EX-10.23>
 6
 ex-1023formofoptionagreeme.htm
 EX-10.23

Document 

MARIMED INC. 
 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED 2018 STOCK AWARD AND INCENTIVE PLAN, 
 AS AMENDED 

Non-Statutory Stock Option Award Agreement 
 
 This NON-STATUTORY STOCK OPTION AWARD AGREEMENT (the Agreement is made effective as of ________________ (the Grant Date ), between MariMed Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and ________________ (the Participant or you ). 
 
 RECITALS 
 
 WHEREAS, the Company has adopted the Amended and Restated 2018 Stock Award and Incentive Plan, as amended (the Plan ), which Plan is incorporated herein by reference and made a part of this Agreement (capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings as set forth in the Plan) and 
 
 WHEREAS, the Board has determined that it is in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders to grant to the Participant the option described herein pursuant to the Plan and the terms set forth below 
 
 NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants hereinafter set forth, the parties agree as follows 
 
 1. Grant of Option. The Company hereby grants to the Participant the right and option (the Option to purchase, in whole or in part, an aggregate of _____________ shares of Common Stock (the Shares ). The Option is intended to be a Non-Statutory Stock Option. 
 
 2. Option Price. The price per Share subject to the Option shall be _________ per Share (the Option Price ). 
 
 3. Option Term. The term of the Option shall be ten (10) years, commencing on the Grant Date. Unless earlier terminated as set forth herein or in the Plan, this Option shall automatically terminate at 5 00 p.m., Eastern Time, on the tenth anniversary of the Grant Date (the Final Exercise Date ). 
 
 4. Vesting Schedule. Subject to the Participant s continued service to the Company through the applicable vesting date, the Option shall vest and become exercisable as follows 
 
 Shares Vest Type Vest Date 

The date on which the Option becomes fully vested is referred to as the Final Vesting Date . 
 
 5. Exercise of Option. 
 (a) Notice of Exercise. The Participant or the Participant s representative may exercise the vested portion of the Option or any part thereof prior to the Final Vesting Date by giving written notice to the Company in the form prescribed by the Company from time to time (the Notice of Exercise ). The Notice of Exercise shall be signed by the person exercising such Option. In the event that such Option is being exercised by the Participant s representative, the 
 1 

Notice of Exercise shall be accompanied by proof (satisfactory to the Company) of such representative s right to exercise such Option. 
 (b) Method of Exercise. The Participant or the Participant s representative shall deliver to the Company, at the time the Notice of Exercise is given, payment for the full amount of the aggregate Option Price for the exercised Option in the manner provided in Section 7.3 of the Plan. The Participant or the Participant s representative may purchase less than the number of Shares covered hereby provided that no partial exercise of this Option may be for any fractional share. 
 (c) Issuance of Shares. Provided that the Company receives a properly completed and executed Notice of Exercise and payment for the full amount of the aggregate Option Price, the Company shall promptly cause to be issued the Shares underlying the exercised Option, registered in the name of the person exercising the applicable Option. 
 (d) Continuous Relationship with the Company Required. Except as otherwise provided in this Section 5, this Option may not be exercised unless the Participant, at the time he or she exercises this Option, is and has been at all times since the Grant Date, an employee, officer or director of, or consultant or advisor to, the Company or any of its affiliates. 
 (e) Termination of Relationship with the Company. Upon a termination of the Participant s services for any reason, other than pursuant to Sections 5(f) and (g) below, any unvested portion of the Option shall immediately terminate and be forfeited without consideration and the vested portion of the Option shall remain exercisable until the earlier of ninety (90) days following such termination of service and (ii) the Final Exercise Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Participant, prior to the Final Exercise Date, breaches the terms of any agreement (including, without limitation, any confidentiality, non-competition or non-solicitation provision) between the Participant and the Company, the right to exercise this Option shall terminate upon such breach. 
 (f) Exercise Period Upon Death or Disability. Upon a termination of the Participant s service because the Participant dies or becomes disabled (within the meaning of Section 22(e)(3) of the Code), any unvested portion of the Option shall immediately terminate and be forfeited without consideration and the vested portion of the Option shall remain exercisable until the earlier of (i) 180 days following such termination of service and (ii) the Final Exercise Date. 
 (g) Termination for Cause. Upon the effective date of a termination of the Participant s service by the Company for Cause (as defined below), the right to exercise this Option, including the vested portion of the Option, shall terminate immediately and be forfeited without consideration. If the Participant is party to an employment, consulting or severance agreement with the Company at the time of his or her termination of employment with the Company or any affiliate that contains a different definition of cause (or any derivation thereof), the definition in such agreement will control for purposes of this Agreement. Otherwise, Cause as used in this Agreement means the occurrence of any of the following (1) gross negligence or willful misconduct by you in the performance of your duties that is likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company or its reputation (2) your indictment for, formal admission to (including a plea of guilty or non contendere to), or conviction of (A) a felony, (B) a crime of moral turpitude, dishonesty, breach of trust or unethical business conduct, or (C) any crime involving the Company (3) your commission of an act of fraud or dishonesty in the performance of your duties (4) repeated failure by you to perform your duties, which are reasonably and in good faith requested in writing by the CEO or the Board of Directors of the Company or (5) material breach of any written agreement between you and the Company, that you fail to remedy within ten (10) days following written notice from the Company . 
 6. Withholding. The Participant may be required to pay the Company or any of its affiliates and the Company shall have the right, and is hereby authorized, to withhold any applicable withholding taxes in respect of the Option, its exercise or transfer, and to take such other action as may be necessary in the opinion of the Board to satisfy all obligations for the payment of such withholding taxes. 
 7. Transferability of Option. Unless otherwise provided by the Board, the Option may not be sold, assigned, alienated, attached, transferred, pledged or otherwise encumbered by the Participant, either voluntarily or by operation of law, except by will or the laws of descent and 
 2 

distribution, and any such purported assignment, alienation, pledge, attachment, sale, transfer or encumbrance shall be void and unenforceable against the Company or any of its affiliates provided that, the designation of a beneficiary shall not constitute an assignment, alienation, pledge, attachment, sale, transfer or encumbrance. No such permitted transfer of the Option to heirs or legatees of the Participant shall be effective to bind the Company unless the Board shall have been furnished with written notice thereof and a copy of such evidence as the Board may deem necessary to establish the validity of the transfer and the acceptance by the transferee or transferees of the terms and conditions hereof. During the lifetime of the Participant, the Option shall be exercisable only by the Participant. 
 8. Provisions of the Plan. By entering into this Agreement, the Participant agrees and acknowledges that the Participant has received and read a copy of the Plan that the Option is subject to the provisions of the Plan and that the terms and provisions of the Plan as it may be amended from time to time are hereby incorporated herein by reference. In the event of a conflict between any term or provision contained herein and a term or provision of the Plan, the applicable terms and provisions of the Plan will govern and prevail. 
 9. Notices. Any notification required by the terms of this Agreement shall be given in writing and shall be deemed effective upon personal delivery or within three (3) days of deposit with the United States Postal Service, by registered or certified mail, with postage and fees prepaid. A notice shall be addressed to the Company, Attention General Counsel, at its principal executive office and to the Participant at the address that he or she most recently provided to the Company. 
 10. Adjustments of Shares. In the event of corporate changes (as referenced in Section 11.2 of the Plan), the Shares and the other terms of this Agreement shall be adjusted in the manner provided for in Section 11.1 of the Plan. 
 11. No Right to Continued Employment or Service. The granting of the Option evidenced hereby and this Agreement shall impose no obligation on the Company or any of its affiliates to continue the employment or service of the Participant and shall not lessen or affect any right that the Company or any of its affiliates may have to terminate the service of such Participant. 
 12. Securities Laws Legends on Certificates. The issuance and delivery of the Shares shall comply with (or be exempt from) all applicable requirements of law, including without limitation the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, state securities laws and regulations, and the regulations of any stock exchange or other securities market on which the Company s securities may then be traded. The Company shall not be obligated to file any registration statement under any applicable securities laws to permit the purchase or issuance of any Shares under the Plan or Awards and accordingly, any certificates for Shares or documents granting Awards may have an appropriate legend or statement of applicable restrictions endorsed thereon. If the Company deems it necessary to ensure that the issuance of Shares under the Plan is not required to be registered under any applicable securities laws, each Participant to whom such Shares would be issued shall deliver to the Company an agreement or certificate containing such representations, warranties and covenants as the Company may reasonable request which satisfies such requirements. 
 13. Erroneously Awarded Compensation . All Awards, if and to the extent subject to the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, shall be subject to any incentive compensation policy established from time to time by the Company to comply with such Act. 
 14. Entire Agreement. This Agreement and the Plan constitute the entire contract between the parties hereto with regard to the subject matter hereof. They supersede any other agreements, representations or understandings (whether oral or written and whether express or implied) which relate to the subject matter hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, t o the extent that the Participant has entered into an employment agreement with the Company and the terms noted in such employment agreement are inconsistent with or conflicts with this Agreement, then the terms of the employment agreement will supersede the inconsistent or conflicting terms set forth herein as determined by the Board in accordance with Section 4.1 of then Plan. In all other respects, this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. 
 15. Waiver. No waiver of any breach or condition of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a waiver of any other or subsequent breach or condition whether of like or different nature. 
 3 

16. Successors and Assigns. The provisions of this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and be binding upon, the Company and its successors and assigns and upon the Participant, the Participant s assigns and the legal representatives, heirs and legatees of the Participant s estate, whether or not any such person shall have become a party to this Agreement and have agreed in writing to be joined herein and be bound by the terms hereof. 
 17. Choice of Law. This Agreement shall be governed by the law of the State of Delaware (regardless of the laws that might otherwise govern under applicable Delaware principles of conflicts of law) as to all matters, including but not limited to matters of validity, construction, effect, performance and remedies. 
 18. No Guarantees Regarding Tax Treatment. The Participant (or his or her beneficiaries) shall be responsible for all taxes with respect to the Option. The Board and the Company make no guarantees regarding the tax treatment of the Option. Neither the Board nor the Company has any obligation to take any action to prevent the assessment of any tax under Section 409A of the Code or Section 457A of the Code or otherwise and none of the Company, any of its affiliates, or any of their employees or representatives shall have any liability to the Participant with respect thereto. 
 19. Amendment. The Board may amend or alter this Agreement and the Option granted hereunder at any time, subject to the terms of the Plan. 
 20. Severability. The provisions of this Agreement are severable and if any one or more of the provisions are determined to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless be binding and enforceable. 
 21. Signature in Counterparts. This Agreement may be signed in counterparts, each of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument. This Agreement will not be binding on either party unless and until signed by both parties. 
 
 Signature Page Follows 
 4 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement. 

MARIMED INC. 

By ______________________ 
 Name 
 Title 
 
 Agreed and acknowledged as 
 of the date first above written 

____________________________ 
 PARTICIPANT 
 Employee Identifier 
 Option Number 

</EX-10.23>

<EX-21.1>
 7
 ex211subsidiariesoftheregi.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 
 MariMed Inc. 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

Name Jurisdiction of Incorporation MariMed Advisors Inc. Massachusetts Mia Development LLC Massachusetts Mari Holdings IL LLC Massachusetts Mari Holdings MD LLC Massachusetts Mari Holdings NJ LLC New Jersey Mari Holdings NV LLC Massachusetts Mari Holdings Metropolis LLC Massachusetts Mari Holdings Mt. Vernon LLC Massachusetts Mari Mfg LLC New Jersey Hartwell Realty Holdings LLC Massachusetts iRollie LLC Massachusetts ARL Healthcare Inc. Massachusetts KPG of Anna LLC Illinois KPG of Harrisburg LLC Illinois MariMed OH LLC Ohio MariMed Hemp Inc. Delaware MediTaurus LLC Delaware MMMO LLC Missouri Green Growth Group Inc. Illinois 
 
 1 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 8
 ex231consentofmkcpaspllc.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We hereby consent to the incorporation, by reference, in the Registration Statements of MariMed Inc. (the Company on Form S-8 (File No. 333-252719) and on Form S-3 (File No. 333-255338) of our report dated March 3, 2023 relating to the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes, as appearing in the annual report on Form 10-K of the Company for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. We also consent to the reference to us under the heading Experts in such prospectus. 

s M&K CPA s, PLLC 

Houston, TX 
 March 3, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 9
 mrmd-20221231xex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 Certifications 
 I, Jon R. Levine, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of MariMed Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures, and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date March 3, 2023 
 s Jon R. Levine Jon R. Levine Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 10
 mrmd-20221231xex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 Certifications 
 I, Susan M. Villare, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of MariMed Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures, and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date March 3, 2023 
 Susan M. Villare Susan M. Villare Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 11
 mrmd-20221231xex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with this Annual Report of MariMed Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jon R. Levine, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, based on my knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, our financial condition and result of operations. 
 MARIMED INC. (Registrant) Date March 3, 2023 
 By s Jon R. Levine Jon R. Levine Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 12
 mrmd-20221231xex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with this Annual Report of MariMed Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Susan M. Villare, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, based on my knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, our financial condition and result of operations. 
 MARIMED INC. (Registrant) Date March 3, 2023 
 By s Susan M. Villare Susan M. Villare Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 13
 mrmd-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 14
 mrmd-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 15
 mrmd-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 16
 mrmd-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 17
 mrmd-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

