<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230308_10-K_edgar_data_1505732_0001505732-23-000109.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>25765385</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>421820</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>9521812</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7424582</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4228031</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3796997</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001505732-23-000109.hdr.sgml : 20230308
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230308161435
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001505732-23-000109
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		161
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230308
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230308

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Bankwell Financial Group, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001505732
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				208251355
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CT
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36448
		FILM NUMBER:		23716291

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		208 ELM STREET
		CITY:			NEW CANAAN
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06840
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(203) 972-3838

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		208 ELM STREET
		CITY:			NEW CANAAN
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06840

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BNC Financial Group, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20101115

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001505732-23-000109.txt : 20230308

10-K
 1
 bwfg-20221231.htm
 10-K

bwfg-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from _________to________ 
 Commission File Number: 
 
 (Exact Name of Registrant as specified in its Charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, 
 ) 
 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant s principal executive offices) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

Aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022 based on the closing price of the common stock as reported on the NASDAQ Global Market: . 
 
 As of February 28, 2023, there we re sh ares of the registrant s common stock outstanding. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Bankwell Financial Group, Inc. 
 Form 10-K 
 
 Table of Contents PART I 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 18 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 27 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 27 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 28 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 28 
 PART II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 29 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 29 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 30 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 56 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 59 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 110 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 111 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 111 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspection 
 111 
 PART III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 112 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 112 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 112 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 112 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 112 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 113 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 114 
 Signatures 
 115 

BANKWELL FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
 FORM 10-K 
 
 PART 1 

Item 1. Business 
 
 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 This report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or the Exchange Act. These statements are often, but not always, made with the words or phrases such as may, should, believe, likely result in, expect, would, intend, could, predict, potential, continue, will, anticipate, seek, estimate, plan, projection, and outlook or the negative version of those words or other similar words of a forward-looking nature. These forward-looking statements are not historical facts, and are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about our industry, management s beliefs and certain assumptions made by management, many of which, by their nature, are inherently uncertain and beyond our control. Accordingly, we caution you that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, assumptions, uncertainties and other factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by these forward-looking statements. Important factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by these forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, those disclosed under Risk Factors in Part I Item 1A as well as the following factors: 
 Disruptions to economic conditions, the financial and labor markets and workplace operating environments; 
 Local, regional and national business or economic conditions may differ from those expected; 
 Credit risk and resulting losses in our loan portfolio; 
 Our allowance for loan losses may not be adequate to absorb loan losses; 
 Changes in real estate values could also increase our credit risk; 
 Changes in our executive management team; 
 Inability to successfully execute our executive management team s strategic initiatives; 
 Our ability to successfully execute our growth initiatives such as branch openings and acquisitions; 
 Volatility and direction of market interest rates; 
 Increased competition within our market which may limit our growth and profitability; 
 Economic, market, operational, liquidity, credit and interest rate risks associated with our business; 
 The effects of and changes in trade, monetary and fiscal policies and laws, including the Federal Reserve Board s interest rate policies; 
 Changes in accounting policies and practices, as may be adopted by regulatory agencies, the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board or the Financial Accounting Standards Board; 
 Changes in law and regulatory requirements (including those concerning taxes, banking, securities and insurance); and 
 Further government intervention in the U.S. financial system. 
 
 The foregoing factors should not be construed as exhaustive. If one or more events related to these or other risks or uncertainties materialize, or if our underlying assumptions prove to be incorrect, actual results may differ materially from what we anticipate. Accordingly, you should not place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which it is made, and we do not undertake any obligation to publicly update or review any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise. New factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict which will arise. In addition, we cannot assess the impact of each factor on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. 
 1 

General 
 Bankwell Financial Group, Inc. (the "Parent Corporation") is a bank holding company, headquartered in New Canaan, Connecticut and offers a broad range of financial services through its banking subsidiary, Bankwell Bank (the "Bank" and, collectively with the Parent Corporation and the Parent Corporation's subsidiaries, "we", "our", "us", or the "Company"), a Connecticut state chartered non-member bank founded in 2002. The Bank provides a wide range of services to clients in our market, an area encompassing approximately a 100 mile radius around our branch network. In addition, the Bank pursues certain types of commercial lending opportunities outside our market, particularly where we have strong relationships. The Bank operates branches in New Canaan, Stamford, Fairfield, Westport, Darien, Norwalk, and Hamden, Connecticut. As of December 31, 2022, on a consolidated basis, we had total assets of approximately 3.3 billion, net loans of approximately 2.6 billion, total deposits of approximately 2.8 billion, and shareholders equity of approximately 238.5 million. 
 We are focused on being the banking provider of choice and to serve as an alternative to our larger competitors. We have a history of building long-term client relationships and attracting new clients through what we believe is our superior service and our ability to deliver a diverse product offering. In addition, we believe that our strong capital position and extensive ownership, coupled with a highly respected and experienced executive management team and board of directors, give us credibility with our clients and potential clients. Our focus is on building a franchise with meaningful market share and consistent revenue growth complemented by operational efficiencies that we believe will produce attractive risk-adjusted returns for our shareholders. 
 Our History and Growth 
 The Bank is a Connecticut state chartered commercial bank, founded in 2002, whose deposits are insured under the Deposit Insurance Fund administered by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC ). On November 5, 2013, we acquired The Wilton Bank, which was merged into Bankwell Bank. On October 1, 2014, we acquired Quinnipiac Bank and Trust Company, which was merged into Bankwell Bank. 
 With the efforts of our strong executive management team, we continued our growth and maintained a strong track record of performance. From December 31, 2018 through December 31, 2022, our total assets grew from 1.9 billion to 3.3 billion; our gross loans outstanding grew from 1.6 billion to 2.7 billion and our deposits grew from 1.5 billion to 2.8 billion. We believe this growth was driven by our ability to provide exceptional service to our client s and our financial stability. 
 Business Strategy 
 We are focused on being the banking provider of choice in our highly attractive market areas through: 
 Responsive, Client-Centric Products and Services and a Community Focus. We offer a broad array of products and services which we customize to allow us to focus on building long-term relationships with our clients through high-quality, responsive and personal service. By focusing on the entire client relationship, we build the trust of our clients, which leads to long-term relationships and generates our organic growth. In addition, we are committed to meeting the needs of the communities that we serve. Our employees are involved in many civic and community organizations, which we support through volunteerism and sponsorships. As a result, clients and potential clients within our market know about us and frequently interact with our employees which allows us to develop long-term client relationships without extensive advertising. 
 Strategic Acquisitions. To complement our organic growth, we focus on strategic acquisitions in or around our existing markets that further our objectives. We believe there are banking institutions that continue to face credit challenges, capital constraints and liquidity issues and that lack the scale and management expertise to manage the increasing regulatory burden and will likely need to partner with an institution like ours. As we evaluate potential acquisitions, we will continue to seek acquisitions that provide meaningful financial benefits, long-term organic growth opportunities and expense reductions, without compromising our risk profile. 
 Utilization of Efficient and Scalable Infrastructure. We employ a systematic and calculated approach to increasing our profitability and improving our efficiencies. We continually upgrade our operating infrastructure, particularly in the areas of technology, data processing, and compliance. We believe that our scalable infrastructure provides us with an efficient operating platform from which to grow in the near term, while continuing to deliver our high-quality service, which will enhance our ability to grow and increase our returns. 
 Disciplined Focus on Risk Management. Effective risk management is a key component of our strong corporate culture. We use our strong risk management process to monitor our existing loan and investment securities portfolios, support operational decision-making and improve our ability to generate earning assets with strong credit quality. To maintain our strong credit quality, we use a comprehensive underwriting process and we seek to maintain a diversified loan portfolio and a conservative investment securities portfolio. Board-approved policies contain approval authorities, as appropriate, and are reviewed at least annually. We have a Risk Management Steering Committee comprised of 
 2 

executive officers and other members of management. This committee reviews and assesses risks and mitigants throughout areas of the Bank on an ongoing basis. Internal review procedures are performed regarding anti-money laundering and consumer compliance requirements. 
 Our Competitive Strengths 
 We believe that we are especially well-positioned to create value for our shareholders as a result of the following competitive strengths: 
 Our Market. The Bank provides a wide range of services to client s in our market, an area encompassing approximately a 100 mile radius around our branch network. In addition, the Bank pursues certain types of commercial lending opportunities outside our market, particularly where we have strong business relationships. Our goal is to support our clients as they grow, and with advances in technology, we are able to service and maintain business relationships beyond our market. 
 Experienced and Respected Executive Management Team with a Proven and Successful Track Record. Our executive management team is comprised of seasoned professionals with significant banking experience, a history of high performance at financial institutio ns and success in identifying, acquiring and integrating financial institutions. Our executive management team includes Christopher R. Gruseke, President and Chief Executive Officer (since 2015), Christine A. Chivily, Executive Vice President, Chief Credit Officer (since 2013), Matthew McNeill, Executive Vice President, Chief Banking Officer (since 2020), Courtney E. Sacchetti, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (since January 1, 2023), and Laura J. Waitz, Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer (since 2017). 
 Dedicated Board of Directors with Close Community Ties. Our Board of Directors is comprised of a group of business leaders who understand the need for banks that focus on serving the financial needs of their client s. The interests of our executive management team and directors are aligned with those of our shareholders through common stock ownership. By capitalizing on the business relationships and c lose community ties of our executive management team and directors, we are positioned to take advantage of opportunities present in our market. 
 Strong Capital Position. At December 31, 2022, we had a 7.26 tangible common equity ratio, and the Bank had a 9.88 tier 1 leverage ratio, a 10.28 tier 1 risk-based ratio, and an 11.07 total capital to risk-weighted assets ratio. We believe that our ability to attract and generate capital has facilitated our growth and is an integral component to the execution of our business plan. 
 Scalable Operating Platform. We provide banking technology, including remote deposit capture, Internet banking and mobile banking, to offer our clients maximum flexibility and to create a scalable platform to accommodate our future growth aspirations. We believe that our advanced technology combined with responsive and personal service provides our clients with an exceptional banking experience. 
 Human Capital Resources 
 At December 31, 2022, we employed a total of 136 full-time equivalent employees in Connecticut. It is through our team, and their ties to the communities, that we are able to dutifully support the communities we serve. Working within, and giving back to, our local partners is the hallmark of who we are, and we believe that the strength and commitment of our workforce to our communities is what sets us apart from other banks. We have long been committed to comprehensive and competitive compensation and benefits programs as we recognize that we operate in intensely competitive environments for talent. 
 We invest in our employees future by sponsoring and prioritizing continued education throughout the Company s employee ranks. All of our employees are able to participate in regular educational seminars run by outside parties, including but not limited to regulatory agencies and the American Bankers Association. The Bank also participates in the American Bankers Association, Stonier School of Banking. 
 In order to develop a workforce that aligns with our corporate values, we regularly sponsor local community events so that our employees can better integrate themselves in our communities. We believe that our employees well-being and professional development is fostered by our outreach to the communities we serve. Our employees desire for active community involvement enables us to sponsor numerous local community events and initiatives. 
 The Company is committed to the overall well-being of our team members, offering competitive health and welfare benefits. 
 Company Website and Availability of Securities and Exchange Commission Filings 
 Information regarding the Company is available through the Investor Relations link at www.mybankwell.com. The Company s annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports filed pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 are available free of charge at 
 3 

www.sec.gov and at www.mybankwell.com under the Investor Relations link. Information on the website is not incorporated by reference and is not a part of this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 Competition 
 The financial services industry is highly competitive. We compete with commercial banks, savings banks, savings associations, money market funds, mortgage brokers, finance companies, credit unions, insurance companies, investment firms and private lenders in various segments of our business. Many of these competitors have more assets, capital and higher lending limits, and more resources than we do and may be able to conduct more intensive and broader-based promotional efforts to reach both commercial and individual clients. Competition for deposit products can depend heavily on pricing because of the ease with which clients can transfer deposits from one institution to another. 
 We focus our marketing efforts on small to medium-sized businesses and professionals. We attract these clients based on relationships and contacts that our Management and our Board of Directors have within and beyond the market area. We do not expect to compete with large institutions for the primary banking relationships of large corporations. Many of our larger commercial bank competitors have greater name recognition and offer certain services that we do not; however, we believe that our presence in our market area and focus on providing superior service to professionals at small to medium-sized businesses and individual employees of such businesses are instrumental to our success. 
 We emphasize personalized banking services and the advantage of local decision-making in our banking businesses, and this emphasis has been well received by the public in our market area. 
 Lending Activities 
 General. Our primary lending focus is to serve commercial and middle-market businesses and not-for-profit organizations with a variety of financial products and services, while maintaining strong and disciplined credit policies and procedures. We offer a wide array of commercial lending products to serve the needs of our clients. Commercial lending products include owner-occupied commercial real estate loans, commercial real estate investment loans, commercial loans (such as business term loans, equipment financing and lines of credit) to small and medium-sized businesses and real estate construction and development loans. We focus our lending activities on loans that we originate to borrowers located in our market or with whom the Bank s senior management has long-standing relationships. We have established an informal, internal lending limit to one relationship of up to 40 of unimpaired capital and allowance for loan losses, if secured by commercial real estate. A relationship in this instance is defined as loans made to different entities but with a shared borrower principal(s). For individual loans and loans dependent on the operation of a business, limits are set so as not to exceed the statutory maximum of 15 of unimpaired capital and allowance for loan losses. 
 We market our lending products and services to qualified borrowers through conveniently located banking offices, relationship networks and high touch personal service. We target our business development and marketing strategy primarily on small to medium-sized businesses. Our relationship managers actively solicit the business of companies entering our market areas as well as long-standing businesses operating in the communities we serve. We seek to attract new lending clients through professional service, relationship networks, competitive pricing and innovative structure, including the utilization of federal and state tax incentives. We pride ourselves on smart, proficient underwriting and timely decision making for new loan requests due to our efficient approval structure and local decision-making. We believe this gives us a competitive advantage over larger institutions that are not as nimble. 
 Total loans before deferred loan fees and the allowance for loan losses were 2.7 billion at December 31, 2022. The following table summarizes the composition of our loan portfolio for the dates indicated. 
 At December 31, 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 (In thousands) Real estate loans: Residential 60,588 79,987 113,557 147,109 178,079 Commercial 1,921,252 1,356,709 1,148,383 1,128,614 1,094,066 Construction 155,198 98,341 87,007 98,583 73,191 2,137,038 1,535,037 1,348,947 1,374,306 1,345,336 Commercial business 520,447 350,975 276,601 230,028 258,978 Consumer 17,963 8,869 79 150 412 Total loans 2,675,448 1,894,881 1,625,627 1,604,484 1,604,726 
 
 4 

At December 31, Percent of Loan Portfolio 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Real estate loans: Residential 2.27 4.22 6.99 9.17 11.10 Commercial 71.81 71.60 70.64 70.34 68.18 Construction 5.80 5.19 5.35 6.14 4.56 79.88 81.01 82.98 85.65 83.84 Commercial business 19.45 18.52 17.02 14.34 16.14 Consumer 0.67 0.47 0.01 0.02 Total loans 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 
 
 Residential real estate loans. In the fourth quarter of 2017, management made the strategic decision to no longer originate residential mortgage loans. As of the beginning of the third quarter of 2019, the Company no longer offered home equity loans or lines of credit. Prior to these decisions having been made, we offered first lien one-to-four family mortgage loans, as well as home equity lines of credit, in each case primarily on owner-occupied primary residences. We also originated for sale one-to-four family mortgage loans, which are classified as loans held for sale until sold to investors. Although our consumer real estate loan portfolio presents lower levels of risk than our commercial, commercial real estate and construction loan portfolios, we are exposed to risk based on fluctuations in the value of the real estate collateral securing the loan, as well as changes in the borrower s financial condition, which could be affected by numerous factors, including divorce, job loss, illness or other personal hardship. 
 Commercial real estate loans. We offer real estate loans for owner-occupied commercial properties as well as commercial property owned by real estate investors. Commercial loans that are secured by owner-occupied commercial real estate and primarily collateralized by operating cash flows are also included in this category of loan throughout this document. Commercial real estate loan terms generally are limited to ten years or less, although payments may be structured on a longer amortization basis of twenty to thirty years. The interest rates on our commercial real estate loans may be fixed or adjustable, although rates typically are not fixed for a period exceeding five to ten years. We generally charge an origination fee for these loans. We often require personal guarantees from the principal owner of the business or real estate supported by a review of the principal owner's personal financial statements. Risks associated with commercial real estate loans include increases in interest rates, fluctuations in the value of real estate, the overall strength of the economy, new job creation trends, tenant vacancy rates, property use trends, business sector changes, environmental contamination, and the quality of the borrower s management. We make efforts to limit our risk by analyzing the borrower's cash flow and collateral value as well as all of the sponsors investment activities. The real estate securing our existing commercial real estate loans includes a wide variety of property types, such as owner-occupied offices/warehouses/production facilities, healthcare facilities, office buildings, industrial, mixed-use residential/commercial, retail centers and multifamily properties. Our commercial real estate loan portfolio presents a higher risk than our consumer real estate and consumer loan portfolios. 
 Construction loans. Our construction portfolio includes loans to small and medium-sized businesses to construct owner-used properties, loans to developers of commercial real estate investment properties and residential developments and, to a lesser extent, loans to individual clients for construction of single family homes in our market. Construction and development loans are generally made with a term of one to two years and interest is paid monthly. The ratio of the loan principal to the value of the collateral, as established by independent appraisal, typically will not exceed industry standards. Loan proceeds are disbursed based on the percentage of completion and only after the project has been inspected by an experienced construction lender or third-party inspector. Risks associated with construction loans include fluctuations in the value of real estate, project completion risk, leasing risk and change in market trends. We are also exposed to risk based on the ability of the construction loan borrower to refinance the debt or sell the property upon completion of the project, which may be affected by changes in market trends since the time that we funded the construction loan. 
 Commercial business loans. We offer a wide range of commercial loans, including business term loans, equipment financing and lines of credit. Our target commercial loan market is small to medium-sized businesses, including retail and professional establishments. The terms of these loans vary by purpose and by type of underlying collateral. The commercial loans primarily are underwritten on the basis of the borrower s ability to service the loan from cash flow. We make loans secured by accounts receivable or inventory, principal typically is repaid as the assets securing the loan are converted into cash, and for loans secured with other types of collateral, principal is fully or partially amortized during the loan term with any balloon amount due at maturity. The quality of the commercial borrower s management and its ability both to properly evaluate 
 5 

changes in the supply and demand characteristics affecting its markets for products and services and to effectively respond to such changes are significant factors in a commercial borrower s creditworthiness. From time-to-time, we also make equipment loans with conservative margins, generally for a term of ten years or less, supported by the useful life of the equipment, at fixed or variable rates, with the loan fully amortizing over the term. Loans to support working capital typically have terms not exceeding two years and usually are secured by accounts receivable, inventory and/or personal guarantees of the principals of the business and at times by the commercial real estate of the borrower. Risks associated with our commercial loan portfolio include those related to the strength of the borrower s business, which may be affected not only by local, regional and national market conditions, but also changes in the borrower s management and other factors beyond the borrower s control; those related to fluctuations in value of any collateral securing the loan; and those related to terms of the commercial loan, which may include balloon payments that must be refinanced or paid off at the end of the term of the loan or mid-term interest rate resets, possi bly at increased interest rates. Our commercial loan portfolio presents a higher risk than our consumer real estate and consumer loan portfolios. 
 Consumer loans. As of December 31, 2022, our consumer loans represented less than 1 of our total loan portfolio. While consumer loans may not remain below 1 of our portfolio, we do not expect our consumer loans to become a material component of our loan portfolio in the near future. Although we do not engage in any material amount of consumer lending, our cons umer loans, which are underwritten primarily based on the borrower s financial condition and, contain both secured and unsecured credits, subject us to risk based on changes in the borrower s financial condition, which could be affected by numerous factors, including those discussed above. Rising interest rates may also impact the risk profile of this segment of the portfolio. 
 Credit Policy an d Procedures 
 General. We adhere to what we believe are disciplined underwriting standards, but also remain cognizant of the need to serve the credit needs of our clients by offering flexible loan solutions in a responsive and timely manner. We also seek to maintain a diversified loan portfolio across client, product and industry types. However, our lending policies do not provide for any loans that are highly speculative, subprime, or that have high loan-to-value ratios. These components, together with active credit management, are the foundation of our credit culture, which we believe is critical to enhancing the long-term value of our organization to our clients, employees, shareholders and communities. 
 We have a service-driven, relationship-based, business-focused credit culture, rather than a price-driven, transaction-based culture. Accordingly, substantially all of our loans are made to borrowers located or operating in our market with whom we have ongoing relationships across various product lines. Loans secured by properties located in out-of-market areas that we have made are generally to borrowers who are well-known to us. These borrowers typically have strong deposit relationships with the Bank as well. 
 Credit concentrations. In connection with the management of our credit portfolio, we actively manage the composition of our loan portfolio, including credit concentrations. We monitor borrower and loan product concentrations continuously and review with senior management and the Board on at least a quarterly basis. Loan product concentrations are reviewed annually in conjunction with the portfolio s credit quality and the business plan for the coming year. All concentrations are monitored by our Chief Credit Officer and our Directors' Loan Committee. We have also established an informal, internal lending limit to one relationship of up to 40 of unimpaired capital and allowance for loan losses, if secured by commercial real estate. A relationship in this instance is defined as loans made to different entities but with a shared borrower principal(s). For individual loans and loans dependent on the operation of a business, limits are set so as not to exceed the statutory maximum of 15 of unimpaired capital and allowance for loan losses. Our top 20 borrowing relationships range in exposure from 49.0 million to 127.5 million an d are monitored on an on-going basis. 
 Loan approval process. We seek to achieve an appropriate balance between prudent and disciplined underwriting on the one hand and flexibility in our decision-making and responsiveness to our clients on the other hand. Our credit approval policies have a tiered approval process, with larger exposures referred to different levels of management and the Directors Loan Committee, as appropriate, based on the size and type of the loan. Smaller exposures are approved under a three-signature system. These authorities are periodically reviewed and updated by our Board of Directors. We believe that our credit approval process provides for thorough underwriting and efficient decision making. 
 Credit risk management. Credit risk management involves a partnership between our relationship managers and our credit approval, credit administration, portfolio management and collections departments. Portfolio monitoring and early problem recognition are an important aspect of maintaining our high credit quality standards. Past due reports are reviewed on an ongoing basis and insurance and tax payment monitoring is in place. Our evaluation and compensation program for our relationship managers includes significant goals that we believe motivate the relationship managers to focus on high quality credit consistent with our strategic focus on asset quality. 
 It is our policy to review amortizing commercial loans in excess of 1 million on an annual basis, or more frequently through the receipt of interim and annual financial statements and borrowing base certificates depending on loan structure and 
 6 

covenants. Our policies require rapid notification of delinquency and prompt initiation of collection actions. Relationship managers, portfolio managers, credit administrators and senior management proactively support collection activities in order to maximize accountability and efficiency. 
 As part of these annual review procedures, we analyze recent financial statements of the collateral property, business and/or borrower to determine the current level of occupancy, revenues and expenses and to investigate any deterioration in the value of the real estate collateral or in the borrower s or company s financial condition. Upon completion, we confirm or change the risk rating assigned to each loan. Relationship managers and portfolio managers are encouraged to bring potential credit issues to the attention of our Chief Credit Officer immediately upon any sign of deterioration in the performance of the borrower. We maintain a list of loans that receive additional attention if we believe there may be a potential credit risk via our Watch List report. 
 Loans that are upgraded or downgraded are reviewed by our Chief Credit Officer, while Watch List loans undergo a detailed quarterly analysis prepared by the relationship manager or portfolio manager and reviewed by management. This review includes an evaluation of the market conditions, the property s or company s trends, the borrower and guarantor status, the level of reserves required and loan accrual status. Additionally, we have an independent, third-party loan review performed semi-annually, which includes the accuracy of our loan risk ratings and our credit administration functions. Finally, we perform an annual stress test of our commercial loan portfolio, in which we evaluate the impact on the portfolio of declining economic conditions, including lower values and decline in net operating income which may result from lower rental rates, lower occupancy rates and higher interest rates. Management reviews these reports and presents them to our loan committees. These asset review procedures provide management with additional information for assessing our asset quality. 
 Investment Activities 
 Our investment portfolio s primary purpose is to provide adequate liquidity necessary to meet any reasonable decline in deposits and any anticipated increase in the loan portfolio. The majority of these securities are classified as available for sale. The portfolio s secondary purpose is to generate adequate earnings to provide and contribute to stable income and to generate a profitable return while minimizing risk. Additionally, our investment portfolio may be used to provide adequate collateral for various regulatory or statutory requirements and to manage our interest rate risk. We invest in a variety of high-grade securities, including government agency securities, government guaranteed mortgage-backed securities, highly rated corporate bonds and municipal securities. We regularly evaluate the composition of our portfolio as changes occur with respect to the interest rate yield curve. Although we may sell investment securities from time to time to take advantage of changes in interest rate spreads, it is our policy not to sell investment securities unless we can reinvest the proceeds at a similar or higher spread, so as not to take gains to the detriment of future income. 
 The investment policy is reviewed annually by our Board of Directors. Overall investment goals are established by our Board of Directors, Chief Financial Officer and our asset/liability management committee, or ALCO. Our Board of Directors has delegated the responsibility of monitoring our investment activities to ALCO. Day-to-day activities pertaining to the investment portfolio are conducted within our accounting department under the supervision of our Chief Financial Officer. 
 Deposits 
 Deposits are our primary source of funds to support our income-earning assets. We offer traditional depository products, including checking, savings, money market and certificates of deposit with a variety of rates. Deposits at the Bank are insured by the FDIC up to statutory limits. We have built a network of deposit-taking branch offices and attracted significant transaction account business through our relationship-based approach. 
 Borrowed Funds 
 The Bank is a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston (FHLB), which is part of a twelve district Federal Home Loan Bank System. Members are required to own capital stock of the FHLB, and borrowings are collateralized by qualifying assets not otherwise pledged. The maximum amount of credit that the FHLB will extend varies from time to time, depending on its policies and the amount of qualifying collateral the member can pledge. We utilize advances from the FHLB as part of our overall funding strategy to meet short-term liquidity needs and, to a lesser degree, manage interest rate risk arising from the difference in asset and liability maturities. 
 On August 19, 2015, the Company co mpleted a private placement of 25.5 million in aggregate principal amount of fixed rate subordinated notes (the 2015 Notes to certain institutional investors. The 2015 Notes were non-callable for five years, had a stated maturity of August 15, 2025, and bore interest at a quarterly pay fixed rate of 5.75 per annum to the maturity date. The 2015 Notes became callable, in part or in whole, beginning August 2020. On May 15, 2021, the Company repaid 10.0 million of the 2015 Notes and on November 15, 2021, the Company repaid the remaining 15.5 million of the 2015 Notes. 
 7 

On October 14, 2021, the Company completed a private placement of a 35.0 million fixed-to-floating rate subordinated note (the 2021 Note to an institutional accredited investor. The Company used the net proceeds to repay the 2015 Notes and intends to use the remaining proceeds for general corporate purposes. 
 The 2021 Note bears interest at a fixed rate of 3.25 per year until October 14, 2026. Thereafter, the interest rate will reset quarterly at a variable rate equal to the then current three-month term SOFR plus 233 basis points. The 2021 Note has a stated maturity of October 15, 2031 and is non-callable for five years. Beginning October 15, 2026, the Company may redeem the 2021 Note, in whole or in part, at its option. The 2021 Note is not redeemable at the option of the holder. The 2021 Note has been structured to qualify for the Company as Tier 2 capital under regulatory guidelines. 
 On August 19, 2022, the Company entered into a Subordinated Note Purchase Agreement with certain qualified institutional buyers, pursuant to which the Company issued and sold 6.0 fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes due 2032 (the 2022 Notes in the aggregate principal amount of 35.0 million. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the sale of the 2022 Notes for general corporate purposes. 
 The 2022 Notes bear interest at a fixed rate of 6.0 per year, from and including August 19, 2022 to, but excluding, September 1, 2027. From and including September 1, 2027 to, but excluding the maturity date or early redemption date, the interest rate will reset quarterly at a variable rate equal to the then current three-month term SOFR plus 326 basis points. The 2022 Notes have a stated maturity of September 1, 2032 and are non-callable for five years. The Company may redeem the 2022 Notes, in whole or in part, at its option, on the fifth anniversary of the issue date or on any interest payment date thereafter. Any redemption by the Company would be at a redemption price equal to 100 of the principal amount of the 2022 Notes being redeemed, together with any accrued and unpaid interest on the 2022 Notes being redeemed to but excluding the date of redemption. The 2022 Notes are not subject to redemption at the option of the holder. The 2022 Notes have been structured to qualify for the Company as Tier 2 capital under regulatory guidelines. 
 Risk Management 
 We place significant emphasis on risk mitigation as an integral component of our organizational culture. We believe that our emphasis on risk management is manifested in our historically solid asset quality statistics. The Company s existing governance and organizational structure incorporates a substantial risk management component through the following: 
 The retention of an independent accounting firm (separate from the Company s auditors) that performs internal audit reviews; 
 The utilization of a Directors Loan Committee and ALCO, both comprised of directors of the Company; 
 Outsourcing of our asset/liability calculations to a reputable third party, including a quarterly assessment of interest rate risk, reviewed and validated by ALCO; 
 A Risk Management Steering Committee which is chaired by our Chief Risk Officer. 
 Risk management with respect to our lending philosophy focuses, among other things, on structuring credits to provide for multiple sources of repayment, coupled with strong underwriting by experienced relationship managers, lending and credit management. We perform quarterly reviews of criticized loans and criticized asset action plans for those borrowers who display deteriorating financial conditions in order to monitor those relationships and implement corrective measures on a timely basis to minimize losses. In addition, we perform an annual stress test of our commercial loan portfolio, in which we evaluate the impact on the portfolio of declining property values and lower net operating incomes as a result of economic conditions, including lower rental rates and lower occupancy rates. The stress test focuses only on the cash flow and valuation of the properties or businesses and ignores the liquidity, net worth and cash flow of any guarantors related to the credits. 
 Supervision and Regulation 
 General 
 The Bank is subject to extensive regulation by the Connecticut Department of Banking, as its chartering agency, and by the FDIC, as its deposit insurer. The Bank s deposits are insured up to applicable limits by the FDIC through the Deposit Insurance Fund. The Bank is required to file reports with, and is periodically examined by, the FDIC and the Connecticut Department of Banking concerning its activities and financial condition and must obtain regulatory approvals prior to entering into certain transactions, such as mergers with, or acquisitions of, other financial institutions. 
 The primary goals of the bank regulatory system are to maintain a safe and sound banking system and to facilitate the conduct of sound monetary policy. This system is intended primarily for the protection of the Deposit Insurance Fund and bank depositors, rather than our shareholders and creditors. The banking agencies have broad enforcement power over bank holding companies and banks, including the authority, among other things, to enjoin unsafe or unsound practices, require affirmative action to correct any violation or practice, issue administrative orders that can be judicially enforced, direct increases in capital, direct the sale of subsidiaries or other assets, limit dividends and distributions, restrict growth, assess civil money penalties, 
 8 

remove officers and directors, and, with respect to banks, terminate deposit insurance or place the bank into conservatorship or receivership. In general, these enforcement actions may be initiated for violations of laws and regulations or unsafe or unsound practices. 
 The following discussion is a summary of the material laws, rules and regulations applicable to our operations, but does not purport to be a complete summary of all applicable laws, rules and regulations. These laws, rules and regulations may change from time to time and the regulatory agencies often have broad discretion in interpreting them. Any change in such laws, rules or regulations, whether by the Connecticut Department of Banking, the FDIC or the Federal Reserve Board could have a material adverse impact on the financial markets in general, and our operations and activities, financial condition, results of operations, growth plans and future prospects specifically. 
 Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act 
 The Dodd-Frank Act, which was enacted in 2008, has significantly changed the current bank regulatory structure and continues to affect the lending and investment activities and general operations of depository institutions and their holding companies. 
 The Dodd-Frank Act created the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau with extensive powers to implement and enforce consumer protection laws. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau has broad rulemaking authority for a wide range of consumer protection laws that apply to all banks and savings associations including, among other things, the authority to prohibit unfair, deceptive or abusive acts and practices. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau has examination and enforcement authority over all banks and savings associations with more than 10 billion in assets. Banks and savings associations with 10 billion or less in assets will continue to be examined for compliance with federal consumer protection and fair lending laws by their applicable primary federal bank regulators. The Dodd-Frank Act also gives state attorneys general certain authority to enforce applicable federal consumer protection laws. 
 The Dodd-Frank Act made many other changes to banking regulations including authorizing depository institutions, for the first time, to pay interest on business checking accounts, requiring originators of securitized loans to retain a percentage of the risk for transferred loans, establishing regulatory rate-setting for certain debit card interchange fees, establishing a number of reforms for mortgage originations, requiring bank holding companies and banks to be well capitalized and well managed in order to acquire banks located outside of their home state, requiring any bank holding company electing to be treated as a financial holding company to be well capitalized and well managed and authorizing national and state banks to establish de novo branches in any state that would permit a bank chartered in that state to open a branch at that location. 
 Much of the rulemaking under the Dodd-Frank Act has been completed. Digesting and implementing that rulemaking has inevitably resulted in increases in our operating and compliance costs. The rulemaking that remains may also have a similar impact. 
 In addition, many aspects of the regulatory changes made by the Dodd Frank Act continue to generate debate in political circles as well as within the regulatory agencies that oversee the banking systems and financial markets. While the exact scope, nature and timing of any legislative and/or regulatory changes cannot necessarily be predicted, it is likely that changes will continue to occur. And it is possible that the changes could negatively impact our operations, cash flows or financial condition, impose additional costs on us, intensify the regulatory supervision of us or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Economic Growth Act 
 The Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act (the Economic Growth Act ), which was enacted in May 2018, repealed or modified several provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act. In addition, the Economic Growth Act includes regulatory relief for community banks regarding regulatory examination cycles, call reports, the Volcker Rule, mortgage disclosures and risk weights for certain high-risk commercial real estate loans. 
 Among other things, Section 201 of the Economic Growth Act required the federal banking agencies to develop regulations establishing a community bank leverage ratio for banks and holding companies with less than 10 billion in consolidated assets and a qualifying risk profile. The final rule, which became effective on January 1, 2020, provides certain qualifying institutions with an optional, simpler method to measure capital adequacy. Under the rule, banks and bank holding companies that have less than 10 billion in total consolidated assets and meet other qualifying criteria, including a leverage ratio (equal to tier 1 capital divided by average total consolidated assets) of greater than 9 percent, off-balance sheet exposures of 25 or less of total consolidated assets and trading assets plus trading liabilities of 5 or less of total consolidated assets, are eligible to opt into the community bank leverage ratio ("CBLR") framework. Qualifying organizations that elect to use the CBLR framework, and that maintain a leverage ratio greater than 9 percent, will be considered to have satisfied the generally applicable risk-based and leverage capital requirements in the banking agencies' capital rules. Qualifying organizations will also be deemed to have met the "well capitalized" ratio requirements for purposes of Section 38 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act. The final rules include a two-quarter grace period during which a qualifying community banking organization that 
 9 

temporarily fails to meet any of the qualifying criteria, including the greater-than-9 leverage capital ratio requirement, is generally still deemed "well capitalized" so long as the banking organization maintains a leverage capital ratio greater than 8 . A banking organization that fails to maintain a leverage capital ratio greater than 8 is not permitted to use the grace period and must comply with the generally applicable requirements under the Basel III rules and file the appropriate regulatory reports. We do not have any immediate plans to elect to use the CBLR framework but may make such an election in the future. 
 The Economic Growth Act provides insured depository institutions and their affiliates with less than 10 billion in total consolidated assets and limited trading activities with an exemption from the Dodd-Frank Act s Volcker Rule (which generally restricts certain banking entities such as the Company and the Bank from engaging in proprietary trading activities and entering into certain relationships with hedge funds and private-equity funds). The FDIC, along with several other banking agencies, adopted final rules to implement the exemption contemplated by the Economic Growth Act. 
 The Economic Growth Act increased the consolidated assets limit for bank holding companies covered by the Federal Reserve Board s Small Bank Holding Company Policy Statement (the Policy) from 1 billion to 3 billion. In addition to the consolidated assets limit, a covered bank holding company may not be engaged in significant non-banking and off-balance sheet activities and may not have a material amount of debt or equity securities outstanding (other than trust preferred securities) that are registered with the SEC. The Policy also excludes covered bank holding companies from the minimum capital requirements of the Dodd-Frank Act. The Federal Reserve Board retains the authority to exclude any bank holding company from the Policy if such action is warranted for supervisory purposes. The Policy allows covered bank holding companies to operate with higher levels of debt than would normally be permitted. Under the Policy, a covered bank holding company is prohibited from paying dividends if its debt-to-equity ratio exceeds 1:1. In addition, the Federal Reserve Board expects that bank holding companies will retire all debt within 25 years of being incurred and reduce their debt to equity ratio to 30:1 or less within 12 years of incurring the debt. The Policy also directs that each depository institution subsidiary of a covered bank holding company remain well-capitalized. On August 28, 2018, the Federal Reserve Board issued an interim final rule regarding revisions to the Policy prompted by the Economic Growth Act. As a result of its growth, as of December 31, 2022, the Company is no longer a covered bank holding company under the Policy. 
 
 The Economic Growth Act increased the consolidated assets threshold from 1 billion to 3 billion for insured depository institutions that qualify for an 18-month on-site exam cycle. Consistent with this statutory amendment, in August of 2018, the federal banking agencies issued an interim final rule to increase, from 1 billion to 3 billion, the total asset threshold under which an agency may apply an 18-month examination cycle for qualified institutions that have an "outstanding" or "good" composite rating. 
 The Economic Growth Act required the federal banking agencies to promulgate regulations permitting insured depository institutions that have less than 5 billion in total consolidated assets (and satisfy other conditions) to use short-form reports of condition (i.e. call reports) for the first and third quarters of each year. On June 17, 2019, the federal banking agencies issued final rules to implement those streamlined reporting requirements. 
 The CARES Act and Initiatives Related to COVID-19 
 In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act CARES Act was signed into law on March 27, 2020 to provide national emergency econo mic relief measures. It is possible that Congress may enact additional legislation to address the social and economic disruptions caused by the pandemic. The Company continues to monitor any statutes, regulations and supervisory guidance related to the COVID-19 pandemic. On January 30, 2023, the Biden Administration announced its intent to end the national emergency and public health emergency declarations on May 11, 2023. 
 Connecticut Banking Laws and Supervision 
 Connecticut Department of Banking. The Connecticut Department of Banking regulates the internal organization as well as the deposit, lending and investment activities of state-chartered banks, including the Bank. The approval of the Connecticut Department of Banking is required for, among other things, the establishment of branch offices and business combination transactions. The Connecticut Department of Banking conducts periodic examinations of Connecticut chartered banks. The FDIC also regulates many of the areas regulated by the Connecticut Department of Banking, and federal law may limit some of the authority provided to Connecticut chartered banks by Connecticut law. 
 Lending Activities. Connecticut banking laws grant banks broad lending authority. With certain limited exceptions, loans to any one obligor under this statutory authority may not exceed 15 and fully secured loans may not exceed an additional 10 of a bank s equity capital and allowance for loan losses. 
 Dividends. The Bank may pay cash dividends out of its net profits. For purposes of this restriction, net profits represents the remainder of all earnings from current operations. Further, the total amount of all dividends declared by a bank in any year may not exceed the sum of a bank s net profits for the year in question combined with its retained net profits from the preceding two years. Federal law also prevents an institution from paying dividends or making other capital distributions that, if by doing so, would cause it to become under-capitalized . Beginning January 1, 2016, the Basel III Capital Rules limit the 
 10 

amount of dividends the Bank can pay if its capital ratios are below the threshold levels of the capital conservation buffer established by the rules. The full capital conservation buffer of 2.5 (as a percentage of risk-weighted assets) became effective as of January 1, 2019. The capital conservation buffer is in addition to the minimum risk-based capital requirement. The FDIC may further limit a bank s ability to pay dividends. Moreover, the federal agencies have issued policy statements that provide that insured banks should generally only pay dividends out of current operating earnings. 
 Powers . Connecticut banking law authorizes Connecticut chartered banks to transact a "general banking business" and "all such incidental powers as are necessary thereto". With the prior approval of the Connecticut Department of Banking, Connecticut banks are also authorized to engage in activities that are closely related to the business of banking, are convenient and useful to the business of banking, are reasonably related to the operation of a Connecticut bank, are financial in nature or that are permitted under the Bank Holding Company Act or the Home Owners Loan Act, both federal statutes, or the regulations promulgated as a result of those federal statutes. Connecticut banks are also authorized to engage in any activity permitted for certain federally chartered institutions, as well as for certain out-of-state institutions, upon filing a notice with the Connecticut Department of Banking unless the Connecticut Department of Banking disapproves the activity. 
 Assessments. Connecticut banks are required to pay annual assessments to the Connecticut Department of Banking to fund the Connecticut Department of Banking s operations. The general assessments are paid pro-rata based upon a bank s asset size. 
 Enforcement. Under Connecticut law, the Connecticut Department of Banking has extensive enforcement authority over Connecticut banks and, under certain circumstances, affiliated parties, insiders, and agents. The Connecticut Department of Banking s enforcement authority includes cease and desist orders, fines, receivership, conservatorship, removal of officers and directors, emergency closures, dissolution and liquidation. 
 Federal Bank Holding Company Regulation 
 General. As a bank holding company, we are subject to comprehensive regulation and regular examinations by the Federal Reserve Board. The Federal Reserve Board also has extensive enforcement authority over bank holding companies, including, among other things, the ability to assess civil money penalties, to issue cease and desist or removal orders and to require that a bank holding company divest subsidiaries (including its bank subsidiaries). In general, enforcement actions may be initiated for violations of law and regulations and unsafe or unsound practices. 
 Under Federal Reserve Board policy which has been codified by the Dodd-Frank Act, a bank holding company must serve as a source of strength for its subsidiary bank. Under this policy, the Federal Reserve Board may require, and has required in the past, a bank holding company to contribute additional capital to an under-capitalized subsidiary bank. A bank holding company must obtain Federal Reserve Board approval before: (1) acquiring, directly or indirectly, ownership or control of any voting securities of another bank or bank holding company if, after such acquisition, it would own or control more than 5 of such securities (unless it already owns or controls the majority of such securities); (2) acquiring all or substantially all of the assets of another bank or bank holding company; or (3) merging or consolidating with another bank holding company. Under Connecticut banking law, no person may acquire beneficial ownership of more than 10 of any class of voting securities of a Connecticut chartered bank, or any bank holding company of such a bank, without prior notification of, and lack of disapproval by, the Connecticut Department of Banking. 
 The Bank Holding Company Act also prohibits a bank holding company, with certain exceptions, from acquiring direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 5 of the voting shares of any company which is not a bank or bank holding company, or from engaging directly or indirectly in activities other than those of banking, managing or controlling banks, or providing services for its subsidiaries. The principal exceptions to these prohibitions involve certain non-bank activities which, by statute or by Federal Reserve Board regulation or order, have been identified as activities closely related to the business of banking or managing or controlling banks. The list of activities permitted by the Federal Reserve Board includes, among other things: (1) operating a savings institution, mortgage company, finance company, credit card company or factoring company; (2) performing certain data processing operations; (3) providing certain investment and financial advice; (4) underwriting and acting as an insurance agent for certain types of credit-related insurance; (5) leasing property on a full-payout, non-operating basis; (6) selling money orders, travelers checks and United States savings bonds; (7) real estate and personal property appraising; (8) providing tax planning and preparation services; (9) financing and investing in certain community development activities; and (10) subject to certain limitations, providing securities brokerage services for clients. 
 Dividends. The Federal Reserve Board has issued a policy statement on the payment of cash dividends by bank holding companies, which expresses the Federal Reserve Board s view that a bank holding company should pay cash dividends only to the extent that the Bank Holding Company s net income for the past year is sufficient to cover both the cash dividends and a rate of earnings retention that is consistent with the Bank Holding Company s capital needs, asset quality and overall financial condition. The Federal Reserve Board also indicated that it would be inappropriate for a bank holding company experiencing serious financial problems to borrow funds to pay dividends. As discussed above, the Federal Reserve Board s Small Bank 
 11 

Holding Company Policy Statement includes provisions regulating the payment of dividends by companies subject to that policy statement. 
 Substantially all of our income is derived from, and the principal source of our liquidity is, dividends from the Bank. The ability of the Bank to pay dividends to us is also restricted by federal and state laws, regulations and policies. The Bank may pay cash dividends out of its net profits. For purposes of this restriction, net profits represents the remainder of all earnings from current operations. Further, the total amount of all dividends declared by a bank in any year may not exceed the sum of a bank s net profits for the past two fiscal years, plus the portion of the year in which the dividend is paid. 
 Under federal law, the Bank may not pay any dividend to us if the Bank is under-capitalized or the payment of the dividend would cause it to become under-capitalized. The Basel III Capital Rules limit the amount of dividends the Bank can pay to us if its capital ratios are below the full capital conservation buffer of 2.5 (as a percentage of risk-weighted assets). The capital conservation buffer is in addition to the minimum risk-based capital requirement. The FDIC may further restrict the payment of dividends by requiring the Bank to maintain a higher level of capital than would otherwise be required for it to be adequately capitalized for regulatory purposes. Moreover, if, in the opinion of the FDIC, the Bank is engaged in an unsafe or unsound practice (which could include the payment of dividends), the FDIC may require, generally after notice and hearing, it to cease such practice. The FDIC has indicated that paying dividends that deplete a depository institution s capital base to an inadequate level would be an unsafe banking practice. The FDIC has also issued policy statements providing that insured depository institutions generally should pay dividends only out of current operating earnings. 
 Redemption. Bank holding companies are required to give the Federal Reserve Board prior written notice of any purchase or redemption of its outstanding equity securities if the gross consideration for the purchase or redemption, when combined with the net consideration paid for all such purchases or redemptions during the preceding 12 months, is equal to 10 or more of the consolidated net worth of the bank holding company. The Federal Reserve Board may disapprove such a purchase or redemption if it determines that the proposal would constitute an unsafe or unsound practice or would violate any law, regulation, Federal Reserve Board order or any condition imposed by, or written agreement with, the Federal Reserve Board. This notification requirement does not apply to any bank holding company that (i) meets the well capitalized standard for commercial banks, (ii) is well managed within the meaning of the Federal Reserve Board regulations and (iii) is not subject to any unresolved supervisory issues. As discussed above, the Federal Reserve Board s Small Bank Holding Company Policy Statement includes provisions regulating stock redemptions by companies subject to that policy statement, including when such notice requirements apply. 
 Federal Bank Regulation 
 Safety and Soundness. The federal banking agencies, including the FDIC, have implemented rules and guidelines concerning standards for safety and soundness required pursuant to Section 39 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act, or FDICIA. In general, the standards relate to (1) operational and managerial matters; (2) asset quality and earnings; and (3) compensation. The operational and managerial standards cover (a) internal controls and information systems, (b) internal audit systems, (c) loan documentation, (d) credit underwriting, (e) interest rate exposure, (f) asset growth, and (g) compensation, fees and benefits. Under the asset quality and earnings standards, the Bank is required to establish and maintain systems to (i) identify problem assets and prevent deterioration in those assets, and (ii) evaluate and monitor earnings and ensure that earnings are sufficient to maintain adequate capital reserves. Finally, the compensation standard states that compensation will be considered excessive if it is unreasonable or disproportionate to the services actually performed by the individual being compensated. If an insured state-chartered bank fails to meet any of the standards promulgated by regulation, then such institution will be required to submit a plan within 30 days to the FDIC specifying the steps it will take to correct the deficiency. In the event that an insured state-chartered bank fails to submit or fails in any material respect to implement a compliance plan within the time allowed by the federal banking agency, Section 39 of the FDICIA provides that the FDIC must order the institution to correct the deficiency and may (1) restrict asset growth; (2) require the bank to increase its ratio of tangible equity to assets; (3) restrict the rates of interest that the bank may pay; or (4) take any other action that would better carry out the purpose of prompt corrective action. We believe that the Bank has been and will continue to be in compliance with each of the standards as they have been adopted by the FDICIA. 
 Capital Requirements. The Federal Reserve Board monitors our capital adequacy, on a consolidated basis, and the FDIC and Connecticut Department of Banking monitor the capital adequacy of the Bank. 
 The Federal Reserve, the FDIC and the other federal and state bank regulatory agencies establish regulatory capital guidelines for U.S. banking organizations. 
 As of January 1, 2015, the Company and the Bank became subject to new capital rules set forth by the Federal Reserve, the FDIC and the other federal and state bank regulatory agencies. The new capital rules revise the banking agencies leverage and risk-based capital requirements and the method for calculating risk weighted assets to make them consistent with agreements that were reached by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision and certain provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act (the Basel III Capital Rules). 
 12 

The Basel III Capital Rules establish a new minimum common equity Tier 1 capital requirement of 4.5 of risk-weighted assets; set the minimum leverage ratio at 4 of total assets; increased the minimum Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets requirement from 4 to 6 ; and retained the minimum total capital to risk weighted assets requirement at 8.0 . A well-capitalized institution must generally maintain capital ratios 200 basis points higher than the minimum guidelines. 
 The Basel III Capital Rules also change the risk weights assigned to certain assets. The Basel III Capital Rules assigned a higher risk weight (150 to loans that are more than 90 days past due or are on nonaccrual status and to certain commercial real estate facilities that finance the acquisition, development or construction of real property. The Basel III Capital Rules also alter the risk weighting for other assets, including marketable equity securities that are risk weighted generally at 300 . The Basel III Capital Rules require certain components of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) to be included for purposes of calculating regulatory capital requirements unless a one-time opt-out is exercised. The Bank did exercise its opt-out option and will exclude the unrealized gain (loss) on investment securities component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) from regulatory capital. 
 The Basel III Capital Rules limit a banking organization s capital distributions and certain discretionary bonus payments to executive officers if the banking organization does not hold a capital conservation buffer of 2.5 in addition to the minimum risk based capital requirement. 
 Failure to meet minimum capital requirements can initiate certain mandatory and possibly additional discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have a direct material effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 Liquidity . We are required to maintain a sufficient amount of liquid assets to ensure our safe and sound operation. 
 The final Basel III framework also requires banks and bank holding companies to measure their liquidity against specific liquidity tests. Although similar in some respects to liquidity measures historically applied by banks and banking agencies for management and supervisory purposes, the Basel III framework requires specific liquidity tests by rule. 
 Transactions with Affiliates. Under federal law, transactions between depository institutions and their affiliates are governed by Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act, or FRA, and the Federal Reserve Board s Regulation W. In a holding company context, at a minimum, the parent holding company of a bank and any companies which are controlled by such parent holding company are considered an affiliate of the bank. Generally, Section 23A limits the extent to which the bank or its subsidiaries may engage in covered transactions with any one affiliate to 10 of such bank s capital stock and surplus, and places an aggregate limit on all such transactions with all affiliates at 20 of capital stock and surplus. The term covered transaction includes, among other things, the making of loans or other extensions of credit to an affiliate and the purchase of assets from an affiliate. Section 23A also establishes specific collateral requirements for loans or extensions of credit to an affiliate, or the issuance of guarantees, acceptance, or letter of credit on behalf of an affiliate. Section 23B requires that covered transactions and a broad list of other specified transactions be on terms substantially the same, or no less favorable, to the bank or its subsidiary as similar transactions with non-affiliates. The Dodd-Frank Act has expanded the definition of covered transactions and increased the timing and other aspects of the collateral requirements associated with covered transactions, including an expansion of the covered transactions to include credit exposures related to derivatives, repurchase agreements and securities lending arrangements and an increase in the amount of time for which collateral requirements regarding covered transactions must be satisfied. 
 Loans to Insiders. Further, the FRA places restrictions on extensions of credit that can be made by a depository institution to its directors, executive officers, and principal shareholders (or insiders) and to the insiders of its affiliates. Many of those restrictions also apply to the "related interests" of those insiders. For example, a bank is generally not permitted to extend credit to any insider of the bank, or insider of an affiliate, if the extension, when aggregated with all other outstanding extensions of credit to those insiders and their related interests, exceeds the bank's total unimpaired capital and unimpaired surplus. Extensions of credit to those insiders, and their related interests, that exceed certain specified amounts must receive the prior approval of the board of directors. Further, extensions of credit to insiders and their related interests must be made on terms substantially the same as offered in comparable transactions to other non-insiders, subject to an exception of extensions of credit made under a benefit or compensation program that is widely available to the depository institution s employees that does not give preference to the insider over the employees. The FRA places additional limitations on extensions of credit to executive officers. In addition to enhancing restrictions on insider transactions, the Dodd-Frank Act increased the types of transactions with insiders subject to restrictions, including certain asset sales with insiders. 
 Enforcement. The FDIC has extensive enforcement authority over insured banks, including the Bank. This enforcement authority includes, among other things, the ability to assess civil money penalties, issue cease and desist orders and remove directors and officers. In general, these enforcement actions may be initiated in response to violations of laws and regulations and unsafe or unsound practices. 
 The FDIC has authority under federal law to appoint a conservator or receiver for an insured bank under limited circumstances. The FDIC is required, with certain exceptions, to appoint a receiver or conservator for an insured state non- 
 13 

member bank if that bank was critically under-capitalized on average during the calendar quarter beginning 270 days after the date on which the institution became critically under-capitalized. The FDIC may also appoint itself as conservator or receiver for an insured state non-member institution under specific circumstances on the basis of the institution s financial condition or upon the occurrence of other events, including: (1) insolvency; (2) substantial dissipation of assets or earnings through violations of law or unsafe or unsound practices; (3) existence of an unsafe or unsound condition to transact business; and (4) insufficient capital, or the incurring of losses that will deplete substantially all of the institution s capital with no reasonable prospect of replenishment without federal assistance. 
 Insurance of Deposit Accounts. Deposit accounts at the Bank are insured by the Deposit Insurance Fund, generally up to a maximum of 250,000 per separately insured depositor. The FDIC assesses insured depository institutions to maintain the Deposit Insurance Fund. No institution may pay a dividend if in default of its deposit insurance assessment. 
 Under the FDIC s risk-based assessment system, insured depository institutions are assigned to a risk category based on supervisory evaluations, regulatory capital levels and other factors. A depository institution s assessment rate depends upon the category to which it is assigned and certain adjustments specified by the F DIC, with less risky institutions paying lower assessments. Subject to certain adjustments, the range of assessment rates is now between 1.5 to 30 ba sis points of the assessment base. 
 The Dodd-Frank Act increased the minimum Deposit Insurance Fund ratio from 1.15 of estimated insured deposits to 1.35 of estimated insured deposits. Currently, the fund ratio stands at a point where it exceeds that minimum threshold. There is no maximum cap on the fund ratio and the FDIC has been given the discretion to establish, on an annual basis, a long-range target ratio for the fund, to better ensure that the fund is not significantly stressed by future economic downturns. For both 2020 and 2021, the FDIC has exercised that discretion by establishing a 2 fund reserve ratio as a long-range minimum target for setting assessment rates. Effective June 26, 2020, the FDIC adopted a rule to mitigate the effects on deposit insurance assessments resulting from a bank s participation in the PPP and certain other relief programs administered by the Federal Reserve Board. 
 A material increase in FDIC insurance premiums would likely have an adverse effect on the operating expenses and results of operations of the Bank. Management cannot predict what FDIC insurance assessment rates will be in the future. 
 Insurance of deposits may be terminated by the FDIC upon a finding that a depository institution has engaged in unsafe or unsound practices, is in an unsafe or unsound condition to continue operations or has violated any applicable law, regulation, rule, order or condition imposed by the FDIC. We are not aware of any current practice, condition or violation that might lead to termination of the Bank s deposit insurance. 
 Deposit Operations. In addition to the regulations above, the Bank s deposit operations are subject to other federal laws applicable to depository accounts, such as the: 
 Truth-In-Savings Act, requiring certain disclosures for consumer deposit accounts; 
 Right to Financial Privacy Act, which imposes a duty to maintain confidentiality of consumer financial records and prescribes procedures for complying with administrative subpoenas of financial records; 
 Electronic Fund Transfer Act and Regulation E issued by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to implement that act, which govern electronic deposits to and withdrawals from deposit accounts and clients rights and liabilities arising from the use of automated teller machines and other electronic banking services; and 
 Rules and regulations of the various federal banking agencies charged with the responsibility of implementing these federal laws. 
 Federal Reserve System. The Federal Reserve Board regulations require depository institutions to maintain noninterest earning reserves against their transaction accounts (primarily NOW and regular checking accounts). The Federal Reserve Board regulations are adjusted annually and generally provide that reserves be maintained against aggregate transaction accounts. However, effective March 26, 2020, the Federal Reserve Board reduced reserve requirement ratios to zero percent, in light of the shift to an ample reserves regime. This action eliminates the need for thousands of depository institutions to maintain balances in accounts at Reserve Banks to satisfy reserve requirements, thereby freeing up liquidity in the banking system to support lending to households and businesses. The Bank is in compliance with reserve requirements. 
 Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston (FHLB). The Bank is a member of the FHLB, which is one of the regional Federal Home Loan Banks composing the Federal Home Loan Bank System. Each Federal Home Loan Bank serves as a central credit facility primarily for its member institutions. The Bank, as a member of the FHLB, is required to acquire and hold shares of capital stock in the FHLB. 
 Community Reinvestment Act (CRA). Under the CRA, as implemented by FDIC regulations, a bank has a continuing and affirmative obligation, consistent with its safe and sound operation, to help meet the credit needs of its entire community, 
 14 

including low and moderate income neighborhoods. The CRA does not establish specific lending requirements or programs for financial institutions nor does it limit an institution s discretion to develop the types of products and services that it believes are best suited to its particular community. The CRA does require the FDIC, in connection with its examination of a bank, to assess the bank s record of meeting the credit needs of its community and to take such record into account in its evaluation of certain applications by such bank, including applications to acquire branches and other financial institutions. The CRA requires the FDIC to provide a written evaluation of a bank s CRA performance utilizing a four-tiered descriptive rating system. In particular, the system focuses on three tests: 
 A lending test, to evaluate the bank s record of making loans in its assessment areas; 
 An investment test, to evaluate the bank s record of investing in community development projects, affordable housing, and programs benefiting low or moderate income individuals and businesses; and 
 A service test, to evaluate the bank s delivery of services through its branches, ATMs, and other offices. 
 Connecticut has its own statutory counterpart to the CRA which is applicable to the Bank. The Connecticut version of CRA is generally similar to the federal version, but utilizes a five-tiered descriptive rating system. Connecticut law requires the Connecticut Department of Banking to consider, but not be limited to, a bank s record of performance under the Connecticut CRA in considering any application by the Bank to establish a branch or other deposit-taking facility, to relocate an office or to merge or consolidate with or acquire the assets and assume the liabilities of any other banking institution. In our most recent evaluation, the Bank received a CRA rating of satisfactory . 
 Consumer Protection and Fair Lending Regulations. We are subject to a variety of federal and Connecticut statutes and regulations that are intended to protect consumers and prohibit discrimination in the granting of credit. These statutes and regulations provide for a range of sanctions for non-compliance with their terms, including imposition of administrative fines and remedial orders, and referral to the Attorney General for prosecution of a civil action for actual and punitive damages and injunctive relief. Certain of these statutes authorize private individual and class action lawsuits and the award of actual, statutory and punitive damages and attorneys fees for certain types of violations. 
 At the federal level, these laws include, among others, the following: 
 Federal Truth-In-Lending Act, governing disclosures of credit terms to consumer borrowers (Connecticut chartered banks are generally exempt from the Federal Truth-in-Lending Act, but are otherwise subject to a substantially similar state Truth-in-Lending Act administered and enforced by the Connecticut Department of Banking); 
 Home Mortgage Disclosure Act of 1975, requiring financial institutions to provide information to enable the public and public officials to determine whether a financial institution is fulfilling its obligation to help meet the housing needs of the community it serves; 
 Equal Credit Opportunity Act, prohibiting discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion or other prohibited factors in extending credit; 
 Fair Credit Reporting Act of 1978, governing the use of consumer credit reports and the provision of information to credit reporting agencies; 
 Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, governing the manner in which consumer debts may be collected by collection agencies; 
 Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, governing closing costs and settlement procedures and disclosures to consumers related thereto; 
 Service members Civil Relief Act of 2004, governing the repayment terms of, and property rights underlying, secured obligations of persons in military service; and 
 Rules and regulations of the various federal agencies charged with the responsibility of implementing these federal laws. 
 Additional Considerations 
 Regulatory Enforcement Authority. Federal banking agencies have substantial enforcement authority over the financial institutions that they regulate including, among other things, the ability to assess civil money penalties, to issue cease-and-desist or removal orders and to initiate injunctive actions against banking organizations and institution-affiliated parties, as defined. In general, these enforcement actions may be initiated for violations of laws and regulations and unsafe or unsound practices. Other actions or inactions may provide the basis for enforcement action, including misleading or untimely reports filed with regulatory authorities. Except under certain circumstances, federal law requires public disclosure of final enforcement actions by the federal banking agencies. 
 15 

Incentive Compensation Guidance. The federal banking agencies have released comprehensive guidance on incentive compensation policies focused on ensuring that financial institutions incentive compensation policies do not undermine the safety and soundness of those institutions by encouraging excessive risk taking. The incentive compensation guidance sets expectations for financial institutions concerning their incentive compensation arrangements and related risk management, control and governance processes. All employees that have the ability to materially affect the risk profile of a financial institution, either individually or as part of a group, are covered by the guidance. The guidance is based upon three core concepts: (1) balanced risk-taking incentives; (2) effective controls and risk management compatibility; and (3) strong corporate governance. Deficiencies in compensation practices that are identified may be incorporated into the institution s supervisory ratings, which can affect the organization s ability to take certain actions, including the ability to make acquisitions or take other actions. Enforcement actions by the institution s primary federal banking agency may be initiated if the institution s incentive compensation programs pose a risk to the safety and soundness of the organization. 
 Federal Securities Laws. As a public company, we also file reports with the SEC and are subject to its regulatory authority, as well as the disclosure and regulatory requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, with respect to our securities, financial reporting and certain governance matters. Because our securities are listed on the Nasdaq Global Market Nasdaq ), we are subject to Nasdaq's rules for listed companies, including rules relating to corporate governance. 
 Financial Modernization. The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, or the GLBA, permits greater affiliation among banks, securities firms, insurance companies, and other companies under a type of financial services company known as a financial holding company . A financial holding company essentially is a bank holding company with significantly expanded powers. Financial holding companies are authorized by statute to engage in a number of financial activities previously impermissible for bank holding companies, including securities underwriting, dealing and market making; sponsoring mutual funds and investment companies; insurance underwriting and agency; and merchant banking activities. The GLBA also permits the Federal Reserve Board and the Treasury Department to authorize additional activities for financial holding companies if they are financial in nature or incidental to financial activities. A bank holding company may become a financial holding company if each of its subsidiary banks is well capitalized, well managed, and has at least a satisfactory CRA rating. A financial holding company must provide notice to the Federal Reserve Board within 30 days after commencing activities previously determined by statute or by the Federal Reserve Board and Department of the Treasury to be permissible. We have not submitted notice to the Federal Reserve Board of intent to be deemed a financial holding company. However, we are not precluded from submitting a notice in the future should we wish to engage in activities only permitted to financial holding companies. 
 Privacy Requirements. Under the GLBA, all financial institutions are required to establish policies and procedures to restrict the sharing of non-public client data with non-affiliated parties and to protect client data from unauthorized access. In addition, the Fair Credit Reporting Act of 1970, or FCRA, includes many provisions concerning national credit reporting standards and permits consumers, including clients of the Bank, to opt out of information-sharing for marketing purposes among affiliated companies. The Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act of 2004 amended certain provisions of the FCRA and requires banks and other financial institutions to notify their clients if they report negative information about them to a credit bureau or if they are granted credit on terms less favorable than those generally available. The Bank currently has a privacy protection policy in place and believes such policy is in compliance with the regulations. 
 The Bank Secrecy Act and Related Anti-Money Laundering and Anti-Terrorist Financing Legislation. The Bank Secrecy Act, or the BSA, provides, in part, for the facilitation of information sharing among governmental entities and financial institutions for the purpose of combating terrorism and money laundering by enhancing anti-money laundering and financial transparency laws, as well as enhanced information collection tools and enforcement mechanics for the U.S. government, including: (1) requiring standards for verifying client identification information at account opening; (2) rules to promote cooperation among financial institutions, regulators, and law enforcement entities in identifying parties that may be involved in terrorism or money laundering; (3) reports filed with the Treasury Department s Financial Crimes Enforcement Network of transactions exceeding 10,000 in currency; (4) filing suspicious activities reports by financial institutions regarding suspected client money laundering, terrorism financing, or other violations of U.S. laws and regulations; and (5) requiring enhanced due diligence requirements for financial institutions that administer, maintain, or manage private bank accounts or correspondent accounts for non-U.S. persons. 
 Title III of the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001 amended the BSA and incorporates anti-terrorist financing provisions into the requirements of the BSA and its implementing regulations. Among other things, the USA PATRIOT Act requires all financial institutions, including us, to institute and maintain a risk-based anti-money laundering compliance program that includes a client identification program, provides for information sharing with law enforcement and between certain financial institutions by means of an exemption from the privacy provisions of the GLBA, prohibits U.S. banks and broker-dealers from maintaining accounts with foreign shell banks, establishes due diligence and enhanced due diligence requirements for certain foreign correspondent banking and foreign private banking accounts and imposes additional record keeping requirements for certain 
 16 

correspondent banking arrangements. The USA PATRIOT Act also grants broad authority to the Secretary of the Treasury to take actions to combat money laundering, and federal bank regulators are required to evaluate the effectiveness of an applicant in combating money laundering in determining whether to approve any application submitted by a financial institution. 
 The Office of Foreign Assets Control, or OFAC, which is a division of the Treasury Department, is responsible for helping to ensure that U.S. entities do not engage in transactions with enemies of the United States, as defined by various Executive Orders and Acts of Congress. OFAC maintains lists of names of persons and organizations suspected of aiding, harboring or engaging in money laundering, terrorist acts, and other crimes. If the Bank finds a name on any transaction, account or wire transfer that is on an OFAC list, the Bank must freeze such account, file a suspicious activity report and notify OFAC. We have established policies and procedures to ensure compliance with the federal anti-laundering and combating terrorism provisions. 
 Proposed Legislation and Regulatory Action. New statutes, regulations and guidance are regularly proposed that contain wide-ranging potential changes to the statutes, regulations and competitive relationships of financial institutions operating and doing business in the United States. We cannot predict whether or in what form any proposed regulation or statute will be adopted or the extent to which our business may be affected by any new regulation or statute. 
 Effect of Governmental Monetary Policies. Our earnings will be affected by domestic economic conditions and the monetary and fiscal policies of the U.S. government and its agencies. The Federal Reserve Board s monetary policies have had, and are likely to continue to have, an important impact on the operating results of commercial banks through its power to implement national monetary policy in order, among other things, to curb inflation or combat a recession. The monetary policies of the Federal Reserve Board affect the levels of bank loans, investments and deposits through its control over the issuance of U.S. government securities, its regulation of the discount rate applicable to member banks and its influence over reserve requirements to which member banks are subject. We cannot predict the nature or impact of future changes in monetary and fiscal policies. 
 Taxation 
 Federal Taxation 
 General: We are subject to federal income taxation in the same general manner as other corporations, with limited exceptions. The following discussion of federal taxation is intended only to summarize certain pertinent federal income tax matters and is not a comprehensive description of the tax rules applicable to us. 
 Method of Accounting: For Federal income tax purposes, we report income and expenses on the accrual method of accounting and use tax year ending December 31 for filing federal income tax returns. 
 Alternative Minimum Tax: The Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), imposes an alternative minimum tax AMT at a rate of 20.0 on a base of regular taxable income plus certain tax preferences which we refer to as alternative minimum taxable income. The AMT is payable to the extent such alternative minimum taxable income is in excess of an exemption amount and the AMT exceeds the regular income tax. Net operating losses can offset no more than 90.0 of alternative minimum taxable income. Certain AMT payments may be used as credits against regular tax liabilities in future years. We have not been subject to the AMT and have no such amounts available as credits for carryover. 
 Net Operating Loss Carryovers: For the years ended 2017 and prior a corporation may carry back net operating losses generated in such years to the preceding two taxable years and forward to the succeeding 20 taxable years. Under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act enacted in December 2017, a corporation may not carryback net operating losses arising in tax years after 2017, but may carryforward such losses indefinitely; however, the net operating loss deduction in a given year is limited to 80 of taxable income. The CARES Act temporarily - and retroactively - modified the net operating loss rules to permit carryback of net operating losses generated in 2018, 2019 and 2020 for five years. A corporation may elect to waive the carryback period and only carry these net operating losses forward to future years. The five-year carryback provision of the CARES Act is not available for losses generated in 2021 and subsequent years. At December 31, 2022, we had 1.8 million of net operating loss carryforwards for federal income tax purposes. The carryovers were transferred to the Company upon the merger with The Wilton Bank in 2014. 
 Corporate Dividends-Received Deduction: The Company may exclude from its income 100.0 of dividends received from the Bank as a member of the same affiliated group of corporations. The corporate dividends received deduction is 80.0 in the case of dividends received from corporations with which a corporate recipient does not file a consolidated tax return, and corporations which own less than 20.0 of the stock of a corporation distributing a dividend may deduct only 70.0 of dividends received or accrued on their behalf. 
 Excise Tax on Stock Repurchases, The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 IRA imposes a 1 excise tax on the aggregate fair market value of stock repurchased by certain corporations during the taxable year, subject to adjustments. The new excise tax is effective as of January 1, 2023 and generally applies to any US corporation whose stock is traded on an established securities market and that repurchases more than 1 million of stock over the course of a tax year. 
 17 

The Company and the Bank are not currently under audit with respect to their federal tax returns. 
 State Taxation 
 We are subject to the Connecticut corporation business tax. The Connecticut corporation business tax is based on the federal taxable income before net operating loss and special deductions and makes certain modifications to federal taxable income to arrive at Connecticut taxable income. Connecticut taxable income is multiplied by the state tax rate (7.5 f or the fiscal years ending December 31, 2022 and 2021) to arrive at Connecticut income tax. We are also subject to state income tax in other states as a result of loan originations made in other states. 
 In October 2015, the Company created Bankwell Loan Servicing Group, Inc., a Passive Investment Company PIC organized for state income tax purposes. The PIC is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank operating in accordance with Connecticut statutes. The PIC s activities are limited in scope to holding and managing loans that are collateralized by real estate. Income earned by a PIC is determined in accordance with the statutory requirements for a passive investment company and the dividends paid by the PIC to the Bank are not taxable income for Connecticut income tax purposes. As a result of the formation of the PIC, the Bank no longer expects to be subject to Connecticut income taxes. State taxes are being recognized for income taxes on income earned in other states. 
 The Company and the Bank are not currently under audit with respect to their state tax returns. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Risks Relating to Our Business 
 As a business operating in the financial services industry, our business and operations may be adversely affected in numerous and complex ways by weak economic conditions. 
 Our businesses and operations, which primarily consist of lending money to clients in the form of loans, borrowing money from clients in the form of deposits and investing in securities, are sensitive to general business and economic conditions in the United States and to a lesser degree secondary effects of global geopolitical events. If the U.S. economy weakens, our growth and profitability from our lending, deposit and investment operations could be constrained. Uncertainty about the federal fiscal policymaking process, the medium-term and long-term fiscal outlook of the federal government, and future tax rates is a concern for businesses, consumers and investors in the United States. In addition, economic conditions in foreign countries, including uncertainty over the stability of the euro currency, could affect the stability of global financial markets, which could hinder U.S. economic growth. Weak economic conditions are characterized by deflation, fluctuations in debt and equity capital markets, a lack of liquidity and/or depressed prices in the secondary market for mortgage loans, increased delinquencies on mortgage, consumer and commercial loans, residential and commercial real estate price declines and lower home sales and commercial activity. All of these factors are detrimental to our business, and the interplay between these factors can be complex and unpredictable. Our business is also significantly affected by monetary and related policies of the U.S. federal government and its agencies. Changes in any of these policies are influenced by macroeconomic conditions and other factors that are beyond our control. Adverse economic conditions and government policy responses to such conditions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 We may not be able to adequately measure and limit our credit risk, which could lead to unexpected losses. 
 The business of lending is inherently risky, including risks that the principal of or interest on any loan will not be repaid timely or at all or that the value of any collateral supporting the loan will be insufficient to cover our outstanding exposure. These risks may be affected by the strength of the borrower s business sector and local, regional and national market and economic conditions. Our risk management practices, such as monitoring the concentration of our loans within specific industries and our credit approval practices, may not adequately reduce credit risk, and our credit administrators, policies and procedures may not adequately adapt to changes in economic or any other conditions affecting clients and the quality of the loan portfolio. Finally, many of our loans are made to middle-market businesses that may be less able to withstand competitive, economic and financial pressures than larger borrowers. A failure to effectively measure and limit the credit risk associated with our loan portfolio could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 
 Our allowance for loan losses may not be adequate to absorb losses inherent in our loan portfolio, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We maintain an allowance for loan losses to provide for losses inherent in our loan portfolio. Maintaining an adequate allowance for loan losses is critical to our financial results and condition. The level of our allowance for loan losses reflects management s continuing evaluation of general economic conditions, diversification and seasoning of the loan portfolio, historic loss experience, identified credit problems, delinquency levels and adequacy of collateral. The determination of the 
 18 

appropriate level of the allowance for loan losses is inherently highly subjective and requires us to make significant estimates of and assumptions regarding current credit risks and future trends, all of which may undergo material changes. Inaccurate management assumptions, continuing deterioration of economic conditions affecting borrowers, new information regarding existing loans, identification of additional problem loans and other factors, both within and outside of our control, may require us to increase our allowance for loan losses. In addition, our regulators, as an integral part of their examination process, review our loans and the adequacy of our allowance for loan losses and may direct us to make additions to our allowance for loan losses based on their judgments about information available to them at the time of their examination. If actual charge-offs in future periods exceed the amounts allocated to our allowance for loan losses, we may need additional provision for loan losses to restore the adequacy of our allowance for loan losses. If we are required to materially increase our level of allowance for loan losses for any reason, such increase could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 
 The implementation of Current Expected Credit Loss CECL ), which will require us to increase our allowance for loan losses, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operation. 
 
 The Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB has adopted a new accounting standard, CECL, effective for the Company as of January 1, 2023. CECL will require financial institutions to determine periodic estimates of lifetime expected credit losses on loans, other financial instruments and other commitments to extend credit and provide for the expected credit losses as allowances for credit losses. This will change our current method of providing allowance for loan losses that are probable and require us to record an allowance for credit losses as of January 1, 2023 materially in excess of our existing allowance for loan losses. CECL will also greatly increase the data we will need to collect and review to determine the appropriate level of the allowance for credit losses. Although we expect the Bank and the Company will continue to meet all applicable capital adequacy requirements following recording of the impact of adoption to shareholders equity, future provisioning for expected credit losses under CECL may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our concentration of large loans to certain borrowers may increase our credit risk. 
 A majority of our loans have been made to a small number of borrowers, resulting in a high concentration of loans to certain borrowers. As of December 31, 2022, our five largest relationships ranged in exposure from approximately 83.7 million to 127.5 million. In addition to other typical risks related to any loan, such as deterioration of the collateral securing the loans, this high concentration of borrowers presents a risk to our lending operations. If any one of these borrowers becomes unable to repay a loan obligation(s) for any reason, our nonperforming loans and our allowance for loan losses could increase significantly, which could adversely and materially affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our commercial real estate loan, commercial loan and construction loan portfolios expose us to risks that may be greater than the risks related to our other mortgage loans. 
 Our loan portfolio includes non-owner-occupied commercial real estate loans for individuals and businesses for various purposes, which are secured by commercial properties. These loans typically involve repayment dependent upon income generated, or expected to be generated, by the property securing the loan in amounts sufficient to cover operating expenses and debt service. Commercial real estate loans may be affected to a greater extent than residential loans by adverse conditions in real estate markets or the economy because commercial real estate borrowers ability to repay their loans depends on successful leasing of their properties, in addition to the factors affecting residential real estate borrowers. These loans also involve greater risk because they generally are not fully amortizing over the loan period, but have a balloon payment due at maturity. A borrower s ability to make a balloon payment typically will depend on being able to either refinance the loan or sell the underlying property in a timely manner. 
 These loans expose a lender to greater credit risk than loans secured by residential real estate because the collateral securing these loans typically cannot be liquidated as easily as residential real estate. Non-owner-occupied commercial real estate loans generally involve relatively large balances to single borrowers or related groups of borrowers. Accordingly, charge-offs on non-owner occupied commercial real estate loans may be larger on a per loan basis than those incurred with our residential or consumer loan portfolios. 
 Commercial loans are typically based on the borrowers ability to repay the loans from the cash flow of their businesses. These loans may involve greater risk because the availability of funds to repay each loan depends substantially on the success of the business itself. In addition, the assets securing the loans have the following characteristics: (a) they depreciate over time, (b) they are difficult to appraise and liquidate, and (c) they fluctuate in value based on the success of the business. 
 Risk of loss on a construction loan depends largely upon whether our initial estimate of the property s value at completion of construction equals or exceeds the cost of the property construction (including interest), the availability of permanent takeout financing, the completion of the project and/or the builder s ability to ultimately lease or sell the property. During the construction phase, a number of factors can result in delays and cost overruns. If estimates of value are inaccurate or if actual 
 19 

construction costs exceed estimates, the value of the property securing the loan may be insufficient to ensure full repayment when completed through a permanent loan or by sale of collateral. 
 Our underwriting, review and monitoring cannot eliminate all of the risks related to these loans. Unexpected deterioration in the credit quality of our commercial real estate loan, commercial loan or construction loan portfolios would require us to increase our provision for loan losses, which would reduce our profitability and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 
 Lack of seasoning of our loan portfolio could increase risk of credit defaults in the future. 
 As a result of our growth over the past recent years, a large portion of loans in our loan portfolio and of our lending relationships are of relatively recent origin. In general, loans do not begin to show signs of credit deterioration or default until they have been outstanding for some period of time, a process referred to as seasoning. As a result, a portfolio of older loans will usually behave more predictably than a newer portfolio. Because a large portion of our portfolio is relatively new, the current level of delinquencies and defaults may not represent the level that may prevail as the portfolio becomes more seasoned and may not serve as a reliable basis for predicting the health and nature of our loan portfolio, including net charge-offs and the ratio of nonperforming assets in the future. Our limited experience with these loans does not provide us with a significant payment history pattern with which to judge future collectability. As a result, it may be difficult to predict the future performance of our loan portfolio. If defaults increase, we could experience an increase in delinquencies and charge-offs and we may be required to increase our allowance for loan losses, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 A prolonged downturn in the real estate market could result in losses and adversely affect our profitability. 
 A high percentage ou r loan portfolio is comprised of commercial real estate loans. The sale of real estate collateral in each case provides an alternate source of repayment in the event of default by the borrower and may deteriorate in value during the time the credit is extended. A decline in real estate values c ould impair the value of our collateral and our ability to sell the collateral upon any foreclosure, which would likely require us to increase our provision for loan losses. In the event of a default with respect to any of these loans, the amounts we receive upon sale of the collateral may be insufficient to recover the outstanding principal and interest on the loan. If we are required to re-value the collateral securing a loan to satisfy the debt during a period of reduced real estate values or to increase our allowance for loan losses, our profitability could be adversely affected, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 We are subject to interest rate risk that could negatively impact our profitability. 
 Our profitability, like that of most financial institutions, depends to a large extent on our net interest income, which is the difference between our interest income on interest-earning assets, such as loans and investment securities, and our interest expense on interest bearing liabilities, such as deposits and borrowings. 
 Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors that are beyond our control, including general economic conditions and policies of various governmental and regulatory agencies and, in particular, the U.S. Federal Reserve Board ("FRB"). Throughout 2022, the FRB raised the target range for the federal funds rate on seven separate occasions and citing factors including the hardships caused by the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict, continued global supply chain disruptions and imbalances, and increased inflationary pressure. The FRB has indicated that ongoing increases may be appropriate. 
 
 Changes in monetary policy, including changes in interest rates, influences not only the interest we receive on loans and securities and the interest we pay on deposits and borrowings, but such changes could also affect our ability to originate loans and obtain deposits, the fair value of our financial assets and liabilities, and the average duration of our assets. If the interest rates paid on deposits and other borrowings increase at a faster rate than the interest rates received on loans and other investments, our net interest income, and therefore net income, could be adversely affected. A prolonged period of extremely volatile and unstable market conditions may increase our funding costs and negatively affect market risk mitigation strategies. Further, any substantial, unexpected, prolonged change in market interest rates could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 
 
 In addition, an increase in interest rates could also have a negative impact on our results of operations by reducing the ability of borrowers to repay their current loan obligations. These circumstances could not only result in increased loan defaults, foreclosures and charge-offs, but also necessitate further increases to our allowance for loan losses, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and future prospects. 
 Strong competition could reduce our profits and slow growth. 
 Competition in the financial services industry is strong. Numerous commercial banks, savings banks and savings associations maintain offices or are headquartered in or near our market area. Commercial banks, savings banks, savings associations, money market funds, mortgage brokers, finance companies, credit unions, insurance companies, investment firms 
 20 

and private lenders compete with us for various segments of our business. These competitors often have far greater resources than we do and are able to conduct more intensive and broader based promotional efforts to reach both commercial and individual clients. 
 Our ability to compete successfully will depend on a number of factors, including, among other things: 
 Our ability to build and maintain long-term client relationships while ensuring high ethical standards and safe and sound banking practices; 
 The scope, relevance, and pricing of products and services that we offer; 
 Client satisfaction with our products and personalized services; 
 Industry and general economic trends; and 
 Our ability to keep pace with technological advances and to invest in new technology. 
 Increased competition could require us to increase the rates we pay on deposits or lower the rates we offer on loans, which could reduce our profitability. Our failure to compete effectively could cause us to lose market share and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 
 Our ability to maintain our reputation is critical to the success of our business. 
 Our reputation is one of the most valuable components of our business. We strive to conduct our business in a manner that enhances our reputation. This is done, in part, by recruiting, hiring and retaining employees who share our core values of delivering superior service to our clients, caring about our clients and associates, and being an integral part of the communities we serve. If our reputation is negatively affected by the actions of our employees, or otherwise, our business and, therefore, our operating results may be materially adversely affected. 
 We may not be able to execute our executive management team s growth strategy. 
 As part of our executive management team s growth strategy, we pursue a business plan focused on the development and growth of our franchise. In addition to pursuing organic growth, another element of our executive management team s strategy will be to acquire whole financial institutions or related lines of business. We intend to actively seek potential acquisition opportunities. There are numerous risks that may make it difficult for us to execute this growth strategy and we cannot assure you that we will be successful in executing any part of our executive management team s strategy. Challenges we will face include obtaining regulatory approvals with respect to acquisitions, ensuring that we will not become subject to regulatory actions in the future that could restrict our growth, identifying appropriate targets for acquisitions, negotiating acquisitions on terms that are acceptable to us, and encountering competition for acquisitions from financial institutions and other entities with similar business strategies that have greater financial resources, relevant experience and more employees than us. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that we will be successful in completing future acquisitions at all or on terms that are acceptable to us. Our ability to grow may be limited if we are unable to successfully make acquisitions in the future. 
 We face various technological risks that could adversely affect our business. 
 We rely on communication and information systems to conduct business. Potential failures, interruptions or breaches in system security could result in disruptions or failures in our key systems, such as general ledger, deposit or loan systems. The risk of electronic fraudulent activity within the financial services industry, especially in the commercial banking sector due to cyber criminals targeting bank accounts and other client information is on the rise. We have developed policies and procedures aimed at preventing and limiting the effect of failure, interruption or security breaches, including cyber-attacks of information systems; however, there can be no assurance that these incidences will not occur, or if they do occur, that they will be appropriately addressed. The occurrence of any failures, interruptions or security breaches, including cyber-attacks of our information systems could damage our reputation, result in the loss of business, subject us to increased regulatory scrutiny or to civil litigation and possible financial liability, any of which could have an adverse effect on our results of operation and financial condition. 
 Unauthorized access, cyber-crime and other threats to data security may require significant resources, harm our reputation, and adversely affect our business. 
 We necessarily collect, use and hold personal and financial information concerning individuals and businesses with which we have a banking relationship. Threats to data security, including unauthorized access and cyber-attacks, rapidly emerge and change, exposing us to additional costs for protection or remediation and competing time constraints to secure our data in accordance with client expectations, statutory and regulatory privacy and other requirements. It is difficult or impossible to defend against every risk being posed by changing technologies, as well as criminal intent on committing cyber-crime. Increasing sophistication of cyber-criminals and terrorists make keeping up with new threats difficult and could result in a breach. Controls employed by our information technology department and our other employees and vendors could prove 
 21 

inadequate. We could also experience a breach due to intentional or negligent conduct on the part of employees or other internal sources, software bugs or other technical malfunctions, or other causes. As a result of any of these threats, our client accounts may become vulnerable to account takeover schemes or cyber-fraud. Our systems and those of our third-party vendors may also become vulnerable to damage or disruption due to circumstances beyond our or their control, such as from catastrophic events, power anomalies or outages, natural disasters, network failures, and viruses and malware. 
 A breach of our security that results in unauthorized access to our data could expose us to a disruption or challenges relating to our daily operations as well as to data loss, litigation, damages, fines and penalties, significant increases in compliance costs, and reputational damage, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and future prospects. 
 Some institutions we may acquire may have distressed assets and there can be no assurance that we would be able to realize the value we predict from these assets or that we would make sufficient provision for future losses in the value of, or accurately estimate the future write downs taken in respect of, these assets. 
 Declines in home prices and/or weak general economic conditions may result in increases in delinquencies and losses in the loan portfolios and other assets of financial institutions that we may acquire in amounts that exceed our initial forecasts developed during the due diligence investigation prior to acquiring those institutions. In addition, asset values may be impaired, in the future due to factors we cannot predict, including significant deterioration in economic conditions and further declines in collateral values and credit quality indicators. Any of these events could adversely affect the financial condition, liquidity, capital position and value of any institutions that we acquire and of the Bank as a whole. 
 We may not be able to overcome the integration and other risks associated with acquisitions, which could adversely affect our growth and profitability. 
 We may from time to time consider acquisition opportunities that we believe complement our activities and have the ability to enhance our profitability. Acquisition activities could be material to our business and involve a number of risks, including the following: 
 Incurring time and expense associated with identifying and evaluating potential acquisitions and negotiating potential transactions, resulting in our attention being diverted from the operation of our existing business; 
 Using inaccurate estimates and judgments to evaluate credit, operations, management and market risks with respect to the target institution or assets; 
 Intense competition from other banking organizations and other inquirers for acquisitions; 
 Potential exposure to unknown or contingent liabilities of banks and businesses we acquire; 
 The time and expense required to integrate the operations and employees of the combined businesses; 
 Experiencing higher operating expenses relative to operating income from the new operations; 
 Creating an adverse short-term effect on our results of operations; 
 Losing key employees and clients as a result of an acquisition that is poorly received; 
 Significant problems relating to the conversion of the financial and client data of the entity; 
 Inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies that adversely affect our ability to maintain relationships with clients, depositors and employees or to achieve the anticipated benefits of the acquisition; or 
 Risks of impairment to goodwill or other than temporary impairment. 
 Depending on the condition of any institution or assets or liabilities that we may acquire, that acquisition may, at least in the near term, adversely affect our capital and earnings and, if not successfully integrated with our organization, may continue to have such effects over a longer period. We may not be successful in overcoming these risks or any other problems encountered in connection with pending or potential acquisitions, and any acquisition we may consider will be subject to prior regulatory approval. Our inability to overcome these risks could have an adverse effect on our profitability, return on equity and return on assets, our ability to implement our business strategy and enhance shareholder value, which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Further, if we experience difficulties with the integration process, the anticipated benefits of the investment or acquisition transaction may not be realized fully or at all or may take longer to realize than expected. 
 As a result of an investment or acquisition transaction, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition and results of operations, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. 
 22 

We must conduct due diligence investigations of target institutions we intend to acquire. Intensive due diligence is time consuming and expensive due to the operations, accounting, finance and legal professionals who must be involved in the due diligence process. Even if we conduct extensive due diligence on a target institution with which we combine, this diligence may not reveal all material issues that may affect a particular target institution, and factors outside the control of the target institution and outside of our control may later arise. If, during our diligence process, we fail to identify issues specific to a target institution or the environment in which the target institution operates, we may be forced to later write down or write off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. These charges may also occur if we are not successful in integrating and managing the operations of the target institution with which we combine. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming preexisting debt held by a target institution or by virtue of our obtaining debt financing. 
 Our lending limit may restrict our growth and prevent us from effectively implementing our business strategy. 
 We are limited in the amount we can loan to a single borrower by the amount of our capital. Based upon our current capital levels and our informal, internal limit on loans, the amount we may lend both in the aggregate and to any one borrower is significantly less than that of many of our competitors and may discourage potential borrowers who have credit needs in excess of our lending limit from doing business with us. We accommodate larger loans by selling participations in those loans to other financial institutions, but this strategy may not always be available. If we are unable to compete effectively for loans from our target clients, we may not be able to effectively implement our business strategy, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 
 We are dependent on our executive management team and other key employees and we could be adversely affected by the unexpected loss of their services. 
 We are led by an experienced executive management team and our operating strategy focuses on providing products and services through long-term relationship managers. Accordingly, our success depends in large part on the performance of our key employees, as well as on our ability to attract, motivate and retain highly qualified senior and middle management. Competition for employees is intense, and the process of identifying qualified candidates with the combination of skills and attributes required to execute our business plan may be lengthy. The general economic conditions plus other factors have made it more difficult to retain employees and to attract new employees. We believe that retaining the services and skills of our executive management team is important to our success. The unexpected loss of services of any of our key employees could have an adverse impact on us because of their skills, knowledge of our market, years of industry experience and the difficulty of promptly finding qualified replacement employees. If any of our key employees should become unavailable for any reason, we may be unable to identify and hire qualified candidates on acceptable terms, which could cause a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 
 The fair value of our investment securities can fluctuate due to factors outside of our control. 
 Factors beyond our control can significantly influence the fair value of securities in our portfolio and can cause potential adverse changes to the fair value of these securities. These factors include, but are not limited to, rating agency actions with respect to individual securities, defaults by the issuer or with respect to the underlying securities, changes in market interest rates, and continued instability in the capital markets. Any of these factors, among others, could cause other-than-temporary impairments and realized and/or unrealized losses in future periods and declines in other comprehensive income, which could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. The process for determining whether impairment of a security is other-than-temporary usually requires complex, subjective judgments about the future financial performance and liquidity of the issuer and any collateral underlying the security in order to assess the probability of receiving all contractual principal and interest payments on the security. 
 We may be required to repurchase mortgage loans or indemnify buyers against losses in some circumstances, which could harm liquidity, results of operations and financial condition. 
 When mortgage loans are sold, whether as whole loans or pursuant to a securitization, we are required to make customary representations and warranties to purchasers, guarantors and insurers, including government-sponsored entities, about the mortgage loans and the manner in which they were originated. Whole loan sale agreements require us to repurchase or substitute mortgage loans, or indemnify buyers against losses, in the event we breach these representations or warranties. In addition, we may be required to repurchase mortgage loans as a result of early payment default of the borrower on a mortgage loan. If repurchase and indemnity demands increase and such demands are valid claims and are in excess of our provision for potential losses, our liquidity, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 
 We are subject to losses due to fraudulent and negligent acts on the part of loan applicants, our clients, vendors, bad actors, and/or our employees. 
 When we originate loans, we rely heavily upon information supplied by third parties, including the information contained in the loan application, property appraisal, title information and employment and income documentation. If any of this 
 23 

information is intentionally or negligently misrepresented and such misrepresentation is not detected prior to loan funding, the value of the loan may be significantly lower than expected. Whether a misrepresentation is made by the loan applicant, our clients, vendors, bad actors, and/or one of our employees, we generally bear the risk of loss associated with the misrepresentation. A loan subject to a material misrepresentation is typically unsaleable or subject to repurchase if it is sold prior to detection of the misrepresentation, and the persons and entities involved are often difficult to locate and it is often difficult to collect any monetary losses that we have suffered from them. We cannot provide assurance that we have detected or will detect all misrepresented information in our loan originations, however, we have controls and processes designed to help us identify misrepresented information in our loan origination operations. 
 As a financial institution, we are inherently exposed to risk in the form of theft and other fraudulent activities by clients, vendors, bad actors, and/or employees targeting the Bank or our clients. Such activity may take many forms, including check fraud, electronic fraud, wire fraud, phishing, social engineering, and other dishonest acts. The increasing sophistication of fraudulent activity from possible perpetrators could damage our reputation, result in the loss of business, subject us to increased regulatory scrutiny or to civil litigation and possible financial liability, any of which could have an adverse effect on our results of operation and financial condition. To mitigate this risk, we maintain effective policies and internal controls along with ongoing employee training to identify and prevent such incidents. 
 
 We are subject to environmental liability risk associated with our lending activities. 
 In the course of our business, we may purchase real estate, or we may foreclose on and take title to real estate. As a result, we could be subject to environmental liabilities with respect to these properties. We may be held liable to a governmental entity or to third parties for property damage, personal injury, investigation and clean-up costs incurred by these parties in connection with environmental contamination or may be required to investigate or clean up hazardous or toxic substances or chemical releases at a property. The costs associated with investigation or remediation activities could be substantial. In addition, if we are the owner or former owner of a contaminated site, we may be subject to common law claims by third parties based on damages and costs resulting from environmental contamination emanating from the property. Any significant environmental liabilities could cause a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 
 Uncertainty relating to the LIBOR determination process and LIBOR discontinuance may adversely affect our results of operations. 
 LIBOR is used extensively in the United States as a benchmark for various commercial and financial contracts, including adjustable rate mortgages, corporate debt, interest rate swaps and other derivatives. LIBOR is set based on interest rate information reported by certain banks. The United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority FCA ), which regulates the process for establishing LIBOR, announced in July 2017 that the sustainability of LIBOR cannot be guaranteed. The administrator for LIBOR announced on March 5, 2021 that it would permanently cease to publish most LIBOR settings beginning on January 1, 2022 and will cease to publish the overnight, one-month, three-month, six-month and 12-month USD LIBOR settings on July 1, 2023. Accordingly, the FCA has stated that it does not intend to persuade or compel banks to submit to LIBOR after such respective dates. Until such time, however, FCA panel banks have agreed to continue to support LIBOR. 
 In October 2021, the federal bank regulatory agencies issued a Joint Statement on Managing the LIBOR Transition. In that guidance, the agencies offered their regulatory expectations and outlined potential supervisory and enforcement consequences for banks that fail to adequately plan for and implement the transition away from LIBOR. The failure to properly transition away from LIBOR may result in increased supervisory scrutiny. 
 We have determined that the CME Term SOFR as the alternative rate to replace LIBOR. The discontinuance of LIBOR may result in uncertainty or differences in the calculation of the applicable interest rate or payment amount depending on the terms of the governing instruments and may also increase operational and other risks to the Company and the industry. 
 We have derivative contracts and limited loan exposure tied to LIBOR. Although we are not yet able to assess what the ultimate impact of the transition from LIBOR will be, failure to adequately manage the transition could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Disruptions caused by, and unpredictable future developments related to or resulting from, the Coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic could adversely impact our clients and our business, financial position, results of operations, and future prospects. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic created extensive disruptions to the global economy, to businesses, and to the lives of individuals throughout the world. Federal and state governments have taken unprecedented actions to respond to such disruptions, including enacting fiscal stimulus measures and legislation designed to deliver monetary aid and other relief. The widespread availability of multiple COVID-19 vaccines and boosters has helped to curtail rates of infection in many parts of the United States and, in turn, mitigate many of the adverse social and economic effects of the pandemic. 
 24 

The future effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on the U.S. and global economies, labor markets and financial markets are uncertain and cannot be predicted. Accordingly, the pandemic and related dynamics could materially and adversely affect our business, operations, operating results, financial condition, liquidity or capital levels. 
 
 Climate change and related legislative and regulatory initiatives may materially affect the Company s business and results of operations. 
 
 The effects of climate change continue to create an alarming level of concern for the state of the global environment. As a result, the global business community has increased its political and social awareness surrounding the issue, and the United States has entered into international agreements in an attempt to reduce global temperatures, such as reentering the Paris Agreement. Further, the U.S. Congress, state legislatures and federal and state regulatory agencies continue to propose numerous initiatives to supplement the global effort to combat climate change. Similar and even more expansive initiatives are expected under the current administration, including potentially increasing supervisory expectations with respect to banks risk management practices, accounting for the effects of climate change in stress testing scenarios and systemic risk assessments, revising expectations for credit portfolio concentrations based on climate-related factors and encouraging investment by banks in climate-related initiatives and lending to communities disproportionately impacted by the effects of climate change. The lack of empirical data surrounding the credit and other financial risks posed by climate change render it impossible to predict how specifically climate change may impact our financial condition and results of operations; however, the physical effects of climate change may also directly impact us. Specifically, unpredictable and more frequent weather disasters may adversely impact the value of real property securing the loans in our portfolios. Additionally, if insurance obtained by our borrowers is insufficient to cover any losses sustained to the collateral, or if insurance coverage is otherwise unavailable to our borrowers, the collateral securing our loans may be negatively impacted by climate change, which could impact our financial condition and results of operations. Further, the effects of climate change may negatively impact regional and local economic activity, which could lead to an adverse effect on our clients and impact the communities in which we operate. Overall, climate change, its effects and the resulting, unknown impact could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Risks Applicable to the Regulation of our Industry 
 We operate in a highly regulated environment, which could have a material and adverse impact on our operations and activities, financial condition, results of operations, growth plans and future prospects. 
 Banking is highly regulated under federal and state law. We are subject to extensive regulation and supervision that governs almost all aspects of our operations. As a registered bank holding company, we are subject to supervision, regulation and examination by the Federal Reserve. As a commercial bank chartered under the laws of Connecticut, the Bank is subject to supervision, regulation and examination by the State of Connecticut Department of Banking and the FDIC. 
 The primary goals of the bank regulatory system are to maintain a safe and sound banking system and to facilitate the conduct of sound monetary policy. This system is intended primarily for the protection of the FDIC s Deposit Insurance Fund and bank depositors, rather than our shareholders and creditors. The banking agencies have broad enforcement power over bank holding companies and banks, including the authority, among other things, to enjoin unsafe or unsound practices, require affirmative action to correct any violation or practice, issue administrative orders that can be judicially enforced, direct increases in capital, direct the sale of subsidiaries or other assets, limit dividends and distributions, restrict growth, assess civil monetary penalties, remove officers and directors, and, with respect to banks, terminate our charter, terminate our deposit insurance or place the Bank into conservatorship or receivership. In general, these enforcement actions may be initiated for violations of laws and regulations or unsafe or unsound practices. 
 Compliance with the myriad of laws and regulations applicable to our organization can be difficult and costly. In addition, these laws, regulations and policies are subject to continual review by governmental authorities, and changes to these laws, regulations and policies, including changes in interpretation or implementation of these laws, regulations and policies, could affect us in substantial and unpredictable ways and often impose additional compliance costs. Further, any new laws, rules and regulations, could make compliance more difficult or expensive. All of these laws and regulations, and the supervisory framework applicable to our industry, could have a material adverse impact on our operations and activities, financial condition, results of operations, growth plans and future prospects. 
 Federal and state regulators periodically examine our business and we may be required to remediate adverse examination findings. 
 The Federal Reserve, the FDIC and the Connecticut Department of Banking periodically examine our business, including our compliance with laws and regulations. If, as a result of an examination, a regulatory agency were to determine that our 
 25 

financial condition, capital resources, asset quality, earnings prospects, management, liquidity or other aspects of any of our operations had become unsatisfactory, or that we were in violation of any law or regulation, it may take a number of different remedial actions as it deems appropriate. These actions include the power to enjoin unsafe or unsound practices, to require affirmative action to correct any conditions resulting from any violation or practice, to issue an administrative order that can be judicially enforced, to direct an increase in our capital, to restrict our growth, to assess civil monetary penalties against our officers or directors, to remove officers and directors and, if it is concluded that such conditions cannot be corrected or there is an imminent risk of loss to depositors, to terminate our deposit insurance and place us into receivership or conservatorship. Any regulatory action against us could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and future prospects. 
 The Bank s FDIC deposit insurance premiums and assessments may increase. 
 The deposits of the Bank are insured by the FDIC up to legal limits and, consequently, subject it to the payment of FDIC deposit insurance assessments. The Bank s regular assessments are determined by its risk classification, which is based on its regulatory capital levels and the level of supervisory concern that it poses. Any future special assessments, increases in assessment rates or required prepayments in FDIC insurance premiums could reduce our profitability or limit our ability to pursue certain business opportunities, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 The Bank is subject to further reporting requirements under FDIC regulations. 
 We are subject to reporting requirements under the rules of the FDIC, including a requirement for management to prepare a report that contains an assessment by management of the Bank s effectiveness of internal control structure and procedures for financial reporting as of the end of such fiscal year. In addition, we are required to obtain an independent public accountant s attestation report concerning our internal control structure over financial reporting. The rules for management to assess the Bank s internal controls over financial reporting are complex, and require significant documentation, testing and possible remediation. The effort to comply with regulatory requirements relating to internal controls cause us to incur increased expenses and a diversion of management s time and other internal resources. If the Bank cannot favorably assess the effectiveness of its internal controls over financial reporting, or if its independent registered public accounting firm is unable to provide an unqualified attestation report on the Bank s internal controls, the price of our common stock as well as investor confidence could be adversely affected and we may be subject to additional regulatory scrutiny. 
 We are subject to numerous laws designed to protect consumers, including the Community Reinvestment Act, or CRA, and fair lending laws, and failure to comply with these laws could lead to a wide variety of sanctions. 
 Various laws impose nondiscriminatory lending requirements on financial institutions, including the CRA, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act and the Fair Housing Act. A successful regulatory challenge to an institution s performance under the CRA or fair lending laws and regulations could result in a wide variety of sanctions, including damages and civil money penalties, injunctive relief, restrictions on mergers and acquisitions activity, restrictions on expansion, and restrictions on entering new business lines. Private parties may also have the ability to challenge an institution s performance under fair lending laws in private class action litigation. Such actions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 We face a risk of noncompliance and enforcement action with the Bank Secrecy Act and other anti-money laundering statutes and regulations. 
 Financial institutions are required to institute and maintain an effective anti-money laundering program and file suspicious activity and currency transaction reports as appropriate under The Bank Secrecy Act, The USA PATRIOT ACT of 2001 and certain other laws and regulations. Significant civil penalties can be assessed by a variety of regulators and governmental agencies for violations of these laws and regulations. If our policies, procedures and systems are deemed deficient, we would be subject to liability, including fines and regulatory actions, which may include restrictions on our ability to pay dividends and the necessity to obtain regulatory approvals to proceed with certain aspects of our business plan, including our acquisition plans. Failure to maintain and implement adequate programs to combat money laundering and terrorist financing could also have serious reputational consequences for us. Any of these results could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 General Risk Factors 
 Resources could be expended in considering or evaluating potential acquisitions that are not consummated, which could materially and adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. 
 We anticipate that the process of identifying and investigating institutions for potential acquisitions and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others. If a decision is made not to complete a specific 
 26 

acquisition transaction, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, even if an agreement is reached relating to a specific target institution, we may fail to consummate the transaction for any number of reasons, including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred, which could materially and adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another institution. 
 We may be adversely affected by the soundness of other financial institutions. 
 Our ability to engage in routine funding transactions could be adversely affected by the actions and commercial soundness of other financial institutions. Financial services companies are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, counterparty, and other relationships. We have exposure to different industries and counterparties, and through transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, including broker-dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, and other financial intermediaries. Further, our private banking channel relies on relationships with a number of other financial institutions for referrals. As a result, declines in the financial condition of, or even rumors or questions about, one or more financial institutions, financial service companies or the financial services industry generally, may lead to market-wide liquidity, asset quality or other problems and could lead to losses or defaults by us or by other institutions. These problems, losses or defaults could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 
 We rely on third parties to provide key components of our business infrastructure, and failure of these parties to perform for any reason could disrupt our operations. 
 Our business depends on the successful and uninterrupted functioning of our information technology and telecommunications systems and third-party servicers. The failure of these systems, or the termination of a third-party software license or service agreement on which any of these systems is based, could interrupt our operations. Because our information technology and telecommunications systems interface with and depend on third-party systems, we could experience service denials if demand for such services exceeds capacity or such third-party systems fail or experience interruptions. If significant, sustained or repeated, a system failure or service denial could compromise our ability to operate effectively, damage our reputation, result in a loss of client business, and subject us to additional regulatory scrutiny and possible financial liability, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 We may incur impairment to goodwill. 
 We test our goodwill for impairment at least annually. Significant negative industry or economic trends, reduced estimates of future cash flows or disruptions to our business, could indicate that goodwill might be impaired. Our valuation methodology for assessing impairment requires management to make judgments and assumptions based on historical experience and to rely on projections of future operating performance. Projections of future operating results and cash flows may vary significantly from actual results. Additionally, if our analysis results in impairment to our goodwill, we would be required to record a non-cash charge to earnings in our financial statements during the period in which such impairment is determined to exist. Any such charge could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 Increasing scrutiny and evolving expectations from clients, regulators, investors, and other stakeholders with respect to our environmental, social and governance practices may impose additional costs on us or expose us to new or additional risks. 
 
 Companies are facing increasing scrutiny from clients, regulators, investors, and other stakeholders related to their environmental, social and governance ESG practices and disclosure. Investor advocacy groups, investment funds and influential investors are also increasingly focused on these practices, especially as they relate to the environment, health and safety, diversity, labor conditions and human rights. Increased ESG related compliance costs could result in increases to our overall operational costs. Failure to adapt to or comply with regulatory requirements or investor or stakeholder expectations and standards could negatively impact our reputation, ability to do business with certain partners, and our stock price. New government regulations could also result in new or more stringent forms of ESG oversight and expanding mandatory and voluntary reporting, diligence, and disclosure. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 Not applicable. 

Item 2. Properties 
 The Bank s headquarter building is located at 258 Elm Street in New Canaan, Connecticut. The property is leased by us until 2031. In December 2021, the Bank sold the property located at 220 Elm Street in New Canaan, Connecticut, which was previously used for our executive management offices. During the second quarter of 2022, the Company sold its Wilton branch building that was previously classified as held for sale. On October 7, 2022, the Company closed the Wilton branch. 
 27 

We also lease office space for each of our branch offices in New Canaan, Stamford, Norwalk, Fairfield, Darien, and Westport, Connecticut. The leases for our facilities have terms expiring at dates ranging from 2023 to 2031, although certain of the leases contain options to extend beyond these dates. We own the Hamden branch office. We believe that our current facilities are adequate for our current level of operations. Each lease is at market rate based on similar properties in the applicable market area. Management continually evaluates its branch and other office locations for opportunities to maximize cost savings while meeting our growth needs and the needs of our clients. 
 Our branch office locations are as follows: 
 Branch Address Owned or Leased Cherry Street 156 Cherry Street New Canaan, CT 06840 Lease (expires 2031) Bedford 612 Bedford Street Stamford, CT 06901 Lease (expires April 2023) (1) 
 High Ridge 1095 High Ridge Road Stamford, CT 06905 Lease (expires 2028) Black Rock 2220 Black Rock Turnpike Fairfield, CT 06825 Lease (expires 2024) Sasco Hill One Sasco Hill Road Fairfield, CT 06824 Lease (expires 2031) Norwalk 370 Westport Avenue Norwalk, CT 06851 Lease (expires 2029) Hamden 2704 Dixwell Avenue Hamden, CT 06518 Own Westport 100 Post Road East Westport, CT 06880 Lease (expires 2028) Darien 1065 Post Road Darien, CT 06820 Lease (expires 2028) 
 (1) Effective March 1, 2023, the Bank received final regulatory approval to proceed with the opening of a retail branch located at 300 Atlantic Street, Stamford, CT. This branch will replace the 612 Bedford Street, Stamford, CT location, which is scheduled to close in April 2023. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 From time to time we are a party to various litigation matters incidental to the conduct of our business. We are not presently party to any legal proceedings the resolution of which we believe would have a material adverse effect on our business, future prospects, financial condition, liquidity, results of operation, cash flows or capital levels. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 28 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 The Company s Common Stock has traded on the NASDAQ Global Market under the Symbol BWFG since the completion of its initial public offering on May 15, 2014. 
 There were approximate ly 263 sh areholders of record of BWFG Common Stock as of December 31, 2022. This number does not reflect the number of persons or entities holding stock in nominee name through banks, brokerage firms or other nominees. 
 The Company s shareholders are entitled to dividends when and if declared by the Board of Directors, out of funds legally available. The ability of the Company to pay dividends depends, in part, on the ability of the Bank to pay dividends to the Company. In accordance with Connecticut statutes, regulatory approval is required for the Bank to pay dividends in excess of the Bank s profits retained in the current year plus retained profits from the previous two years. The Bank is also prohibited from paying dividends that would reduce its capital ratios below minimum regulatory requirements. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 The following table includes information with respect to repurchases of the Company s Common Stock during the three month period ended December 31, 2022 under the Company s share repurchase program. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Period Total Number of Shares (or Units) Purchased Average Price Paid per Share (or Unit) Total Number of Shares (or Units) Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Number (or Approximate Dollar Value) of Shares (or Units) that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (1) 
 October 1, 2022 - October 31, 2022 150,188 November 1, 2022 - November 30, 2022 150,188 December 1, 2022 - December 31, 2022 150,188 Total 150,188 
 
 (1) On December 19, 2018, the Company s Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program of up to 400,000 shares of the Company s Common Stock. The Company may repurchase shares in open market transactions or by other means, such as privately negotiated transactions. The timing, price and volume of repurchases will be based on market conditions, relevant securities laws and other factors. The share repurchase plan does not obligate the Company to acquire any particular amount of Common Stock, and it may be modified or suspended at any time at the Company's discretion. On October 27, 2021, the Company's Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of an additional 200,000 shares under its existing share repurchase program. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 
 29 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 This section presents management s perspective on our financial condition and results of operations. The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes contained elsewhere in this annual report. To the extent that this discussion describes prior performance, the descriptions relate only to the periods listed, which may not be indicative of future financial outcomes. In addition to historical information, this discussion contains forward looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause results to differ materially from management s expectations. Factors that could cause such differences are discussed in the sections titled Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors . We assume no obligation to update any of these forward-looking statements. 

General 
 Bankwell Financial Group, Inc. (the "Parent Corporation") is a bank holding company headquartered in New Canaan, Connecticut. The Parent Corporation offers a broad range of financial services through its banking subsidiary, Bankwell Bank (the "Bank" and, collectively with the Parent Corporation and the Parent Corporation's subsidiaries, "we", "our", "us", or the "Company"). 
 The Bank is a Connecticut state chartered commercial bank, founded in 2002, whose deposits are insured under the Deposit Insurance Fund administered by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC ). The Bank provides a wide range of services to clients in our market, an area encompassing approximately a 100 mile radius around our branch network. In addition, the Bank pursues certain types of commercial lending opportunities outside our market, particularly where we have strong relationships. The Bank operates branches in New Canaan, Stamford, Fairfield, Westport, Darien, Norwalk, and Hamden, Connecticut. 
 The following discussion and analysis presents our results of operations and financial condition on a consolidated basis. However, because we conduct all of our material business operations through the Bank, the discussion and analysis relates to activities primarily conducted at the Bank. 
 We generate most of our revenue from interest on loans and investments and fee-based revenues. Our primary source of funding for our loans is deposits. Our largest expenses are interest on these deposits and salaries and related employee benefits. We measure our performance primarily through our net interest margin, efficiency ratio, ratio of allowance for loan losses to total loans, return on average assets and return on average equity, among other metrics, while maintaining appropriate regulatory leverage and risk-based capital ratios. 

Selected Financial Data 
 The following table sets forth selected consolidated financial data as of the dates and for the periods presented. The selected consolidated balance sheet data as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and the selected consolidated statement of income data for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 have been derived mainly from our audited consolidated financial statements and related notes that we have included elsewhere in this Annual Report. The selected consolidated balance sheet data as of December 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018 and the selected consolidated statement of income data for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018 has been derived mainly from audited consolidated financial statements that are not presented in this Annual Report. 
 The selected historical consolidated financial data as of any date and for any period are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be achieved as of any future date or for any future period. You should read the following selected statistical and financial data in conjunction with the more detailed information contained in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and our consolidated financial statements and the related notes that we have presented elsewhere in this Annual Report. 

30 

Selected Financial Data At or For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (g) 
 2019 2018 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) Statements of Income: Interest income 117,945 81,376 77,487 82,948 80,064 Interest expense 23,202 13,490 22,652 29,187 23,738 Net interest income 94,743 67,886 54,835 53,761 56,326 Provision (credit) for loan losses 5,437 (57) 7,605 437 3,440 Net interest income after provision for loan losses 89,306 67,943 47,230 53,324 52,886 Noninterest income 3,040 5,657 2,884 5,244 3,900 Noninterest expense 44,363 39,739 42,813 35,626 35,633 Income before income tax 47,983 33,861 7,301 22,942 21,153 Income tax expense 10,554 7,275 1,397 4,726 3,720 Net income 37,429 26,586 5,904 18,216 17,433 Per Share Data: Basic earnings per share 4.84 3.38 0.75 2.32 2.23 Diluted earnings per share 4.79 3.36 0.75 2.31 2.21 Book value per share (end of period) (a) 
 31.73 26.53 22.77 23.51 22.43 Tangible book value per share (end of period) (a)(b) 
 31.39 26.19 22.43 23.15 22.06 Dividend payout ratio (f) 
 16.70 19.05 74.67 22.51 21.72 Shares outstanding (end of period) (a) 
 7,516,699 7,612,807 7,755,909 7,757,828 7,764,647 Weighted average shares outstanding basic 7,563,363 7,706,407 7,728,328 7,757,355 7,722,175 Weighted average shares outstanding diluted 7,640,218 7,761,811 7,748,453 7,784,631 7,775,480 Performance Ratios: Return on average assets (c) 
 1.44 1.17 0.28 0.97 0.94 Return on average common shareholders equity (b) 
 16.72 13.86 3.35 10.20 10.19 Average shareholders equity to average assets 8.61 8.46 8.36 9.53 9.24 Net interest margin 3.78 3.17 2.77 3.03 3.18 Efficiency ratio (b) 
 45.4 53.9 73.9 60.2 59.2 Asset Quality Ratios: Total past due loans to total loans (d) 
 0.60 1.72 0.93 0.77 0.78 Nonperforming loans to total loans (d) 
 0.61 0.88 2.06 0.66 0.88 Nonperforming assets to total assets (e) 
 0.51 0.68 1.48 0.56 0.75 Allowance for loan losses to nonperforming loans 136.43 101.90 62.87 127.59 109.80 Allowance for loan losses to total loans (d) 
 0.84 0.89 1.29 0.84 0.96 Net charge-offs (recoveries) to average loans (d) 
 0.23 0.01 0.15 0.44 Statements of Financial Condition: Total assets 3,252,449 2,456,264 2,253,747 1,882,182 1,873,665 Gross portfolio loans (d) 
 2,675,448 1,894,881 1,625,627 1,604,484 1,604,726 Investment securities 121,634 108,409 106,890 100,865 116,584 Deposits 2,800,818 2,123,998 1,827,316 1,491,903 1,502,244 FHLB borrowings 90,000 50,000 175,000 150,000 160,000 Subordinated debt 68,959 34,441 25,258 25,207 25,155 Total equity 238,469 201,987 176,602 182,397 174,196 Capital Ratios: Tier 1 capital to average assets Bankwell Bank 9.88 9.94 8.44 10.99 10.14 Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets Bankwell Bank 10.28 11.18 11.06 12.53 11.56 Total capital to risk-weighted assets Bankwell Bank 11.07 12.00 12.28 13.35 12.50 Total shareholders equity to total assets 7.33 8.22 7.84 9.69 9.30 Tangible common equity ratio (b) 
 7.26 8.13 7.73 9.56 9.16 

31 

(a) Excludes unvested restricted stock awards. 
 (b) This measure is not a measure recognized under GAAP and is therefore considered to be a non-GAAP financial measure. See Non-GAAP Financial Measures for a description of this measure and a reconciliation of this measure to its most directly comparable GAAP measure. 
 (c) Calculated based on net income before preferred stock dividend. 
 (d) Calculated using the principal amounts outstanding on loans. 
 (e) Nonperforming assets consist of nonperforming loans and other real estate owned. 
 (f) The dividend payout ratio is the dividends per share divided by diluted earnings per share. 
 (g) Performance ratios for the year ended December 31, 2020 were negatively impacted by incremental COVID-19 pandemic related loan loss reserves and a 3.9 million one-time charge related to office consolidation, vendor contract termination and employee severance costs recognized in the fourth quarter of 2020. 
 NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES 
 We identify efficiency ratio , tangible common equity ratio , tangible book value per share , total revenue and return on average common shareholders equity as non-GAAP financial measures. In accordance with the SEC s rules, we classify a financial measure as being a non-GAAP financial measure if that financial measure excludes or includes amounts, or is subject to adjustments that have the effect of excluding or including amounts, that are included or excluded, as the case may be, in the most directly comparable measure calculated and presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles as in effect from time to time in the United States in our statements of income, balance sheet or statements of cash flows. Non-GAAP financial measures do not include operating and other statistical measures or ratios or statistical measures calculated using exclusively either financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP, operating measures or other measures that are not non-GAAP financial measures or both. 
 The non-GAAP financial measures that we discuss in this annual report should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the most directly comparable or other financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP. Moreover, the manner in which we calculate the non-GAAP financial measures that we discuss in this annual report may differ from that of other companies reporting measures with similar names. You should understand how such other banking organizations calculate their financial measures similar or with names similar to the non-GAAP financial measures we have discussed in this annual report when comparing such non-GAAP financial measures. 
 Efficiency ratio is defined as non-interest expenses, less merger and acquisition related expenses, other real estate owned expenses and amortization of intangible assets, divided by our operating revenue, which is equal to net interest income plus non-interest income excluding gains and losses on sales of securities and gains and losses on other real estate owned. In our judgment, the adjustments made to operating revenue allow investors and analysts to better assess our operating expenses in relation to our core operating revenue by removing the volatility that is associated with certain one-time items and other discrete items that are unrelated to our core business. 
 Tangible common equity is defined as total shareholders equity, excluding preferred stock, less goodwill and other intangible assets. We believe that this measure is important to many investors in the marketplace who are interested in changes from period to period in common shareholders equity exclusive of changes in intangible assets. Goodwill, an intangible asset that is recorded in a purchase business combination, has the effect of increasing both common equity and assets while not increasing our tangible common equity or tangible assets. 
 Tangible common equity ratio is defined as the ratio of tangible common equity divided by total assets less goodwill and other intangible assets. We believe that this measure is important to many investors in the marketplace who are interested in relative changes from period to period in common equity and total assets, each exclusive of changes in intangible assets. We believe that the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure is total shareholders equity to total assets. 
 Tangible book value per share is defined as book value, excluding the impact of goodwill and other intangible assets, if any, divided by shares of our common stock outstanding. 
 Total revenue is defined as the sum of net interest income before provision of loan losses and noninterest income. 
 Return on average common shareholders equity is defined as net income attributable to common shareholders divided by total average shareholders equity less average preferred stock, if any. 
 The information provided below presents a reconciliation of each of our non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. 

32 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) Efficiency Ratio Noninterest expense 44,363 39,739 42,813 35,626 35,633 Less: other real estate owned expenses 6 37 Less: Amortization of intangibles 76 138 75 92 Adjusted noninterest expense (numerator) 44,363 39,663 42,669 35,514 35,541 Net interest income 94,743 67,886 54,835 53,761 56,326 Noninterest income 3,040 5,657 2,884 5,244 3,900 Adjustments for: gains/(losses) on sales of securities 76 222 Adjustments for: gains/(losses) on sale of other real estate owned 19 (102) Adjusted operating revenue (denominator) 97,783 73,543 57,700 59,031 60,004 Efficiency ratio 45.4 53.9 73.9 60.2 59.2 Tangible Common Equity and Tangible Common Equity/Tangible Assets Total shareholders equity 238,469 201,987 176,602 182,397 174,196 Less: preferred stock Common shareholders equity 238,469 201,987 176,602 182,397 174,196 Less: Intangible assets 2,589 2,589 2,665 2,803 2,879 Tangible Common shareholders equity 235,880 199,398 173,937 179,594 171,317 Total assets 3,252,449 2,456,264 2,253,747 1,882,182 1,873,665 Less: Intangible assets 2,589 2,589 2,665 2,803 2,879 Tangible assets 3,249,860 2,453,675 2,251,082 1,879,379 1,870,786 Tangible common shareholders equity to tangible assets 7.26 8.13 7.73 9.56 9.16 Tangible Book Value per Share Total shareholders equity 238,469 201,987 176,602 182,397 174,196 Less: preferred stock Common shareholders equity 238,469 201,987 176,602 182,397 174,196 Less: Intangible assets 2,589 2,589 2,665 2,803 2,879 Tangible common shareholders equity 235,880 199,398 173,937 179,594 171,317 Common shares issued 7,730,699 7,803,166 7,919,278 7,868,803 7,842,271 Less: shares of unvested restricted stock 214,000 190,359 163,369 110,975 77,624 Common shares outstanding 7,516,699 7,612,807 7,755,909 7,757,828 7,764,647 Book value per share 31.73 26.53 22.77 23.51 22.43 Less: effects of intangible assets 0.34 0.34 0.34 0.36 0.37 Tangible Book Value per Common Share 31.39 26.19 22.43 23.15 22.06 Total Revenue Net interest income 94,743 67,886 54,835 53,761 56,326 Add: noninterest income 3,040 5,657 2,884 5,244 3,900 Total Revenue 97,783 73,543 57,719 59,005 60,226 Noninterest income as a percentage of total revenue 3.11 7.69 5.00 8.89 6.48 Return on Average Common Shareholders Equity Net Income Attributable to Common Shareholders 37,429 26,586 5,904 18,216 17,433 Total average shareholders equity 223,874 191,808 176,489 178,510 171,024 Less: average preferred stock Average Common Shareholders Equity 223,874 191,808 176,489 178,510 171,024 Return on Average Common Shareholders Equity 16.72 13.86 3.35 10.20 10.19 

33 

Executive Overview 
 We are focused on being the banking provider of choice and to serve as an alternative to our larger competitors. We aim to do this through: 
 Responsive, client-centric products and services and a community focus; 
 Organic growth and strategic acquisitions when market opportunities present themselves; 
 Utilization of efficient and scalable infrastructure; and 
 Disciplined focus on risk management. 

Key Financial Measures 
 
 The primary measures we use to evaluate and manage our financial results are set forth in the table below. Although we believe these measures are meaningful in evaluating our results and financial condition, they may not be directly comparable to similar measures used by other financial services companies and may not provide an appropriate basis to compare our results or financial condition to the results or financial condition of our competitors. The following tables set forth the key financial measures we use to evaluate the success of our business and our financial position and operating performance. 
 Key Financial Measures (a) 
 At or For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) Selected balance sheet measures: Total assets 3,252,449 2,456,264 Gross portfolio loans 2,675,448 1,894,881 Deposits 2,800,818 2,123,998 FHLB borrowings 90,000 50,000 Subordinated debt 68,959 34,441 Total equity 238,469 201,987 Selected statement of income measures: Total revenue (c) 
 97,783 73,543 Net interest income before provision for loan losses 94,743 67,886 Income before income tax expense 47,983 33,861 Net income 37,429 26,586 Basic earnings per share 4.84 3.38 Diluted earnings per share 4.79 3.36 

34 

Key Financial Measures (a) 
 At or For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Other financial measures and ratios: Return on average assets 1.44 1.17 Return on average common shareholders equity (c) 
 16.72 13.86 Net interest margin 3.78 3.17 Efficiency ratio (c) 
 45.4 53.9 Tangible book value per share (end of period) (c)(d) 
 31.39 26.19 Net charge-offs to average loans (b) 
 0.23 Nonperforming assets to total assets (e) 
 0.51 0.68 Allowance for loan losses to nonperforming loans 136.43 101.90 Allowance for loan losses to total loans (b) 
 0.84 0.89 
 (a) We derived the selected balance sheet measures as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and the selected statement of income measures for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 from our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report. Average balances have been computed using daily averages. Our historical results may not be indicative of our results for any future period. 
 (b) Calculated using the principal amounts outstanding on loans. 
 (c) This measure is not a measure recognized under GAAP and is therefore considered to be a non-GAAP financial measure. See Non-GAAP Financial Measures for a description of this measure and a reconciliation of this measure to its most directly comparable GAAP measure. 
 (d) Excludes unvested restricted stock awards. 
 (e) Nonperforming assets consist of nonperforming loans and other real estate owned. 

35 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 The discussion and analysis of our results of operations and financial condition are based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires us to make significant estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. Actual results could differ from our current estimates, as a result of changing conditions and future events. 
 We believe that accounting estimates related to the measurement of the allowance for loan losses, the valuation of derivative instruments, investment securities and deferred income taxes, and the evaluation of investment securities for other than temporary impairment are particularly critical and susceptible to significant near-term change. 

Allowance for Loan Losses 
 Determining an appropriate level of allowance for loan losses involves a high degree of judgment. We use a methodology to systematically measure the amount of estimated loan loss exposure inherent in the loan portfolio for purposes of establishing a sufficient allowance for loan losses. The methodology includes elements for specific reserves on impaired loans and loss allocations for non-impaired loans. 
 Loss allocations are identified for individual loans deemed to be impaired in accordance with GAAP. Impaired loans are loans for which it is probable that the Bank will not be able to collect all amounts due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreements, including nonaccrual loans and all loans restructured in a troubled debt restructuring. Impaired loans do not include large groups of smaller-balance homogeneous loans that are collectively evaluated for impairment. Impairment is measured on a discounted cash flow method based upon the loan s contractual effective interest rate, or at the loan s observable market price, or if the loan is collateral dependent, at the fair value of the collateral less costs to sell. For collateral dependent loans, management may adjust appraised values to reflect estimated market value declines or apply other discounts to appraised values for unobservable factors resulting from its knowledge of circumstances associated with the property. 
 Loss allocations for non-impaired loans are determined by portfolio segment and are based on the Bank s and peer banks historical loss experiences over an economic cycle adjusted for qualitative factors. Qualitative factors include, but are not limited to, lending policies and procedures, nature and volume of the portfolio, concentrations of credit, lending management and staff, volume and severity of problem loans, quality of review and rating systems, value of underlying collateral, current economic conditions, and competitive and regulatory issues. We analyze historical loss experience over periods deemed to be relevant to the inherent risk of loss in loan portfolios as of the balance sheet date. 
 Loss allocations for non-impaired loans are based on an internal rating system and the application of loss allocation factors. The loan rating system is described under the caption Credit quality indicators in Note 5 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. The loan rating system and the related loss allocation factors take into consideration parameters including the borrower s financial condition, the borrower s performance with respect to loan terms, and the adequacy of collateral. The loss allocation factors also take into account general and regional economic statistics, trends, and portfolio characteristics such as the age of the portfolio and the Bank s experience with a particular loan product. We periodically reassess and adjust the loss allocation factors used in the assignment of loss factors that we believe are not adequately presented in historical loss experience including trends in real estate values, changes in unemployment levels and increases in delinquency levels to appropriately reflect our analysis of migratory loss experience. 
 Because the methodology is partly based upon peer bank data and trends, current economic data as well as management s judgment, factors may arise that result in different estimations. Adversely different conditions or assumptions could lead to increases in the allowance. In addition, various regulatory agencies periodically review the allowance for loans losses. Such agencies may require additions to the allowance based on their judgments about information available to them at the time of their examination. As of December 31, 2022, management believes that the allowance is adequate and consistent with asset quality and delinquency indicators. 
 The Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB has adopted a new accounting standard, CECL, effective for the Company as of January 1, 2023. CECL will require the Bank to determine periodic estimates of lifetime expected credit losses on loans, other financial instruments and other commitments to extend credit and provide for the expected credit losses as allowances for credit losses. This will change our current method of providing allowance for loan losses and require us to record an allowance for credit losses as of January 1, 2023 materially in excess of our existing allowance for loan losses. CECL will also greatly increase the data we will need to collect and review to determine the appropriate level of the allowance for credit losses and will likely require larger allowances for credit losses going forward than our current methodology. 

36 

Derivative Instrument Valuation 
 The Company enters into interest rate swap agreements as part of the Company s interest rate risk management strategy. Management applies the hedge accounting provisions of Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 815, "Hedge Accounting , and formally documents at inception all relationships between hedging instruments and hedged items, as well as its risk management objectives and strategies for undertaking the various hedges. Additionally, the Company assesses whether the derivative used in its hedging transaction is expected to be and has been highly effective in offsetting changes in the fair value or cash flows of the hedged item. The Company discontinues hedge accounting when it is determined that a derivative is not expected to be or has ceased to be highly effective as a hedge, and then reflects changes in fair value of the derivative in earnings after termination of the hedge relationship. 
 The Company has characterized all of its interest rate swaps that qualify under ASC Topic 815, as cash flow hedges. Cash flow hedges are used to minimize the variability in cash flows of assets or liabilities, or forecasted transactions caused by fluctuations in the contractually specified interest rates, and are recorded at fair value in other assets within the consolidated balance sheet. Changes in the fair value of these cash flow hedges are initially recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income and subsequently reclassified into earnings when the forecasted transaction affects earnings. 
 The Company also has derivatives not designated as hedges. Derivatives not designated as hedges are not speculative and result from a service the Company provides to certain loan clients. The Company executes interest rate swaps with commercial banking clients to facilitate their respective risk management strategies. Those interest rate swaps are simultaneously hedged by offsetting derivatives that the Company executes with a third party, such that the Company minimizes its net risk exposure resulting from such transactions. As the interest rate derivatives associated with this program do not meet the strict hedge accounting requirements, changes in the fair value of both the client derivatives and the offsetting derivatives are recognized directly in earnings. 

Investment Securities Valuation 
 Fair values of the Company s investment securities are based on quoted market prices or dealer quotes, if available. If a quoted market price is not available, fair value is estimated using quoted market prices for similar securities. The Company s private placement municipal housing authority bonds, classified as held to maturity, have no available quoted market price. The fair value for these securities is estimated using a discounted cash flow model. Due to the judgments and uncertainties involved in the estimation process, the estimates could result in materially different results under different assumptions and conditions. 

Evaluation of Investment Securities for Other Than Temporary Impairment 
 The Company evaluates investment securities within the Company s available for sale and held to maturity portfolios for other-than-temporary impairment OTTI ), at least quarterly. If the fair value of a debt security is below the amortized cost basis of the security, OTTI is required to be recognized if any of the following are met: (1) the Company intends to sell the security; (2) it is more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell the security before recovery of its amortized cost basis; or (3) for debt securities, the present value of expected cash flows is not sufficient to recover the entire amortized cost basis. For all impaired debt securities that are intended for sale, or more likely than not will be required to sell, the full amount of the loss is recognized as OTTI through earnings. Credit related OTTI for all other impaired debt securities is recognized through earnings. Non-credit related OTTI for such debt securities is recognized in other comprehensive income, net of applicable taxes. Should actual factors and conditions differ materially from those expected by management, the actual realization of gains or losses on investment securities could differ materially from the amounts recorded in the financial statements. 

Deferred Income Taxes 
 In accordance with ASC Topic 740, Income Taxes , certain aspects of accounting for income taxes require significant management judgment, including assessing the realizability of Deferred Tax Assets (DTAs). Such judgments are subjective and involve estimates and assumptions about matters that are inherently uncertain. Should actual factors and conditions differ materially from those used by management, the actual realization of DTAs could differ materially from the amounts recorded in the Consolidated Financial Statements and the accompanying Notes thereto. 
 DTAs generally represent items for which a benefit has been recognized for financial accounting purposes that cannot be realized for tax purposes until a future period. The realization of DTAs depends upon future sources of taxable income. Valuation allowances are established for those DTAs determined not likely to be realized based on management s judgment. 

37 

Earnings and Performance Overview 
 2022 Earnings Overview 
 Our net income for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 37.4 million, an increase of 10.8 million, or 40.8 , compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. Diluted earnings per share was 4.79 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to diluted earnings per share of 3.36 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Our returns on average shareholders' equity and average assets for the year ended December 31, 2022, were 16.72 and 1.44 , respectively, compared to 13.86 and 1.17 , respectively for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 The increase in net income for 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily attributable to an increase in interest and fees on loans due to record loan growth and higher overall loan yields in 2022. The increase in revenues was partially offset by the following: an increase in interest expense; a decrease in noninterest income driven by a reduction in loans sales and the absence of rental income in 2022 due to the disposition of the Company's former headquarter building in the fourth quarter of 2021. Revenues in 2021 also included a one-time federal payroll tax credit for COVID-19 of 0.9 million recognized in the quarter ended March 31, 2021 which did not repeat in 2022. In addition, the increase in net income was partially offset by an increase in the provision for loan losses due to loan growth and an increase in noninterest expense for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Net interest income for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 94.7 million, an increase of 26.9 million compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. Our net interest margin increased 61 basis points to 3.78 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in the net interest margin was due to an increase in overall loan yields, aided in part by elevated loan prepayment fees, partially offset by an increase in funding costs. 

Results of Operations 
 Net Interest Income 
 Net interest income is the difference between interest earned on loans and securities and interest paid on deposits and other borrowings, and is the primary source of our operating income. Net interest income is affected by the level of interest rates, changes in interest rates and changes in the amount and composition of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. Included in interest income are certain loan fees, such as deferred origination fees and late charges. We convert tax-exempt income to a Fully Taxed Equivalent (FTE) basis using the statutory federal income tax rate adjusted for applicable state income taxes net of the related federal tax benefit. The average balances are principally daily averages. Interest income on loans includes the effect of deferred loan fees and costs accounted for as yield adjustments. Premium amortization and discount accretion are included in the res pective interest income and interest expense amounts. 
 FTE net interest income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 94.9 million and 68.1 million, respectively. FTE net interest income increased primarily due to loan growth and higher overall loan yields. The increase in FTE net interest income was partially offset by an increase in interest expense. 
 FTE basis interest income for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 36.6 million, or 44.8 , to 118.1 million compared to FTE basis interest income for the year ended December 31, 2021 due primarily to an increase in commercial real estate loans and commercial business loans. Average interest earning assets were 2.5 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022, increasing by 367.6 million, or 17.1 , from the year ended December 31, 2021. The average balance of total loans increased 408.8 million, or 23.4 . The total average balance of securities for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased by 15.0 million, or 14.5 , from the year ended December 31, 2021. The total yield in earnings assets increased to 4.64 at December 31, 2022, compared to 3.75 at December 31, 2021. The increase in yield was primarily driven by higher yields on loans, as well as higher yields on our cash balances as a result of the overall increased rate environment for 2022. 
 Interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased by 9.7 million, or 72.0 , compared to interest expense for 2021 due to an increase in rates on interest bearing deposits. 

38 

Distribution of Assets, Liabilities and Stockholders Equity; Interest Rates and Interest Differential 
 The following table below presents the average balances and yields earned on interest-earning assets and average balances and weighted average rates paid on our funding liabilities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Average Balance Interest Yield/ 
 Rate (4) 
 Average Balance Interest Yield/ 
 Rate (4) 
 (Dollars in thousands) Assets: Cash and fed funds sold 238,233 3,500 1.47 294,471 376 0.13 Securities (1) 
 118,591 3,280 2.77 103,592 3,071 2.96 Loans: Commercial real estate 1,532,971 76,103 4.90 1,225,770 55,995 4.51 Residential real estate 66,028 2,408 3.65 99,101 3,363 3.39 Construction 115,902 6,666 5.67 97,163 3,780 3.84 Commercial business 427,178 25,561 5.90 313,422 14,589 4.59 Consumer 10,121 504 4.98 7,929 315 3.97 Total loans 2,152,200 111,242 5.10 1,743,385 78,042 4.42 Federal Home Loan Bank stock 4,132 124 3.00 4,156 88 2.12 Total earning assets 2,513,156 118,146 4.64 2,145,604 81,577 3.75 Other assets 86,485 120,955 Total assets 2,599,641 2,266,559 Liabilities and shareholders equity: Interest bearing liabilities: NOW 118,837 203 0.17 111,515 198 0.18 Money market 891,095 8,830 0.99 804,679 4,042 0.50 Savings 188,186 1,259 0.67 175,629 413 0.23 Time 617,480 9,072 1.47 508,651 5,790 1.14 Total interest bearing deposits 1,815,598 19,364 1.07 1,600,474 10,443 0.65 Borrowed money 118,960 3,838 3.18 103,919 3,047 2.89 Total interest bearing liabilities 1,934,558 23,202 1.20 1,704,393 13,490 0.79 Noninterest bearing deposits 401,005 323,648 Other liabilities 40,204 46,710 Total liabilities 2,375,767 2,074,751 Shareholders equity 223,874 191,808 Total liabilities and shareholders equity 2,599,641 2,266,559 Net interest income (2) 
 94,944 68,087 Interest rate spread 3.44 2.96 Net interest margin (3) 
 3.78 3.17 
 (1) Average balances and yields for securities are based on amortized cost. 
 (2) The adjustment for securities and loans taxable equivalency was 200 thousand and 201 thousand, respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Tax exempt income was converted to a fully taxable equivalent basis at a 20 percent tax rate for 2022 and 2021. 
 (3) Net interest inco me as a percentage of total earning assets. 
 (4) Yields are calculated using the contractual day count convention for each respective product type. 

39 

Effect of changes in interest rates and volume of average earning assets and average interest-bearing liabilities 
 The following table shows the extent to which changes in interest rates and changes in the volume of average earning assets and average interest-bearing liabilities have affected net interest income. For each category of earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, information is provided relating to: changes in volume (changes in average balances multiplied by the prior year s average interest rates); changes in rates (changes in average interest rates multiplied by the prior year s average balances); and the total change. Changes attributable to both volume and rate have been allocated proportionately based on the relationship of the absolute dollar amount of change in each. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 vs 2021 Increase (Decrease) Volume Rate Total (In thousands) Interest and dividend income: Cash and fed funds sold (85) 3,210 3,125 Securities 424 (215) 209 Loans: Commercial real estate 14,938 5,170 20,108 Residential real estate (1,191) 236 (955) Construction 828 2,058 2,886 Commercial business 6,130 4,842 10,972 Consumer 99 91 190 Total loans 20,804 12,397 33,201 Federal Home Loan Bank stock (1) 36 35 Total change in interest and dividend income 21,142 15,428 36,570 Interest expense: Deposits: NOW 13 (8) 5 Money market 476 4,313 4,789 Savings 32 815 847 Time 1,392 1,890 3,282 Total deposits 1,913 7,010 8,923 Borrowed money 467 323 790 Total change in interest expense 2,380 7,333 9,713 Change in net interest income 18,762 8,095 26,857 

Provision for Loan Losses 
 The provision for loan losses is based on management s periodic assessment of the adequacy of our allowance for loan losses which, in turn, is based on such interrelated factors as the composition of our loan portfolio and its inherent risk characteristics, the level of nonperforming loans and net charge-offs, both current and historic, local economic and credit conditions, the direction of real estate values, and regulatory guidelines. The provision for loan losses is charged against earnings in order to maintain our allowance for loan losses and reflects management s best estimate of probable losses inherent in our loan portfolio at the balance sheet date. 
 The provision for loan losses for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 5.4 million compared to a 0.1 million credit for loan losses for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase i n the provision for loan losses was due to loan growth. 

40 

Noninterest Income 
 Noninterest income is a component of our revenue and is comprised primarily of fees generated from loan and deposit relationships with our clients, fees generated from sales and referrals of loans, income earned on bank owned life insurance and gains on sales of investment securities. The following table compares noninterest income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Years Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Gains and fees from sales of loans 1,236 2,692 (1,456) (54) Bank owned life insurance 1,069 1,023 46 4 Service charges and fees 1,072 872 200 23 Other (337) 1,070 (1,407) (131) Total noninterest income 3,040 5,657 (2,617) (46) 
 
 Noninterest income decreased by 2.6 million to 3.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 The decrease in noninterest income was driven by a reduction in loan sales in 2022 compared to 2021. Noninterest income also declined due to a one-time federal payroll tax credit for COVID-19 of 0.9 million recognized in the quarter ended March 31, 2021. Lastly, a decrease in noninterest income was due to the absence of rental income of 0.7 million which was recognized in 2021 as a result of the disposition of the Company's former headquarter building. 

Noninterest Expense 
 The following table compares noninterest expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Years Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Salaries and employee benefits 22,237 18,317 3,920 21 Occupancy and equipment 8,297 10,682 (2,385) (22) Data processing 2,632 2,409 223 9 Professional services 3,887 2,260 1,627 72 Director fees 1,394 1,303 91 7 FDIC insurance 1,638 1,232 406 33 Marketing 366 404 (38) (9) Other 3,912 3,132 780 25 Total noninterest expense 44,363 39,739 4,624 12 
 
 Noninterest expense increased by 4.6 million, or 12 , to 44.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in noninterest expense was primarily driven by an increase in salaries and employee benefits expense, professional services expense, FDIC Insurance, and losses related to deposit accounts. These increases were partially offset by a decrease in occupancy and equipment expense. 
 Salaries and employee benefits expense totaled 22.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 3.9 million when compared to th e same period in 2021 . The increase in salaries and employee benefits expense was driven by an increase in full time equivalent employees, as well as an increase in variable compensation as a result of the Bank's overall growth and improved performance. Full time equivalent employees totaled 136 at December 31, 2022 compared to 126 for the same period in 2021 . The increase in salaries and employee benefits expense was partially offset by higher loan originations, which enabled the Bank to defer a greater amount of expenses. 

41 

Professional services expense totaled 3.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 , an increase of 1.6 million when compared to the same period in 2021 . The increase in professional services expense was primarily driven by consulting fees associated with various projects, including our core system conversion. 
 FDIC insurance expense totaled 1.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 , an increase of 0.4 million when compared to the same period in 2021 . The higher FDIC insurance expense is attributed to the overall balance sheet growth and increased use of brokered deposits. 
 Other expense totaled 3.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 , an increase of 0.8 million . The increase was mainly attributable to 0.6 million of deposit account losses, of which 0.3 million were two discreet events of identity theft perpetrated against the Bank's client s where the Bank reimbursed the impacted client s. 
 Occupancy and equipment expense totaled 8.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 , a decrease of 2.4 million when compared to the same period in 2021. The decrease in occupancy and equipment expense was primarily driven by the curtailment of additional cleaning costs associated with precautions taken to prevent the spread of COVID-19 during the year ended December 31, 2021 . In addition, the decrease in occupancy and equipment expense was impacted by a reduction in lease expense as a result of the branch closure in New Canaan, which occurred during the third quarter of 2021. 

Income Taxes 
 Income tax expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled 10.6 million and 7.3 million, respectively. The effective tax rates for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, were 22.0 and 21.5 , respectively. 
 O ur net deferred tax asset at December 31, 2022 was 7.4 million, compared to 7.6 million at December 31, 2021. 
 On October 8, 2015, the Bank established a wholly-owned subsidiary, Bankwell Loan Servicing Group, Inc. (a Passive Investment Company PIC ). The PIC was organized in accordance with Connecticut statutes to hold and manage certain loans that are collateralized by real estate. Income earned by the PIC is exempt from Connecticut income tax and any dividends paid by the PIC to the Bank are not taxable income for Connecticut income tax purposes. See Note 13 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for further information regarding income taxes. 

Financial Condition 
 Summary 
 Assets totaled 3.3 billion at December 31, 2022, compared to assets of 2.5 billion at December 31, 2021. The increase in assets was primarily due to loan growth. Gross loans totaled 2.7 billion at December 31, 2022, an increase of 780.6 million or 41.2 compared to December 31, 2021. Deposits totaled 2.8 billion at December 31, 2022, compared to deposits of 2.1 billion at December 31, 2021. 
 
 Shareholders equity totaled 238.5 million as of December 31, 2022, an increase of 36.5 million com pared to December 31, 2021, primarily a result of (i) net income of 37.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and (ii) an 8.4 million favorable impact to accumulated other comprehensive income driven by fair value marks related to hedge positions involving interest rate sw aps of 16.8 million, partially offset by fair value marks on the Company's investment portfolio of 8.4 million. The Company's interest rate swaps are used to hedge interest rate risk. The increase in Shareholders equity was partially offset by dividends paid of 6.2 million and common stock repurchases of 5.5 million . 

42 

Loan Portfolio 
 We originate commercial real estate loans, construction loans, commercial business loans and consumer loans in our market. We also pursue certain types of commercial lending opportunities outside our market, particularly where we have strong business relationships. Our loan portfolio is the largest category of our earnings assets. 
 The following table compares the composition of our loan portfolio for the dates indicated: 
 2022 2021 Change Total Total Total (Dollars in thousands) Real estate loans: Residential 60,588 2.27 79,987 4.22 (19,399) Commercial 1,921,252 71.81 1,356,709 71.60 564,543 Construction 155,198 5.80 98,341 5.19 56,857 2,137,038 79.88 1,535,037 81.01 602,001 Commercial business 520,447 19.45 350,975 18.52 169,472 Consumer 17,963 0.67 8,869 0.47 9,094 Total loans 2,675,448 100.00 1,894,881 100.00 780,567 
 Primary loan categories 
 Residential real estate . Residential real estate loans decreased by 19.4 million, or 24.3 , at December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021 and amounted to 60.6 million, representing 2 of total loans at December 31, 2022 . In the fourth quarter of 2017, management made the strategic decision to no longer originate residential mortgage loans. 
 Commercial real estate. Commercial real estate loans were 1.9 billion and represented 72 of our total loan portfolio at December 31, 2022 , a net increase of 564.5 million, or 41.6 , from December 31, 2021. Commercial real estate loan growth during this period largely reflects strong production from experienced relationship managers in the marketplace and their ability to source quality opportunities, and enhanced lending to existing clients. Commercial real estate loans are secured by a variety of property types, including healthcare facilities, office buildings, retail facilities, commercial mixed use and multi-family dwellings. 
 Construction. Construction loans were 155.2 million at December 31 2022 , up 56.9 million, or 57.8 , from December 31, 2021. Construction loans totaled 98.3 million at December 31, 2021. Commercial construction loans consist of commercial development projects, such as apartment buildings and condominiums, as well as office buildings, retail and other income producing properties and land loans. 
 Commercial business. Commercial business loans were 520.4 million and represented 19 of our total loan portfolio at December 31, 2022 , a net increase of 169.5 million, or 48.3 , from December 31, 2021. The increase in commercial business loans is a direct result of the Bank s commitment to growing this portfolio. Commercial business loans primarily provide working capital, equipment financing, financing for leasehold improvements and financing for expansion and are generally secured by assignments of corporate assets, real estate and personal guarantees of the business owners. 
 We evaluate the appropriateness of our underwriting standards in response to changes in national and regional economic conditions, including such matters as market interest rates, energy prices, trends in real estate values, and employment levels. Based on our assessment of these matters, underwriting standards and credit monitoring activities are enhanced from time to time in response to changes in these conditions. 

43 

The following table presents an analysis of the maturity of our commercial real estate, commercial construction and commercial business loan portfolios as of December 31, 2022. December 31, 2022 Commercial Real Estate Commercial Construction Commercial Business Total (In thousands) Amounts due: One year or less 129,347 47,836 135,366 312,549 After one year: One to five years 1,390,876 72,219 220,200 1,683,295 Over five years 401,030 35,143 164,881 601,054 Total due after one year 1,791,906 107,362 385,081 2,284,349 Total 1,921,253 155,198 520,447 2,596,898 
 
 The following table presents an analysis of the interest rate sensitivity of our commercial real estate, commercial construction and commercial business loan portfolios due after one year as of December 31, 2022. 
 December 31, 2022 Adjustable Interest Rate Fixed Interest Rate Total (In thousands) Commercial real estate 233,559 1,558,347 1,791,906 Commercial construction 80,551 26,811 107,362 Commercial business 219,802 165,279 385,081 Total loans due after one year 533,912 1,750,437 2,284,349 
 Asset Quality 
 We actively manage asset quality through our underwriting practices and collection operations. Our Board of Directors monitors credit risk management. The Directors Loan Committee ("DLC") has primary oversight responsibility for the credit-granting function including approval authority for credit-granting policies, review of management s credit-granting activities and approval of large exposure credit requests, as well as loan review and problem loan management and resolution. The committee reports the results of its respective oversight functions to our Board of Directors. In addition, our Board of Directors receives information concerning asset quality measurements and trends on a monthly basis. While we continue to adhere to prudent underwriting standards, our loan portfolio is not immune to potential negative consequences as a result of general economic weakness, such as a prolonged downturn in the real estate market on a national scale. Decreases in real estate values could adversely affect the value of property used as collateral for loans. In addition, adverse changes in the economy could have a negative effect on the ability of borrowers to make scheduled loan payments, which would likely have an adverse impact on earnings. 
 The Company has established credit policies applicable to each type of lending activity in which it engages. The Company evaluates the creditworthiness of each client and extends credit o f up to 80 of the market value of the collateral, depending on the borrower's creditworthiness and the type of collateral. The borrower s ability to service the debt is monitored on an ongoing basis. Real estate is the primary form of collateral. Other important forms of collateral are business assets, time deposits and marketable securities. While collateral provides assurance as a secondary source of repayment, the Company ordinarily requires the primary source of repayment for commercial loans, to be based on the borrower s ability to generate continuing cash flows. In the fourth quarter of 2017 management made the strategic decision to no longer originate residential mortgage loans. Commencing with the third quarter of 2019, the Company no longer offers home equity loans or lines of credit. The Company s policy for residential lending generally required that the amount of the loan may not exceed 80 of the original appraised value of the property. In certain situations, the amount may have exceeded 80 LTV either with private mortgage insurance being required for that portion of the residential loan in excess of 80 of the ap praised value of the property or where secondary financing is provided by a housing authority program second mortgage, a community s low/moderate income housing program, or a religious or civic organization. 
 Credit risk management involves a partnership between our relationship managers and our credit approval, portfolio management, credit administration and collections departments. Disciplined underwriting, portfolio monitoring and early 

44 

problem recognition are important aspects of maintaining our high credit quality standards and low levels of nonperforming assets since our inception in 2002. 
 Acquired Loans . Loans acquired in acquisitions are initially recorded at fair value with no carryover of the related allowance for credit losses. Acquired loans that have evidence of deterioration in credit quality since origination and for which it is probable, at acquisition, that all contractually required payments will not be collected are initially recorded at fair value without recording an allowance for loan losses. Determining the fair value of the loans is determined using market participant assumptions in estimating the amount and timing of principal and interest cash flows initially expected to be collected on the loans and discounting those cash flows at an appropriate market rate of interest. 
 Under the accounting model for acquired loans, the excess of cash flows expected to be collected over the carrying amount of the loans, referred to as the accretable yield , is accreted into interest income over the life of the loans. Accordingly, acquired loans are not subject to classification as nonaccrual in the same manner as originated loans. Rather, acquired loans are considered to be accruing loans because their interest income relates to the accretable yield recognized and not to contractual interest payments. The excess of the loans' contractually required payments over the cash flows expected to be collected is the nonaccretable difference. As such, charge-offs on acquired loans are first applied to the nonaccretable difference and then to any allowance for loan losses recognized subsequent to the acquisition. A decrease in expected cash flows in subsequent periods may indicate that the loan pool is impaired, which would require the establishment of an allowance for loan losses by a charge to the provision for loan losses. 
 Nonperforming Assets . Nonperforming assets include nonaccrual loans and property acquired through foreclosures or repossession. The following table presents nonperforming assets and additional asset quality data for the dates indicated: At December 31, 2022 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Nonaccrual loans: Real estate loans: Residential 2,152 2,380 Commercial 2,781 3,482 Commercial business 2,126 1,728 Construction 9,382 8,997 Total nonaccrual loans 16,441 16,587 Property acquired through foreclosure or repossession, net Total nonperforming assets 16,441 16,587 Nonperforming assets to total assets 0.51 0.68 Nonperforming loans to total loans 0.61 0.88 
 
 Total nonaccrual loans were 16.4 million as of December 31, 2022 . Nonperforming assets as a percentage of total assets was 0.51 at December 31, 2022 , do wn from 0.68 a t December 31, 2021. The allowance for loan losses at December 31, 2022 w as 22.4 million, representing 0.84 of total loans. The 5.5 million increase in the allowance for loan losses at December 31, 2022 when compared to December 31, 2021 was primarily due to an increase in loan growth when compared to 2021. 
 Nonaccrual Loans . Loans greater than 90 days past due are generally put on nonaccrual status (excluding certain acquired credit impaired loans). Loans are also placed on nonaccrual status when, in the opinion of management, full collection of principal and interest is doubtful. Interest previously accrued, but uncollected, is reversed against current period income. Subsequent payments are recognized on a cash basis or principal recapture basis depending on a number of factors including probability of collection and if impairment is identified. A nonaccrual loan is restored to accrual status when it is no longer delinquent and collectability of interest and principal is no longer in doubt. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no commitments to lend additional funds to any borrower on nonaccrual status. 
 Past Due Loans . When a loan is 15 days past due, the Company sends the borrower a late notice. The Company attempts to contact the borrower by phone if the delinquency is not corrected promptly after the notice has been sent. When the loan is 30 days past due, the Company mails the borrower a letter reminding the borrower of the delinquency, and attempts to contact the borrower personally to determine the reason for the delinquency and ensure the borrower understands the terms of the loan. If necessary, after the 90th day of delinquency, the Company may take other appropriate legal action. A summary report of all loans 30 days or more past due is provided to the Board of Directors of the Company periodically. Loans greater than 90 days 

45 

past due are generally put on nonaccrual status. A nonaccrual loan is restored to accrual status when it is no longer delinquent and collectability of interest and principal is no longer in doubt. A loan is considered to be no longer delinquent when timely payments are made for a period of at least six months (one year for loans providing for quarterly or semi-annual payments) by the borrower in accordance with the contractual terms. 
 The following table presents past due loans as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 30 59 Days Past Due 60 89 Days Past Due 90 Days or Greater Past Due Total Past Due (In thousands) As of December 31, 2022 Residential real estate 1,969 171 2,140 Commercial real estate 66 2,540 2,606 Construction 9,382 9,382 Commercial business 23 1,910 1,933 Consumer Total loans 2,058 14,003 16,061 As of December 31, 2021 Residential real estate 873 878 1,751 Commercial real estate 2,186 10,500 4,244 16,930 Construction 8,997 8,997 Commercial business 1,995 1,483 1,469 4,947 Consumer 3 3 Total loans 5,054 11,986 15,588 32,628 
 
 Total past due loans totaled 16.1 million and represented 0.60 of total loans as of December 31, 2022, decreasing 16.6 million from De cember 31, 2021. Th e decrease in past due loans primarily relates past due loans that have been since brought current as of December 31, 2022. 
 Troubled Debt Restructurings (TDR) . Loans are considered restructured in a troubled debt restructuring when the borrower is experiencing financial difficulties and the Bank has granted concessions to a borrower due to the borrower s financial condition that we otherwise would not have considered. These concessions may include modifications of the terms of the debt such as reduction of the stated interest rate other than normal market rate adjustments, extension of maturity dates, or reduction of principal balance or accrued interest. The decision to restructure a loan, rather than aggressively enforcing the collection of the loan, may benefit us by increasing the ultimate probability of collection. 
 Restructured loans are classified as accruing or nonaccruing based on management s assessment of the collectability of the loan. Loans which are already on nonaccrual status at the time of the restructuring generally remain on nonaccrual status for approximately six months before management considers such loans for return to accruing status. Accruing restructured loans are placed into nonaccrual status if and when the borrower fails to comply with the restructured terms and management deems it unlikely that the borrower will return to a status of compliance in the near term. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were seven nonaccrual loans identified as TDRs totaling 2.5 million and five nonaccrual loans identified as TDRs totaling 2.0 million, respectively. 

46 

The following table presents information on troubled debt restructured loans: 
 At December 31, 2022 2021 (In thousands) Accruing troubled debt restructured loans: Residential real estate 1,694 1,770 Commercial real estate 15,893 19,489 Commercial business 2,147 2,594 Accruing troubled debt restructured loans 19,734 23,853 Nonaccrual troubled debt restructured loans: Residential real estate 2,113 1,502 Commercial business 367 465 Nonaccrual troubled debt restructured loans 2,480 1,967 Total troubled debt restructured loans 22,214 25,820 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, loans classified as troubled debt restructurings totaled 22.2 million and 25.8 million, respectively. 
 Potential Problem Loans . We classify certain loans as special mention , substandard , or doubtful , based on criteria consistent with guidelines provided by our banking regulators. Potential problem loans represent loans that are currently performing, but for which known information about possible credit problems of the related borrowers causes management to have doubts as to the ability of such borrowers to comply with the present loan repayment terms and which may result in disclosure of such loans as nonperforming at some time in the future. We cannot predict the extent to which economic conditions or other factors may impact borrowers and the potential problem loans. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that other loans will not become 90 days or more past due, be placed on nonaccrual, become restructured, or require increased allowance coverage and provision for loan losses. Potential problem loans are assessed for loss exposure using the methods described in Note 5 to our Consolidated Financial Statements under the caption Credit Quality Indicators . 
 We expect the levels of nonperforming assets and potential problem loans to fluctuate in response to changing economic and market conditions, and the relative sizes of the respective loan portfolios, along with our degree of success in resolving problem assets. We take a proactive approach with respect to the identification and resolution of problem loans. 

Allowance for Loan Losses 
 We evaluate the adequacy of the allowance at least quarterly, and in determining our allowance for loan losses, we estimate losses on specific loans, or groups of loans, where the probable loss can be identified and reasonably determined. The balance of our allowance for loan losses is based on internally assigned risk classifications of loans, the Bank s and peer banks historical loss experience, changes in the nature of the loan portfolio, overall portfolio quality, industry concentrations, delinquency trends, current economic factors and the estimated impact of current economic conditions on certain historical loan loss rates. See additional discussion regarding our allowance for loan losses under the caption Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates. 
 Our general practice is to identify problem credits early and recognize full or partial charge-offs as promptly as practicable when it is determined that it is probable that the loan will not be repaid according to its original contractual terms, including principal and interest. Full or partial charge-offs on collateral dependent impaired loans are recognized when the collateral is deemed to be insufficient to support the carrying value of the loan. We do not recognize a recovery when an updated appraisal indicates a subsequent increase in value of the collateral. 
 Our charge-off policies, which comply with standards established by our banking regulators, are consistently applied from period to period. Charge-offs are recorded on a monthly basis, as incurred. Partially charged-off loans continue to be evaluated on a monthly basis and additional charge-offs or loan loss provisions may be recorded on the remaining loan balance based on the same criteria. 

47 

The following table presents the activity in our allowance for loan losses and related ratios for the dates indicated: At December 31, 2022 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Balance at beginning of period 16,902 21,009 Charge-offs: Residential real estate Commercial real estate (3,977) Construction Commercial business (77) Consumer (22) (39) Total charge-offs (22) (4,093) Recoveries: Residential real estate Commercial real estate 76 Commercial Business 34 30 Consumer 4 13 Total recoveries 114 43 Net recoveries (charge-offs) 92 (4,050) Provision (credit) charged to earnings 5,437 (57) Balance at end of period 22,431 16,902 Net recoveries or charge-offs to average loans 0.23 Allowance for loan losses to total loans 0.84 0.89 
 
 At December 31, 2022, our allowance for loan losses was 22.4 million and represented 0.84 of total loans, compared to 16.9 million and 0.89 of total loans at December 31, 2021. The decrease in the ratio of allowance for loan losses to total loans is due to charge-offs taken in the prior year against previously established loan loss reserves as a result of improving economic trends partially offset by an increase in loan growth. For t he year ended December 31, 2022, the provision for loan losses totaled 5.4 million. For the year ended December 31, 2021 the credit for loan losses totaled 0.1 million. Net recoveries for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 0.1 million and represented 0.00 of average loans. For the year ended December 31, 2021, net charge-offs were 4.1 million and represented 0.23 of average loans. 
 The carrying amount of total impaired loans at December 31, 2022 was 42.8 million. This compares to a carrying amount of 47.2 million for total impaired loans at December 31, 2021. The amount of allowance for loan losses related to impaired loans was 0.9 million and 2.9 million, respectively, at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

48 

The following table presents the allocation of the allowance for loan losses and the percentage of the related loan segments to total loans: 
 At December 31, 2022 2021 Amount Percent of Loan Portfolio Amount Percent of Loan Portfolio (Dollars in thousands) Residential real estate 163 2.27 504 4.22 Commercial real estate 15,597 71.81 12,751 71.60 Construction 311 5.80 4 5.19 Commercial business 6,214 19.45 3,590 18.52 Consumer 146 0.67 53 0.47 Total allowance for loan losses 22,431 100.00 16,902 100.00 
 The allocation of the allowance for loan losses at December 31, 2022 reflects our assessment of credit risk and probable loss within each portfolio. We believe that the level of the allowance for loan losses at December 31, 2022 is appropriate to cover probable losses. 

Investment Securities 
 We manage our investment securities portfolio to provide a readily available source of liquidity for balance sheet management, to generate interest income and to implement interest rate risk management strategies. Investments are designated as either marketable equity, available for sale, held to maturity or trading securities at the time of purchase. We do not currently maintain a portfolio of trading securities. Investment securities available for sale may be sold in response to changes in market conditions, prepayment risk, rate fluctuations, liquidity, or capital requirements. Investment securities available for sale are reported at fair value, with any unrealized gains and losses excluded from earnings and reported as a separate component of shareholders equity, net of tax, until realized. Investment securities held to maturity are reported at amortized cost. Marketable equity securities are reported at fair value, with any changes in fair value recognized in earnings. 
 The amortized cost and fair value of investment securities as of the dates indicated are presented in the following table: At December 31, 2022 2021 Amortized Cost Fair Value Amortized Cost Fair Value (In thousands) Marketable equity securities 2,138 1,988 2,107 2,168 Securities available for sale: U.S. Government and agency obligations 95,352 88,425 73,571 75,189 Corporate bonds 17,000 15,238 14,500 15,009 Total securities available for sale 112,352 103,663 88,071 90,198 Securities held to maturity: State agency and municipal obligations 15,947 15,398 15,998 18,393 Government mortgage-backed securities 36 37 45 52 Total securities held to maturity 15,983 15,435 16,043 18,445 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the carrying value of our investment securities portfolio totaled 121.6 million and represented 4 of total asse ts, compared to 108.4 million and 4 of total assets at December 31, 2021. The increase of 13.2 million primarily reflects purchases of corporate bonds. We purchase investment grade securities with a focus on liquidity, earnings and duration exposure. 
 T he net unrealized losses on our investment portfolio at December 31, 2022 was 9.2 million and included 0.3 million of gross unrealized gains. The net unrealized gain position on our investment portfolio at December 31, 2021 was 4.5 million and included 0.5 million of gross unrealized losses. All of our investment securities are rated investment grade or deemed to be of investment grade quality. 

49 

The following tables summarize the amortized cost and weighted average yield of securities in our investment securities portfolio as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, based on remaining period to contractual maturity. Information for mortgage-backed securities is based on the final contractual maturity dates without considering repayments and prepayments. Due Within 1 Year Due 1 5 Years Due 5 10 Years Due After 10 Years or No Contractual Maturity At December 31, 2022 Amortized Cost Yield Amortized Cost Yield Amortized Cost Yield Amortized Cost Yield (Dollars in thousands) Marketable equity securities 2,138 2.20 Securities available for sale: U.S. Government and agency obligations 55,262 1.99 31,527 2.61 8,563 0.39 Corporate bonds 15,500 4.18 1,500 4.50 Total securities available for sale 55,262 1.99 47,027 3.12 10,063 2.24 Securities held to maturity: State agency and municipal obligations 15,947 5.09 Government mortgage-backed securities 36 5.43 Total securities held to maturity 15,983 5.09 
 
 Due Within 1 Year Due 1 5 Years Due 5 10 Years Due After 10 Years or No Contractual Maturity At December 31, 2021 Amortized Cost Yield Amortized Cost Yield Amortized Cost Yield Amortized Cost Yield (Dollars in thousands) Marketable equity securities 2,107 2.20 Securities available for sale: U.S. Government and agency obligations 25,747 1.07 16,540 2.65 31,284 2.28 Corporate bonds 13,000 4.11 1,500 4.50 Total securities available for sale 25,747 1.07 29,540 3.29 32,784 2.38 Securities held to maturity: State agency and municipal obligations 15,998 4.87 Government mortgage-backed securities 45 5.41 Total securities held to maturity 16,043 4.87 

50 

Bank Owned Life Insurance ("BOLI") 
 BOLI amounted to 50.2 million as of December 31, 2022. The purchase of life insurance policies results in an income-earning asset on our consolidated balance sheet that provides monthly tax-free income to us. We expect to benefit from the BOLI contracts as a result of the tax-free growth in cash surrender value and death benefits that are expected to be generated over time. BOLI is included in our Consolidated Balance Sheets at its cash surrender value. Increases in the cash surrender value are reported as a component of noninterest income in our Consolidated Statements of Income. 

Deposit Activities and Other Sources of Funds 
 Our sources of funds include deposits, brokered certificates of deposit, FHLB borrowings, subordinated debt and proceeds from the sales, maturities and payments of loans and investment securities. 
 Total deposits represented 86 of our total assets at December 31, 2022. While scheduled loan and securities repayments are a relatively stable sources of funds, loan and investment security prepayments and deposit inflows are influenced by prevailing interest rates and local economic conditions and are inherently uncertain. 

Deposits 
 We offer a wide variety of deposit products and rates to consumer and business clients consistent with FDIC regulations. Our executive management team meets regularly to determine pricing and marketing initiatives. In addition to being an important source of funding for us, deposits also provide an ongoing stream of fee revenue. 
 We participate in the Certificate of Deposit Account Registry Service ("CDARS") and Insured Cash Sweep Service ("ICS") programs. We use CDARS and ICS to place client funds into certificate of deposit accounts and money market accounts, respectively, into other participating banks. These transactions occur in amounts that are less than FDIC insurance limits to ensure that deposit clients are eligible for FDIC insurance on the full amount of their deposits. Reciprocal amounts of deposits are received from other participating banks that do the same with their client deposits, and, we also execute one-way buy transactions. With the exception of reciprocal deposits, CDARS and ICS One-Way buy transactions are considered to be brokered deposits for bank regulatory purposes. 
 Time deposits may also be generated through the use of a listing service. We subscribe to a listing service, accessible to financial institutions, in which we may advertise our time deposit rates. Interested financial institutions then contact us directly to acquire a time certificate of deposit. There is no third party brokerage service involved in this transaction. 
 The following table sets forth the composition of our deposits for the dates indicated: 
 At December 31, 2022 2021 Amount Percent Weighted Average Rate Amount Percent Weighted Average Rate (Dollars in thousands) Noninterest-bearing demand 404,559 14.44 398,956 18.78 NOW 104,057 3.72 0.17 119,479 5.62 0.18 Money market 913,868 32.63 0.99 954,674 44.95 0.50 Savings 151,944 5.42 0.67 193,631 9.12 0.23 Time 1,226,390 43.79 1.47 457,258 21.53 1.14 Total deposits 2,800,818 100.00 1.07 2,123,998 100.00 0.65 
 Total deposits were 2.8 billion at December 31, 2022, an increase of 676.8 million, or 32 , from December 31, 2021. Brokered certificates of deposits ("Brokered CDs") totaled 976.5 million and 249.4 million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The increase in Brokered CDs was used to fund the significant loan growth during the second half of 2022, increasing 727.1 million compared to December 31, 2021. There were no certificates of deposits from national listing services at December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. 
 
 Brokered money market accounts totaled 50.1 million and 104.0 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Brokered deposits represent brokered certificates of deposit, brokered money market accounts, one-way buy Certificate of Deposit Account Registry Service ("CDARS"), and one way buy Insured Cash Sweep ("ICS"). 

51 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, time deposits, including CDARS and brokered certificates of deposit, with a denomination of 100 thousand or more totaled 1.2 billion and 0.4 billion, respectively, maturing during the periods indicated in the table below: 
 At December 31, 2022 2021 (In thousands) Maturing: Within 3 months 251,036 80,417 After 3 but within 6 months 252,673 21,935 After 6 months but within 1 year 530,400 25,625 After 1 year 123,130 263,216 Total 1,157,239 391,193 
 
 Federal Home Loan Bank Advances and Other Borrowings 
 The Bank is a member of the FHLB, which is part of a twelve district Federal Home Loan Bank System. Members are required to own capital stock of the FHLB, and borrowings are collateralized by qualifying assets not otherwise pledged. The maximum amount of credit that the FHLB will extend varies from time to time, depending on its policies and the amount of qualifying collateral the member can pledge. The Bank had satisfied its collateral requirement at December 31, 2022. 
 We utilize advances from the FHLB as part of our overall funding strategy, to meet short-term liquidity needs and to manage interest rate risk arising from the difference in asset and liability maturities. Total FHLB advances were 90.0 million at December 31, 2022 compared to 50.0 million at December 31, 2021. 
 The Bank has additional borrowing capacity at the FHLB up to a certain percentage of the value of qualified collateral. In accordance with agreements with the FHLB, the qualified collateral must be free and clear of liens, pledges and encumbrances. At December 31, 2022, the Bank had pledged 941.9 million of eligible loans as collateral to support borrowing capacity at the FHLB of Boston. As of December 31, 2022, the Bank had immediate availability to borrow an addition al 402.2 million based on qualified collateral. 
 Advances from the FHLB include short-term advances with original maturity dates of one year or less. The following table sets forth certain information concerning short-term FHLB advances as of and for the periods indicated in the following table: Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Average amount outstanding during the period 71,740 78,370 Amount outstanding at end of period 90,000 50,000 Highest month end balance during the period 130,000 125,000 Weighted average interest rate at end of period (1) 
 2.29 1.81 
 (1) 50 million of the Company's FHLB borrowings are subject to longer term interest rate swap agreements and the weighted average rate reflects the "all-in" swap rate under these long interest rate term swap agreements. 
 
 On August 19, 2015, the Company completed a private placement of 25.5 million in aggregate principal amount of fixed rate subordinated notes (the 2015 Notes to certain institutional investors. The 2015 Notes were non-callable for five years, had a stated maturity of August 15, 2025, and bore interest at a quarterly pay fixed rate of 5.75 per annum to the maturity date. The 2015 Notes became callable, in part or in whole, beginning August 2020. On May 15, 2021, the Company repaid 10.0 million of the 2015 Notes and on November 15, 2021, the Company repaid the remaining 15.5 million of the 2015 Notes. 
 On October 14, 2021, the Company completed a private placement of a 35.0 million fixed-to-floating rate subordinated note (the 2021 Note to an institutional accredited investor. The Company used the net proceeds to repay the 2015 Notes and for general corporate purposes. 
 The 2021 Note bears interest at a fixed rate of 3.25 per year until October 14, 2026. Thereafter, the interest rate will reset quarterly at a variable rate equal to the then current three-month term SOFR plus 233 basis points. The 2021 Note has a stated maturity of October 15, 2031 and is non-callable for five years. Beginning October 15, 2026, the Company may redeem the 

52 

2021 Note, in whole or in part, at its option. The 2021 Note is not redeemable at the option of the holder. The 2021 Note has been structured to qualify for the Company as Tier 2 capital under regulatory guidelines. 
 On August 19, 2022, the Company entered into a Subordinated Note Purchase Agreement with certain qualified institutional buyers, pursuant to which the Company issued and sold 6.0 fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes due 2032 (the 2022 Notes in the aggregate principal amount of 35.0 million. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the sale of the 2022 Notes for general corporate purposes. 
 The 2022 Notes bear interest at a fixed rate of 6.0 per year, from and including August 19, 2022 to, but excluding, September 1, 2027. From and including September 1, 2027 to, but excluding, the maturity date or early redemption date, the interest rate will reset quarterly at a variable rate equal to the then current three-month term SOFR plus 326 basis points. The 2022 Notes have a stated maturity of September 1, 2032 and are non-callable for five years. The Company may redeem the 2022 Notes, in whole or in part, at its option, on the fifth anniversary of the issue date or on any interest payment date thereafter. Any redemption by the Company would be at a redemption price equal to 100 of the principal amount of the 2022 Notes being redeemed, together with any accrued and unpaid interest on the 2022 Notes being redeemed to but excluding the date of redemption. The 2022 Notes are not subject to redemption at the option of the holder. The 2022 Notes have been structured to qualify for the Company as Tier 2 capital under regulatory guidelines. 

Derivative Instruments 
 The Company uses interest rate swap instruments to fix the interest rate on short-term FHLB borrowings or brokered deposits, all of which are designated as cash flow hedges. The hedge strategy converts the rate of interest on short-term rolling FHLB advances or brokered deposits to long-term fixed interest rates, thereby protecting the Bank from interest rate variability in the contractually specified interest rates. 
 Derivatives not designated as hedges are not speculative and result from a service the Company provides to certain loan clients. The Company executes interest rate swaps with commercial banking clients to facilitate their respective risk management strategies. Those interest rate swaps are simultaneously hedged by offsetting derivatives that the Company executes with a third party, such that the Company minimizes its net risk exposure resulting from such transactions. As the interest rate derivatives associated with this program do not meet the strict hedge accounting requirements, changes in the fair value of both the client derivatives and the offsetting derivatives are recognized directly in earnings. Information about derivative instruments at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was as follows: 
 As of December 31, 2022 Derivative Assets Derivative Liabilities Original Notional Amount Balance Sheet Location Fair Value Original Notional Amount Balance Sheet Location Fair Value (In thousands) Derivatives designated as hedging instruments: Interest rate swaps 125,000 Other assets 8,292 Accrued expenses and other liabilities Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: Interest rate swaps (1) 
 38,500 Other assets 4,207 38,500 Accrued expenses and other liabilities (4,207) 
 (1) Represents interest rate swaps with commercial banking clients, which are offset by derivatives with a third party. 

53 

As of December 31, 2021 Derivative Assets Derivative Liabilities Original Notional Amount Balance Sheet Location Fair Value Original Notional Amount Balance Sheet Location Fair Value (In thousands) Derivatives designated as hedging instruments: Interest rate swaps 50,000 Other assets 1,043 150,000 Accrued expenses and other liabilities (14,195) Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: Interest rate swaps (1) 
 38,500 Other assets 2,585 38,500 Accrued expenses and other liabilities (2,585) 
 (1) Represents interest rate swaps with commercial banking clients, which are offset by derivatives with a third party. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Liquidity Management 
 Liquidity is defined as the ability to generate sufficient cash flows to meet all present and future funding requirements at reasonable costs. Our primary source of liquidity is deposits. While our generally preferred funding strategy is to attract and retain low cost deposits, our ability to do so is affected by competitive interest rates and terms in the marketplace. Other sources of funding include discretionary use of purchased liabilities (e.g., FHLB term advances and other borrowings), cash flows from our investment securities portfolios, loan sales, loan repayments and earnings. Investment securities designated as available for sale may also be sold in response to short-term or long-term liquidity needs. 
 The Bank s liquidity position is monitored daily by management. The Asset Liability Committee, or ALCO, establishes guidelines to ensure maintenance of prudent levels of liquidity. ALCO reports to the Company s Board of Directors. 
 The Bank has a detailed liquidity funding policy and a contingency funding plan that provide for the prompt and comprehensive response to unexpected demands for liquidity. We employ a stress testing methodology to estimate needs for contingent funding that could result from unexpected outflows of funds in excess of business as usual cash flows. The Bank has established unsecured borrowing capacity with the Atlantic Community Bankers Bank (ACBB) (formerly Bankers Bank Northeast), Zion s Bank and Texas Capital Bank and also maintains additional collateralized borrowing capacity with the FRB and the FHLB in excess of levels used in the ordinary course of business. Our sources of liquidity include cash, unpledged investment securities, borrowings from the FRB, FHLB, lines of credit from ACBB, Zion's Bank and Texas Capital Bank, the brokered deposit market and national CD listing services. 
 Capital Resources 
 Shareholders equity totaled 238.5 million as of December 31, 2022, an increase of 36.5 million compared to December 31, 2021, primarily a result of (i) net income of 37.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and (ii) an 8.4 million favorable impact to accumulated other comprehensive income driven by fair value marks related to hedge positions involving interest rate swap s of 16.8 million, partially offset b y fair value marks on the Company's investment portfolio of 8.4 million. The Company's interest rate swaps are used to hedge interest rate risk. The increase in Shareholders equity was partially offset by dividends paid of 6.2 million and common stock repurchases of 5.5 million. As of December 31, 2022, the tangible common equity ratio and tangible book value per share were 7.26 and 31.39, respectively. 
 The Bank is subject to various regulatory capital requirements administered by the fed eral banking agencies. Failure to meet minimum capital requirements can initiate certain mandatory and possibly additional discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have a direct material effect on the Company s financial statements. At December 31, 2022, the Bank met all capital adequacy requirements to which it was subject and exceeded the regulatory minimum capital levels to be considered well-capitalized under the regulatory framework. At December 31, 2022, the Bank s ratio of total common equity 

54 

tier 1 capital to risk-weighted asse ts was 10.28 , total capital to risk-weighted assets was 11.07 , Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets was 10.28 and Tier 1 capital to average assets was 9.88 . 
 Under the current guidelines, banking organizations must have a minimum total risk-based capital ratio of 8.0 , a minimum Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 6.0 , a minimum common equity Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 4.5 , and a minimum leverage ratio of 4.0 in order to be "adequately capitalized." In addition to these requirements, banking organizations must maintain a capital conservation buffer consisting of common Tier 1 equity in an amount above the minimum risk-based capital requirements for adequately capitalized institutions equal to 2.5 of total risk-weighted assets, resulting in a requirement for the Company and the Bank to effectively maintain common equity Tier 1, Tier 1 and total capital ratios of 7.0 , 8.5 and 10.5 , respectively. The Company and the Bank must maintain the capital conservation buffer to avoid restrictions on the ability to pay dividends, pay discretionary bonuses, or to engage in share repurchases. 

Contractual Obligations 
 The following table summarizes our contractual obligations to make future payments as of December 31, 2022. Payments for borrowings do not include interest. Payments related to leases are based on actual payments specified in the underlying contracts. Payments Due by Period Total Less Than 1 Year 1 3 Years 4 5 Years After 5 Years (in thousands) Contractual Obligations: FHLB advances 90,000 90,000 Subordinated debt 70,000 70,000 Operating lease agreements 16,645 2,168 4,004 4,052 6,421 Time deposits with stated maturity dates 1,226,390 1,084,321 141,892 177 Total contractual obligations 1,403,035 1,176,489 145,896 4,229 76,421 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 In the normal course of business, we are a party to financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk to meet the financing needs of our clients. These financial instruments include commitments to extend credit and involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit and interest rate risk in excess of the amounts recognized in the financial statements. The contractual amounts of these instruments reflect the extent of involvement we have in particular classes of financial instruments. 
 We enter into contractual commitments to extend credit, normally with fixed expiration dates or termination clauses, at specified rates and for specific purposes. Substantially all of the Bank s commitments to extend credit are contingent upon clients maintaining specific credit standards at the time of loan funding. The Bank minimizes its exposure to loss under these commitments by subjecting them to credit approval and monitoring procedures. 
 Commitments to extend credit t otaled 561.0 million and 396.9 million, respectively at December 31, 2022 and 2021. The following table summarizes our commitments to e xtend credit as of the dates indicated. Since commitments associated with letters of credit and commitments to extend credit may expire unused, the amounts shown do not necessarily reflect the actual future cash funding requirements. In addition, borrowers may be required to meet certain performance requirements to continue to draw on these commitments. We manage our liquidity in light of the aggregate amounts of commitments to extend credit and outstanding standby letters of credit in effect from time to time to ensure that we will have adequate sources of liquidity to fund such commitments and honor drafts under such letters of credit. 

55 

As of December 31, 2022 Amount of Commitment Expiration per Period Total Less Than 1 Year 1 3 Years 4 5 Years After 5 Years (in thousands) Other Commitments: Loan commitments 376,512 262,758 29,433 79,046 5,275 Undisbursed construction loans 180,768 32,708 46,777 44,187 57,096 Unused home equity lines of credit 3,684 10 3,674 Total other commitments 560,964 295,476 76,210 123,233 66,045 
 
 As of December 31, 2021 
 Amount of Commitment Expiration per Period Total Less Than 1 Year 1 3 Years 4 5 Years After 5 Years (in thousands) Other Commitments: Loan commitments 266,915 191,066 36,348 22,036 17,465 Undisbursed construction loans 125,700 13,312 43,129 45,364 23,895 Unused home equity lines of credit 4,254 200 10 4,044 Total other commitments 396,869 204,578 79,487 67,400 45,404 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 See Note 1 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for details of recently issued accounting pronouncements and their expected impact on our financial statements. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Asset/Liability Management and Interest Rate Risk 
 We measure interest rate risk using simulation analysis to calculate earnings and equity at risk. These risk measures are quantified using simulation software from one of the leading firms in the field of asset/liability modeling. Key assumptions relate to the behavior of interest rates and spreads, prepayment speeds and the run-off of deposits. From such simulations, interest rate risk, or IRR, is quantified and appropriate strategies are formulated and implemented. We model IRR by using two primary risk measurement techniques: simulation of net interest income and simulation of economic value of equity. These two measurements are complementary and provide both short-term and long-term risk profiles for the Company. Because both baseline simulations assume that our balance sheet will remain static over the simulation horizon, the results do not reflect adjustments in strategy that ALCO could implement in response to rate shifts. The simulation analyses are updated quarterly. 
 
 We use a net interest income at risk simulation to measure the sensitivity of net interest income to changes in market rates. This simulation captures underlying product behaviors, such as asset and liability repricing dates, balloon dates, interest rate indices and spreads, rate caps and floors, as well as other behavioral attributes. The simulation of net interest income also requires a number of key assumptions such as: (i) prepayment projections for loans and securities that are projected under each interest rate scenario using internal and external mortgage analytics; (ii) new business loan rates that are based on recent new business origination experience; and (iii) deposit pricing assumptions for non-maturity deposits reflecting the Bank s history, management judgment and core deposit studies. Combined, these assumptions can be inherently uncertain, and as a result, actual results may differ from simulation forecasts due to the timing, magnitude and frequency of interest rate changes, future business conditions, as well as unanticipated changes in management strategies. 
 
 We use two sets of standard scenarios to measure net interest income at risk. For the Parallel Ramp Scenarios, rate changes are ramped over a twelve-month horizon based upon a parallel yield curve shift and then maintained at those levels over the remainder of the simulation horizon. Parallel Shock Scenarios assume instantaneous parallel movements in the yield curve compared to a flat yield curve scenario. Simulation analysis involves projecting a future balance sheet structure and interest income and expense under the various rate scenarios. Internal policy regarding internal rate risk simulations currently specifies that for instantaneous parallel shifts of the yield curve, estimated net interest income at risk for the subsequent one-year period 

56 

should not decline by more than: 6 for a 100 basis point shift; 12 for a 200 basis point shift; and 18 for a 300 basis point shift. Per Company policy, the Bank should not be outside these limits for twelve consecutive months unless the Bank's forecasted capital ratios are considered to be "well capitalized". As of December 31, 2021, the Bank has met all minimum regulatory capital requirements to be considered "well capitalized". 
 
 The following tables set forth the estimated percentage change in our net interest income at risk over one-year simulation periods beginning December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 Parallel Ramp Estimated Percent Change in Net Interest Income At December 31, Rate Changes (basis points) 2022 2021 (100) 2.20 (0.80) 200 (4.80) (2.20) 
 
 Parallel Shock Estimated Percent Change in Net Interest Income At December 31, Rate Changes (basis points) 2022 2021 (100) 2.20 (1.70) 100 (2.70) (1.00) 200 (6.00) (1.90) 300 (8.90) (2.40) 
 The net interest income at risk simulation results indicate that, as of December 31, 2022, we remain liability sensitive. The liability sensitivity is due to the fact that there are more liabilities than assets subject to repricing as market rates change. 
 We conduct an economic value of equity at risk simulation in tandem with net interest income simulations, to ascertain a longer-term view of our interest rate risk position by capturing longer-term re-pricing risk and options risk embedded in the balance sheet. It measures the sensitivity of economic value of equity to changes in interest rates. Economic value of equity at risk simulation values only the current balance sheet and does not incorporate the growth assumptions used in one of the income simulations. As with the net interest income simulation, this simulation captures product characteristics such as loan resets, repricing terms, maturity dates, rate caps and floors. Key assumptions include loan prepayment speeds, deposit pricing elasticity and non-maturity deposit attrition rates. These assumptions can have significant impacts on valuation results as the assumptions remain in effect for the entire life of each asset and liability. All key assumptions are subject to a periodic review. 
 Base case economic value of equity at risk is calculated by estimating the net present value of all future cash flows from existing assets and liabilities using current interest rates. The base case scenario assumes that future interest rates remain unchanged. 
 The following table sets forth the estimated percentage change in our economic value of equity at risk, assuming various shifts in interest rates: 
 
 Parallel Shock Estimated Percent Change in Economic Value of Equity At December 31, Rate Changes (basis points) 2022 2021 (100) 2.30 (21.40) 100 (3.90) 3.10 200 (9.30) 3.60 300 (14.00) 4.50 
 While ALCO reviews and updates simulation assumptions and also periodically back-tests the simulation results to ensure that the assumptions are reasonable and current, income simulation may not always prove to be an accurate indicator of interest 

57 

rate risk or future net interest margin. Over time, the repricing, maturity and prepayment characteristics of financial instruments and the composition of our balance sheet may change to a different degree than estimated. ALCO recognizes that deposit balances could shift into higher yielding alternatives as market rates change. ALCO has modeled increased costs of deposits in the rising rate simulation scenarios presented above. 
 It should be noted that the static balance sheet assumption does not necessarily reflect our expectation for future balance sheet growth, which is a function of the business environment and client behavior. Another significant simulation assumption is the sensitivity of core deposits to fluctuations in interest rates. Income simulation results assume that changes in both core savings deposit rates and balances are related to changes in short-term interest rates. Lastly, mortgage-backed securities and mortgage loans involve a level of risk that unforeseen changes in prepayment speeds may cause related cash flows to vary significantly in differing rate environments. Such changes could affect the level of reinvestment risk associated with cash flow from these instruments, as well as their market value. Changes in prepayment speeds could also increase or decrease the amortization of premium or accretion of discounts related to such instruments, thereby affecting interest income. 
 Impact of Inflation 
 Our financial statements and related data contained in this annual report have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, which require the measure of financial position and operating results in terms of historic dollars, without considering changes in the relative purchasing power of money over time due to inflation. 
 Inflation generally increases the costs of funds and operating overhead, and to the extent loans and other assets bear variable rates, the yields on such assets fluctuate accordingly. Unlike the assets and liabilities of most industrial companies, virtually all of the assets and liabilities of a financial institution are monetary in nature. As a result, interest rates generally have a more significant effect on the performance of a financial institution than the effects of general levels of inflation. In addition, inflation affects a financial institution s cost of goods and services purchased, the cost of salaries and benefits, occupancy expense and similar items. Inflation and related increases in interest rates generally decrease the market value of investments and loans held and may adversely affect liquidity, earnings and shareholders equity. 

58 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 The financial statements and supplementary data required by this item are presented in the order shown below: 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

59 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Bankwell Financial Group, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Bankwell Financial Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, shareholders equity and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements (collectively, the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Qualitative Factor Adjustments to the Allowance for Loan Losses 
 As described in Notes 1 and 5 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s allowance for loan losses totaled 22.4 million as of December 31, 2022, which consists of a general reserve of 21.5 million and a specific reserve of 0.9 million. Management estimates the allowance based on loan losses believed to be inherent in the Company s loan portfolio, segmented by product type and risk classification, at the balance sheet date. The Company s allowance for loan losses consists of a general reserve, which management develops based on historical loss ratios from its data and, where appropriate, its peers data adjusted for qualitative factors not reflected in the historical loss experience as well as a specific reserve based on management s identification of impaired loans. Management considers several qualitative factors, both internal and external to the Company, including valuation of underlying collateral; macro and local economic factors; nature and volume of loan portfolio; concentration of credit risk; net charge-off trends and non-accrual trends, and past due and classified loan trends when determining the general reserve. The adjustment for qualitative factors requires a significant amount of judgment by management and involves a high degree of estimation uncertainty. 
 
 We identified the qualitative factor component of the allowance for loan losses as a critical audit matter as auditing the underlying qualitative factors required significant auditor judgment as amounts determined by management rely on analysis that is highly subjective and includes significant estimation uncertainty. 

60 

Our audit procedures related to the qualitative factor component of the allowance for loan losses include the following, among others: 
 
 We obtained an understanding of the relevant controls related to management s qualitative factor adjustments to the allowance for loan losses and tested such controls for design and operating effectiveness including controls related to management s establishment, review and approval of the qualitative factors and the completeness and accuracy of data used in determining the qualitative factors . 
 
 We tested the completeness and accuracy of data used by management in determining qualitative factor adjustments by agreeing them to internal and external source data. 
 
 We assessed the reasonableness of management s qualitative factor adjustments by agreeing them to internal and external source data, evaluating the magnitude and directional consistency of such adjustments with prior periods and data points, and evaluating the consistency of such changes in accordance with the Company s loan policy. 
 
 We tested management s conclusions regarding the appropriateness of the qualitative factor adjustments and agreed the impact to the allowance for loan losses calculation. 

/s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2017. 

March 8, 2023 

61 

Bankwell Financial Group, Inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (In thousands, except share data) December 31, 2022 2021 ASSETS Cash and due from banks Federal funds sold Cash and cash equivalents Investment securities Marketable equity securities, at fair value Available for sale investment securities, at fair value Held to maturity investment securities, at amortized cost (fair values of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 
 Total investment securities Loans receivable (net of allowance for loan losses of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 
 Accrued interest receivable Federal Home Loan Bank stock, at cost Premises and equipment, net Bank-owned life insurance Goodwill Deferred income taxes, net Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Liabilities Deposits Noninterest bearing deposits Interest bearing deposits Total deposits Advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank Subordinated debentures (face value of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, less unamortized debt issuance costs of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 
 Accrued expenses and other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 12) Shareholders equity Common stock, par value; shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

62 

Bankwell Financial Group, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
 (In thousands, except share data) Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Interest and dividend income Interest and fees on loans Interest and dividends on securities Interest on cash and cash equivalents Total interest and dividend income Interest expense Interest expense on deposits Interest expense on borrowings Total interest expense Net interest income Provision (credit) provision for loan losses ) Net interest income after provision (credit) for loan losses Noninterest income Gains and fees from sales of loans Bank owned life insurance Service charges and fees Other ) Total noninterest income Noninterest expense Salaries and employee benefits Occupancy and equipment Data processing Professional services Director fees FDIC insurance Marketing Other Total noninterest expense Income before income tax expense Income tax expense Net income Earnings Per Common Share: Basic Diluted Weighted Average Common Shares Outstanding: Basic Diluted Dividends per common share 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

63 

Bankwell Financial Group, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 (In thousands) Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss): Unrealized (losses) gains on securities: Unrealized holding (losses) gains on available for sale securities ) ) Reclassification adjustment for gains realized in net income Net change in unrealized (losses) gains ) ) Income tax benefit (expense) Unrealized (losses) gains on securities, net of tax ) ) Unrealized gains (losses) on interest rate swaps: Unrealized gains (losses) on interest rate swaps Income tax (expense) benefit ) ) Unrealized gains (losses) on interest rate swaps, net of tax Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax Comprehensive income (loss) 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

64 

Bankwell Financial Group, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity 
 (In thousands, except share data) Number of Outstanding Shares Common Stock Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Balance at January 1, 2021 ) Net income Other comprehensive income, net of tax Cash dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Issuance of restricted stock Forfeitures of restricted stock ) Stock options exercised Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) Net income Other comprehensive income, net of tax Cash dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Issuance of restricted stock Forfeitures of restricted stock ) Stock options exercised Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

65 

Bankwell Financial Group, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (In thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Cash flows from operating activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Net amortization of premiums and discounts on investment securities Provision (credit) for loan losses ) (Credit) provision for deferred income taxes ) Change in fair value of marketable equity securities Depreciation and amortization Amortization of debt issuance costs Change in valuation allowance of right-of-use asset ) Increase in cash surrender value of bank-owned life insurance ) ) Gains and fees from sales of loans ) ) Stock-based compensation Net amortization of purchase accounting adjustments (Gain) loss on sale of premises and equipment ) Net change in: Deferred loan fees ) Accrued interest receivable ) ) Other assets Accrued expenses and other liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Proceeds from principal repayments on available for sale securities Proceeds from principal repayments on held to maturity securities Net proceeds from sales and calls of available for sale securities Purchases of available for sale securities ) ) Purchases of marketable equity securities ) ) Purchases of held to maturity securities ) ) Purchases of bank-owned life insurance ) Net increase in loans ) ) Loan principal sold from loans not originated for sale ) Proceeds from sales of loans not originated for sale Disposals of premises and equipment, net ) (Purchase) reduction of Federal Home Loan Bank stock ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

66 

Bankwell Financial Group, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - Continued 
 (In thousands) 
 Cash flows from financing activities Net change in time certificates of deposit ) Net change in other deposits ) Net change in FHLB advances ) Proceeds from exercise of options Issuance of subordinated debt Retirement of subordinated debt ) Dividends paid on common stock ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents: Beginning of year End of period Supplemental disclosures of cash flows information: Cash paid for: Interest Income taxes Noncash investing and financing activities Loans transferred to other real estate owned Premises and equipment transferred to held for sale Net change in unrealized losses or gains on available-for-sale securities ) ) Net change in unrealized losses or gains on interest rate swaps Establishment of right-of-use-asset and lease liability Transfer of Loans from held for-investment to held-for-sale 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

67 

Bankwell Financial Group, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 1. 
 mile radius around our branch network. In addition, the Bank pursues certain types of commercial lending opportunities outside our market, particularly where we have strong relationships. The Bank operates branches in New Canaan, Stamford, Fairfield, Westport, Darien, Norwalk, and Hamden, Connecticut. 
 reportable segment. All of the Company s activities are interrelated, and each activity is dependent and assessed based on how each of the activities of the Company supports the others. For example, lending is dependent upon the ability of the Company to fund itself with deposits and borrowings while managing the interest rate and credit risk. Accordingly, all significant operating decisions are based upon analysis of the Company as segment or unit. 

68 

. 

69 

70 

71 

. Gains and losses on dispositions are recognized upon realization. Maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred and improvements are capitalized. 

72 

thousand and thousand of liabilities for uncertain tax positions at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Where applicable, associated interest and penalties have also been recognized. We recognize accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of income tax expense. 

73 

74 

million to million to the allowance for loan losses and a corresponding net of tax adjustment to beginning retained earnings. The Company will also record a one-time cumulative effect, pre-tax adjustment in the range of million to million to the reserve for unfunded commitments (which is reflected in Accrued expenses and other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets) and a corresponding net of tax adjustment to beginning retained earnings. These impacts will be reflected in the Company's first quarter 2023 financial statements. The future impact of CECL on the Company s allowance for credit losses and provision expense subsequent to the initial adoption will depend on refinements to key assumptions including forecasting and qualitative factors, as well as changes in the loan portfolio and economic conditions. The Company measured its allowance under its current incurred loan loss model as of December 31, 2022. In addition, the Company also evaluated its Held to maturity investment securities and Available for sale investment securities upon the adoption of the standard on January 1, 2023. The Held to maturity investment securities are related to housing authority bonds in the towns of New Canaan and Stamford, CT. The Company determined these housing authority bonds have a remote risk of loss based on the historical performance of housing authority bonds and the strong credit ratings of both the towns of New Canaan and Stamford, CT. The Available for sale securities consist of government backed U.S. Treasuries, Mortgage-Backed Securities, and Corporate Securities. The U.S. Treasuries and Mortgage-Backed Securities are guaranteed by the U.S. Government and have a zero risk of loss. The Corporate Securities include highly rated investment grade credits with minimal default risk. As such, Management has concluded that no allowance for expected credit losses is required for the Held to maturity investment securities or the Available for sale investment securities upon adoption of the standard on January 1, 2023. 
 
 ASU No. 2017-04, Intangibles Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment. This ASU simplifies the test for goodwill impairment by eliminating Step 2 from the goodwill impairment test. In computing the implied fair value of goodwill under Step 2, an entity was required to perform procedures to determine the fair value at the impairment testing date of its assets and liabilities (including unrecognized assets and liabilities) following the procedure that would be required in determining the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination. Instead, under the amendments in this update, an entity should perform its annual, or interim, goodwill impairment test by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount. An entity should recognize an impairment charge for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit s fair value; however, the loss recognized should not exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. In addition, this ASU also eliminated the requirements for any reporting unit with a zero or negative carrying amount to perform a qualitative assessment and, if it fails that qualitative test, to perform Step 2 of the goodwill impairment test. Therefore, the same impairment assessment applies to all reporting units. An entity is required to disclose the amount of goodwill allocated to each reporting unit with a zero or negative carrying amount of net assets. An entity still has the option to perform the qualitative assessment for a reporting unit to determine if the quantitative impairment test is necessary. On October 16, 2019, the FASB voted in favor of a proposal to defer the effective date of this standard in the same manner it is deferring the effective date of ASC 326. The FASB issued ASU No. 2019-10, which officially 

75 

2. 
 shares authorized and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and shares authorized and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2021. The Company's stock is traded on the NASDAQ stock market under the ticker symbol BWFG. 
 Dividends 
 The Company s shareholders are entitled to dividends when and if declared by the Board of Directors, out of funds legally available. The ability of the Company to pay dividends depends, in part, on the ability of the Bank to pay dividends to the Company. In accordance with Connecticut statutes, regulatory approval is required to pay dividends in excess of the Bank s profits retained in the current year plus retained profits from the previous two years. The Bank is also prohibited from paying dividends that would reduce its capital ratios below minimum regulatory requirements. 

76 

shares of the Company's Common Stock. On October 27, 2021, the Company's Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of an additional shares under its existing share repurchase program. The Company intends to accomplish the share repurchases through open market transactions, though the Company could accomplish repurchases through other means, such as privately negotiated transactions. The timing, price and volume of repurchases will be based on market conditions, relevant securities laws and other factors. The share repurchase plan does not obligate the Company to acquire any particular amount of Common Stock, and it may be modified or suspended at any time at the Company's discretion. D uring the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company purchased shares of its Common Stock at a weighted average price of per share. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company purchased shares of its Common Stock at a weighted average price of per share. 

3. 
 Impairment Balance, end of the period 
 The Company tests for goodwill impairment annually as of June 30 th . impairment was required to be recorded on goodwill in 2022 or 2021. 
 December 31, 2021 Core deposit intangible 
 Amortization expense related to the core deposit intangible totaled million for the year ended December 31, 2021. There were amortization expenses related to core deposit intangibles for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

77 

4. 
 ) Due from five through ten years ) Due after ten years ) Total U.S. Government and agency obligations ) Corporate bonds Due from five through ten years ) Due after ten years ) Total Corporate bonds ) Total available for sale securities ) Held to maturity securities: State agency and municipal obligations Due after ten years ) Government-sponsored mortgage backed securities No contractual maturity Total held to maturity securities ) 

78 

) Due from five through ten years Due after ten years ) Total U.S. Government and agency obligations ) Corporate bonds Due from five through ten years ) Due after ten years Total corporate bonds ) Total available for sale securities ) Held to maturity securities: State agency and municipal obligations Due after ten years ) Government-sponsored mortgage backed securities No contractual maturity Total held to maturity securities ) 
 
 There we re sales of i nvestment securities during the years ended December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. 
 At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, none of the Company's securities were pledged as collateral with the Federal Home Loan Bank ("FHLB") or any other institution. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the actual duration of the Company's available for sale securities were significantly shorter than the notional maturities. 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company held marketable equity securities with a fair value of million and an amortized cost of million . At December 31, 2021, the Company held marketable equity securities with a fair value of million and an amortized cost of million. These securities represent an investment in mutual funds that have a primary objective to make investments for CRA purposes. 
 There w ere investment securities as of December 31, 2022, in which the fair value of the security was less than the amortized cost of the s ecurity. There were such investment securities as of December 31, 2021. 

79 

) ) ) Corporate bonds ) ) ) State agency and municipal obligations ) ) ) Total investment securities ) ) ) December 31, 2021 U.S. Government and agency obligations ) ) Corporate bonds ) ) State agency and municipal obligations ) ) Total investment securities ) ) 
 
 The U.S. Government and agency obligations owned are either direct obligations of the U.S. Government or guaranteed by the U.S. Government. Therefore, the contractual cash flows are guaranteed and as a result the unrealized losses in this portfolio are considered to be only temporarily impaired. 
 The Company continually monitors its corporate bond, state agency and municipal bond portfolios and at this time these portfolios have minimal default risk because corporate, state agency and municipal bonds are all rated investment grade or deemed to be of investment grade quality. 
 The Company has the intent and ability to retain its investment securities in an unrealized loss position at December 31, 2022 until the decline in value has recovered or the security has matured. 

80 

5. 
 Commercial Construction Commercial business (1) 
 Consumer Total loans Allowance for loan losses ) ) Deferred loan origination fees, net ) ) Loans receivable, net 
 thousand and million, respectively, of Paycheck Protection Program ("PPP") loans made under the CARES Act. 
 Lending activities consist of commercial real estate loans, commercial business loans and, to a lesser degree, a variety of consumer loans. Loans may also be granted for the construction of commercial properties. The majority of commercial mortgage loans are collateralized by first or second mortgages on real estate. 
 Risk management 
 The Company has established credit policies applicable to each type of lending activity in which it engages. The Company evaluates the creditworthiness of each client and extends credit of up to of the market value of the collateral, depending on the borrower's creditworthiness and the type of collateral. The borrower s ability to service the debt is monitored on an ongoing basis. Real estate is the primary form of collateral. Other important forms of collateral are business assets, time deposits and marketable securities. While collateral provides assurance as a secondary source of repayment, the Company ordinarily requires the primary source of repayment for commercial loans, to be based on the borrower s ability to generate continuing cash flows. In the fourth quarter of 2017 management made the strategic decision to no longer originate residential mortgage loans. Commencing with third quarter of 2019, the Company no longer offers home equity loans or lines of credit. The Company s policy for residential lending generally required that the amount of the loan may not exceed of the original appraised value of the property. In certain situations, the amount may have exceeded LTV either with private mortgage insurance being required for that portion of the residential loan in excess of of the appraised value of the property or where secondary financing is provided by a housing authority program second mortgage, a community s low/moderate income housing program, or a religious or civic organization. 
 Credit quality of loans and the allowance for loan losses 
 Management segregates the loan portfolio into defined segments, which are used to develop and document a systematic method for determining the Company's allowance for loan losses. The portfolio segments are segregated based on loan types and the underlying risk factors present in each loan type. Such risk factors are periodically reviewed by management and revised as deemed appropriate. 
 The Company s loan portfolio is segregated into the following portfolio segments: 
 Residential Real Estate: This portfolio segment consists of first mortgage loans secured by one-to-four family owner occupied residential properties for personal use located in the Company's market area. This segment also includes home equity loans and home equity lines of credit secured by owner occupied one-to-four family residential properties. Loans of this type were written at a combined maximum of of the appraised value of the property and the Company requires a first or second lien position on the property. These loans can be affected by economic conditions and the values of the underlying properties. 
 Commercial Real Estate: This portfolio segment includes loans secured by commercial real estate, multi-family dwellings, owner-occupied commercial real estate and investor-owned one-to-four family dwellings. Loans secured by commercial real estate generally have larger loan balances and more credit risk than owner occupied one-to-four family mortgage loans. 

81 

Charge-offs ) ) Recoveries (Credits) provisions ) Ending balance 
 Residential Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Construction Commercial Business Consumer Total (In thousands) For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 Beginning balance Charge-offs ) ) ) ) Recoveries (Credits) provisions ) ) ) ) Ending balance 

82 

Commercial real estate Construction Commercial business Subtotal Loans collectively evaluated for impairment: Residential real estate Commercial real estate Construction Commercial business Consumer Subtotal Total 
 
 Portfolio Allowance (In thousands) December 31, 2021 Loans individually evaluated for impairment: Residential real estate Commercial real estate Construction Commercial business Subtotal Loans collectively evaluated for impairment: Residential real estate Commercial real estate Construction Commercial business Consumer Subtotal Total 
 Credit quality indicators 
 To measure credit risk for the loan portfolios, the Company employs a credit risk rating system. This risk rating represents an assessed level of the loan s risk based on the character and creditworthiness of the borrower/guarantor, the capacity of the borrower to adequately service the debt, any credit enhancements or additional sources of repayment, and the quality, value and coverage of the collateral, if any. 
 The objectives of the Company s risk rating system are to provide the Board of Directors and senior management with an objective assessment of the overall quality of the loan portfolio, to promptly and accurately identify loans with well-defined 

83 

Special mention Substandard Doubtful Loss Total loans 
 Residential and Consumer Credit Quality Indicators December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Residential Real Estate Consumer Total Residential Real Estate Consumer Total (In thousands) Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful Loss Total loans 
 
 Loan portfolio aging analysis 
 When a loan is 15 days past due, the Company sends the borrower a late notice. The Company attempts to contact the borrower by phone if the delinquency is not corrected promptly after the notice has been sent. When the loan is 30 days past due, the Company mails the borrower a letter reminding the borrower of the delinquency, and attempts to contact the borrower personally to determine the reason for the delinquency and ensure the borrower understands the terms of the loan. If necessary, after the 90th day of delinquency, the Company may take other appropriate legal action. A summary report of all loans 30 days or more past due is provided to the Board of Directors of the Company periodically. Loans greater than 90 days past due are generally put on nonaccrual status. A nonaccrual loan is restored to accrual status when it is no longer delinquent and collectability of interest and principal is no longer in doubt. A loan is considered to be no longer delinquent when timely payments are made for a period of at least six months (one year for loans providing for quarterly or semi-annual payments) by the borrower in accordance with the contractual terms. Loans that are granted payment deferrals under the CARES Act are not 

84 

loans remained on active deferral under the CARES Act. 
 Commercial real estate Construction Commercial business Consumer Total loans 
 December 31, 2021 30 59 Days Past Due 60 89 Days Past Due 90 Days or Greater Past Due Total Past Due Current Total Loans (In thousands) Real estate loans: Residential real estate Commercial real estate Construction Commercial business Consumer Total loans 
 There were loans delinquent greater than 90 days and still accruing interest as of December 31, 2022. There were loans, totaling million, loans delinquent greater than 90 days and still accruing interest as of December 31, 2021. The delinquencies for these particular loans was a result of an administrative delay. 
 Loans on nonaccrual status 
 Commercial real estate Commercial business Construction Total 
 Interest income on loans that would have been recognized if loans on nonaccrual status had been current in accordance with their original terms for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 w as million and million, respectively. There w as and thousand interest income recognized on these loans for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were no commitments to lend additional funds to borrowers on nonaccrual status. Nonaccrual loans with no specific reserve totaled million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

85 

Commercial real estate Construction Commercial business Total impaired loans without a valuation allowance Impaired loans with a valuation allowance: Residential real estate Commercial real estate Commercial business Total impaired loans with a valuation allowance Total impaired loans 
 As of and for the Year Ended December 31, 2021 Carrying Amount Unpaid Principal Balance Associated Allowance Average Carrying Amount Interest Income Recognized (In thousands) Impaired loans without a valuation allowance: Residential real estate Commercial real estate Construction Commercial business Total impaired loans without a valuation allowance Impaired loans with a valuation allowance: Residential real estate Commercial real estate Commercial business Total impaired loans with a valuation allowance Total impaired loans 

86 

million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. 
 Residential real estate Commercial business Total 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were nonaccrual loans identified as TDRs totaling million and nonaccrual loans identified as TDRs totaling million, respectively. 
 There were loans modified in a troubled debt restructuring that re-defaulted during the year ended December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. 
 Maturity, rate and payment concession Payment concession Total 

87 

6. 
 Building Right-of-use asset Leasehold improvements Furniture and fixtures Equipment and software Automobiles Premises and equipment, gross Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Premises and equipment, net 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, depreciation and amortization expense related to premises and e quipment totaled million and million, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, depreciation and amortization expense includes amortization of the right-of-use-asset, totaling million and million, respectively. 

7. 
 branch offices under various operating lease agreements. The branch leases have maturities ranging from 2023 to 2031, some of which include options to extend the lease term. The Company is not r easonably certain to exercise these renewal options, and as a result, these optional periods are not included in determining the lease term. The weighted average remaining life of the lease term for these leases was years as of December 31, 2022. In addition, the Company s new headquarter building (included in premises and equipment) has a remaining lease life of years as of December 31, 2022. The lease commencement date was March 15, 2021 for the Company's new headquarter building. 
 
 The Company utilized a weighted average discount rate of in determining the lease liability for its branch locations and a discount rate of for its headquarter building. 
 
 The total fixed operating lease costs wer e million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The total variable operating lease costs were million for each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. The right-of-use-asset, included in premises and equipment, net was million as of December 31, 2022 and the corresponding lease liability, included in accrued expenses and other liabilities was million as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 

88 

Discount effect of cash flows ) Lease liability 

8. 
 Servicing assets, net of valuation allowance Derivative assets Collateral posted related to interest rate swaps Assets held for sale Other Total Other Assets 
 
 Deferred compensation 
 The Company has a non-qualified deferred compensation plan for the Board of Directors that allows for the deferral of fees earned related to services rendered for the Co mpany. The deferred compensation balance decreased million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily driven by participant distributions. 
 Loan servicing 
 The Bank sells loans in the secondary market and retains the right to service many of these loans. The Bank earns fees for the servicing provided. Loans serviced for others are not included in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The balance of loans serviced for others was million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The risks inherent in servicing assets relate primarily to changes in the timing of prepayments that result from shifts in interest rates. The significant assumptions used in the valuation at December 31, 2022 for servicing assets included a discount rate of and prepayment speed assumptions ranging from to . The significant assumptions used in the valuation at December 31, 2021 for servicing assets included a discount rate of and prepayment speed assumptions ranging from to . 
 The carrying value of loan servicing rights was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

89 

Servicing rights capitalized Servicing rights amortized ) ) Servicing rights disposed ) ) Change in valuation allowance ) Balance at end of year 
 Included in accrued expenses and other liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, are thousand and thousand for loan servicing liabilities related to loans serviced for others for which the Company does not receive a servicing fee. 
 Assets held for sale 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Bank did not have any assets held for sale. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the assets held for sale balance of million consists of a former Bank office building. The impairment charge is included in occupancy and equipment expense on the consolidated statements of income. The asset held for sale is included in other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. 

9. 
 Interest bearing accounts: NOW Money market Savings Time certificates of deposit Total interest bearing accounts Total deposits 
 
 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Total 
 The aggregate amount of individual certificate accounts, including brokered deposits with balances of 250,000 or more, were approximately million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

90 

million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. There were ce rtificates of deposits from national listing services at December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. Brokered money market accounts totaled million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Money market Savings Time certificates of deposit Total interest expense on deposits 

10. 
 2023 Total advances 
 (1) million of t he Company's FHLB borrowings are subject to longer term interest rate swap agreements and the weighted average rate reflects the " all-in" swap rate under these long term interest rate swap agreements. 
 million of the above mentioned FHLB advances as of December 31, 2022 were subject to interest rate swap transactions and million of the above mentioned FHLB advances as of December 31, 2021 were subject to interest rate swap transactions, see Note 18. 
 Interest expense on FHLB advances totaled million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 The Bank has additional borrowing capacity at the FHLB up to a certain percentage of the value of qualified collateral. In accordance with agreements with the FHLB, the qualified collateral must be free a nd clear of liens, pledges and encumbrances. At December 31, 2022, the Company had pledged eligible loans with a book value of million as collateral to support borrowing capacity at the FHLB of Boston. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has immediate availability to borrow an additional million b ased on qualified collateral. 
 At December 31, 2022, the Bank had a secured borrowing line with the FRB, a letter of credit with the FHLB, and unsecured lines of credit with Atlantic Community Bankers Bank, Zions Bank and Texas Capital Bank. 

91 

FHLB Atlantic Community Bankers Bank Zions Bank Texas Capital Bank Total 
 
 Federal Home Loan Bank Stock 
 As a member of the FHLB, the Bank is required to maintain investments in their capital stock. The B ank owned shares and shares at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. There is no ready market or quote d market values for the stock and as such is classified as restricted stock. The shares have a par value of and are carried on the consolidated balance sheets at cost, and evaluated for impairment, as the stock is only redeemable at par subject to the redemption practices of the FHLB. 
 The determination of whether the par value will ultimately be recovered is influenced by criteria such as the following: (a) the significance of the decline in net assets of the FHLB as compared to the capital stock amount and the length of time this situation has persisted; (b) commitments by the FHLB to make payments required by law or regulation and the level of such payments in relation to the operating performance; (c) the impact of legislative and regulatory changes on the client base of the FHLB; and (d) the liquidity position of the FHLB. 
 
 Management evaluated the stock and concluded that the stock was not impaired as of December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. 

11. 
 million in aggregate principal amount of fixed rate subordinated notes (the 2015 Notes to certain institutional investors. The 2015 Notes were non-callable for , had a stated maturity of August 15, 2025, and bore interest at a quarterly pay fixed rate of per annum to the maturity date. The 2015 Notes became callable, in part or in whole, beginning August 2020. On May 15, 2021, the Company repaid million of the 2015 Notes and on November 15, 2021, the Company repaid the remaining million of the 2015 Notes. 
 On October 14, 2021, the Company completed a private placement of a million fixed-to-floating rate subordinated note (the 2021 Note to an institutional accredited investor. The Company used the net proceeds to repay the 2015 Notes and for general corporate purposes. 
 The 2021 Note bears interest at a fixed rate of per year until October 14, 2026. Thereafter, the interest rate will reset quarterly at a variable rate equal to the then current three-month term SOFR plus basis points. The 2021 Note has a stated maturity of October 15, 2031 and is non-callable for . Beginning October 15, 2026, the Company may redeem the 2021 Note, in whole or in part, at its option. The 2021 Note is not redeemable at the option of the holder. The 2021 Note has been structured to qualify for the Company as Tier 2 capital under regulatory guidelines. 
 On August 19, 2022, the Company entered into a Subordinated Note Purchase Agreement with certain qualified institutional buyers, pursuant to which the Company issued and sold fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes due 2032 (the 2022 Notes in the aggregate principal amount of million. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the sale of the 2022 Notes for general corporate purposes. 
 The 2022 Notes bear interest at a fixed rate of per year, from and including August 19, 2022 to, but excluding, September 1, 2027. From and including September 1, 2027 to, but excluding the maturity date or early redemption date, the interest rate will reset quarterly at a variable rate equal to the then current three-month term SOFR plus basis points. The 2022 Notes have a stated maturity of September 1, 2032 and are non-callable for . The Company may redeem the 2022 Notes, in whole or in part, at its option, on the fifth anniversary of the issue date or on any interest payment date thereafter. Any redemption by the Company would be at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount of the 2022 Notes being redeemed, together with any accrued and unpaid interest on the 2022 Notes being redeemed to but excluding the 

92 

million and million, respectively. Debt issuance costs amortize over the expected life of the related debt. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 the amortization expense for debt issuance co sts were million and million, respe ctively, and were recognized as an increase to interest expense on borrowings within the consolidated statements of income. 
 The Company recognized million and million in interest expense related to its subordinated debt for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

12. 
 br anch offices under various operating lease agreements. The branch leases have maturities ranging from 2023 to 2031, some of which include options to extend the lease term. Reference Note 7 for further detail. 
 Legal Matters 
 The Company is involved in various legal proceedings which have arisen in the normal course of business. Management believes that resolution of these matters will not have a material effect on the Company s financial condition or results of operations. 
 Off-balance Sheet Instruments 
 In the normal course of business, the Company is a party to financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk to meet the financing needs of its clients. These financial instruments include commitments to extend credit and involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit and interest rate risk in excess of the amounts recognized in the financial statements. The contractual amounts of these instruments reflect the extent of involvement the Company has in particular classes of financial instruments. 
 The contractual amounts of commitments to extend credit represent the amounts of potential accounting loss should the contract be fully drawn upon, the clients default, and the value of any existing collateral becomes worthless. Management uses the same credit policies in making commitments and conditional obligations as it does for on-balance sheet instruments and evaluates each client s creditworthiness on a case-by-case basis. Management believes that they control the credit risk of these financial instruments through credit approvals, credit limits, monitoring procedures and the receipt of collateral as deemed necessary. 
 Undisbursed construction loans Unused home equity lines of credit 
 
 Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a client as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract or certain milestones in the case of construction loans or otherwise required collateral under borrowing base limits are met. Commitments to extend credit generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee by the borrower. Since these commitments could expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. The amount of collateral obtained, if deemed necessary by the Company upon extension of credit, is based on management s credit evaluation of the counter party. Collateral held varies, but may include residential and commercial property, deposits and securities. 

93 

thousand at December 31, 2022 and thousand at December 31, 2021. 
 million to Small Business Investment Companies ("SBIC"). One of these lending funds represents a related party business entity associated with one of the Company's Directors. Contributions to these funds represent an equity investment for the Company. 

13. 
 State Total current Deferred (credit) provision: Federal ) State ) Total deferred ) Total income tax expense 
 
 In October, 2015, the Company created Bankwell Loan Servicing Group, Inc., a Passive Investment Company PIC organized for state income tax purposes. The PIC is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank operating in accordance with Connecticut statutes. The PIC s activities are limited in scope to holding and managing loans that are collateralized by real estate. Income earned by a PIC is determined in accordance with the statutory requirements for a passive investment company and the dividends paid by the PIC to the Bank are not taxable income for Connecticut income tax purposes. As a result of the formation of the PIC, the Bank is currently not subject to Connecticut income taxes. State taxes are being recognized for income taxes on income earned in other states. 
 State tax expense Income exempt from tax ) ) Stock compensation ) Deferred director fees ) ) Other items, net ) ) Income tax expense 

94 

Net operating loss carryforwards Deferred fees Deferred director fees Start-up costs Unrealized loss on derivatives Unrealized loss on available for sale securities Lease liabilities Other Gross deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Deferred expenses Servicing rights Depreciation Unrealized gain on derivatives Unrealized gain on available for sale securities Right-of-use-assets Other Gross deferred tax liabilities Net deferred tax asset 
 A valuation allowance against deferred tax assets is required if, based on the weight of available evidence, it is more-likely-than-not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Management evaluated its remaining deferred tax assets and believes no valuation allowances were needed at December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had federal net operating loss carryove rs of million. The carryovers were transferred to the Company upon the merger with The Wilton Bank. The losses will expire after 20 32 and are subject to certain annual limitations which amount to thousand per annum. 
 Management regularly analyzes their tax positions and at December 31, 2022 management has established a reserve for uncertain tax positions in conjunction with the Company's out of state lending activity. The total reserve for uncertain tax positions totaled thousand as of December 31, 2022. The tax years 2019 and subsequent are subject to examination by federal and state taxing authorities. The statute of limitations has expired on the years before 2019. No examinations are currently in process. 
 Net additions (reductions) relating to potential liability with taxing authorities ) Balance, end of year 

95 

14. 
 years of age. Under the terms of the 401k Plan, participants can contribute up to a certain percentage of their compensation, subject to federal limitations. The Company matches eligible contributions and may make discretionary matching and/or profit sharing contributions. Participants are immediately vested in their contributions and become fully vested in the Company s contributions after completing of service. The Company expensed thousand and thousand related to the 401k Plan during the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

15. 
 Dividends to participating securities (1) 
 ) ) Undistributed earnings allocated to participating securities (1) 
 ) ) Net income for earnings per share calculation Weighted average shares outstanding, basic Effect of dilutive equity-based awards (2) 
 Weighted average shares outstanding, diluted Net earnings per common share: Basic earnings per common share Diluted earnings per common share 
 (1) Represents dividends paid and undistributed earnings allocated to unvested stock-based awards that contain non-forfeitable rights to dividends. 
 (2) Represents the effect of the assumed exercise of stock options and warrants and the vesting of restricted shares, as applicable, utilizing the treasury stock method. 

16. 
 equity award plans, which are collectively referred to as the Stock Plans. Any future issuances of equity awards will be made under the 2022 Bankwell Financial Group, Inc. Stock Plan, or the 2022 Plan, as amended from time-to-time. All equity awards made under the 2022 Plan and prior equity award plans are made by means of an award agreement, which contains the specific terms and conditions of the grant. To date, all equity awards have been in the form of stock options or restricted stock. At December 31, 2022, there were shares reserved for future issuance under the 2022 Plan. 
 Stock options : The Company accounts for stock options based on the fair value at the date of grant and records an expense over the vesting period of such awards on a straight line basis. 
 There were options granted during the years ended December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. 

96 

Exercised ) Options outstanding at end of period Options exercisable at end of period 
 Intrinsic value is the amount by which the fair value of the underlying stock exceeds the exercise price of an option on the exercise date. The total intrinsic value of stock options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was thousand and thousand, respectively. 
 The exercise price for the options exercisable at December 31, 2022 was per share. The weighted average remaining contractual life for these options was years at December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2022, as all awarded options have vested, all of the outstanding options are exercisable, and the aggregate intrinsic value of these options was thousand. 
 Restricted stock : Restricted stock provides grantees with rights to shares of common stock upon completion of a service period. Shares of unvested restricted stock are considered participating securities. Restricted stock awards generally vest over one to . 
 (1) 
 Granted (2) 
 Vested ) (3) 
 Forfeited ) Unvested at end of period 
 (1) Includes shares of performance based restricted stock. 
 (2) Includes shares of performance based restricted stock. 
 (3) Includ es s hares of performance based restricted stock. 
 
 The total fair value of restricted stock awards vested during the year ended December 31, 2022 was million . 
 The Company s restricted stock expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was million and million, respectively. At December 31, 2022, there w as million of unrecognized stock compensation expense for restricted stock, expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 Performance based restricted stock : The Company has shares of performance based restricted stock outstanding as of December 31, 2022 pursuant to the Company s Stock Plans. The awards vest over a service period, provided certain performance metrics are met. The share quantity that ultimately vests can range between and , which is dependent on the degree to which the performance metrics are met. The Company records an expense over the vesting period based on (a) the probability that the performance metric will be met and (b) the fair market value of the Company s stock at the date of the grant. 

17. 

97 

) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications, net of tax ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income, net of tax Net other comprehensive (loss) income ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 Net Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Available for Sale Securities Net Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Interest Rate Swaps Total (In thousands) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications, net of tax ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income, net of tax Net other comprehensive income loss) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) 
 ) Interest expense on borrowings Tax benefit Income tax expense Net of tax ) ) 

18. 
 int erest rate swaps, designated as hedging instruments, to add stability to interest expense and to manage its exposure to the variability of the future cash flows attributable to the contractually specified interest rates. The notional amount for each swap is million and in each case, the Company has entered into pay-fixed interest rate swaps to convert rolling days FHLB advances or brokered deposits. The Company terminated swaps with a total notional amount of million during the year ended December 31, 2022. The underlying debt associated with the terminated swaps was kept in place. The fair value of the terminated swaps totaled thousand as of December 31, 2022. The fair value of the terminated swaps will be reclassified from other comprehensive income to interest expense on a straight line basis over the original term of the hedging relationship. 

98 

interest rate swaps not designated as hedging instruments, to minimize interest rate risk exposure with loans to clients. 
 The Company accounts for all non-borrower related interest rate swaps as effective cash flow hedges. None of the interest rate swap agreements contain any credit risk related contingent features. A hedging instrument is expected at inception to be highly effective at offsetting changes in the hedged transactions attributable to the changes in the hedged risk. 
 Derivatives not designated as hedges are not speculative and result from a service the Company provides to certain loan clients. The Company executes interest rate swaps with commercial banking clients to facilitate their respective risk management strategies. Those interest rate swaps are simultaneously hedged by offsetting derivatives that the Company executes with a third party, such that the Company minimizes its net risk exposure resulting from such transactions. As the interest rate derivatives associated with this program do not meet the strict hedge accounting requirements, changes in the fair value of both the client derivatives and the offsetting derivatives are recognized directly in earnings. 
 Interest rate swaps with a positive fair value are recorded as other assets and interest rate swaps with a negative fair value are recorded as other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Other assets Accrued expenses and other liabilities Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: Interest rate swaps (1) 
 Other assets Accrued expenses and other liabilities ) 
 (1) Represents interest rate swaps with commercial banking clients, which are offset by derivatives with a third party. 
 
 Accrued interest receivable related to interest rate swaps as of December 31, 2022 totaled million and is excluded from the fair value presented in the table above. The fair value of interest rate swaps in a net asset position, including accrued interest, totaled million as of December 31, 2022. 

99 

Other assets Accrued expenses and other liabilities ) Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: Interest rate swaps (1) 
 Other assets Accrued expenses and other liabilities ) 
 (1) Represents interest rate swaps with commercial banking clients, which are offset by derivatives with a third party. 
 
 Accrued interest payable related to interest rate swaps as of December 31, 2021 totaled million and is excluded from the fair value presented in the table above. The fair value of interest rate swaps in a net liability position, including accrued interest, totaled million as of December 31, 2021. 
 The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives designated and that qualify as cash flow hedges is recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income and is subsequently reclassified into earnings in the period that the hedged forecasted transaction affects earnings. Amounts reported in accumulated other comprehensive income related to derivatives will be reclassified to interest expense as interest payments are made on the Company s variable-rate debt. The Company expects to rec lassify million t o interest income during the next 12 months. 
 The Company assesses the effectiveness of each hedging relationship by comparing the changes in cash flows of the derivative hedging instrument with the changes in cash flows of the designated hedged item or transaction. The Company does not offset derivative assets and derivative liabilities for financial statement presentation purposes. 
 Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income Income tax (expense) benefit on items recognized in accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) 
 The above unrealized gains and losses are reflective of market interest rates as of the respective balance sheet dates. Generally, a lower interest rate environment will result in a negative impact to comprehensive income whereas a higher interest rate environment will result in a positive impact to comprehensive income. 

100 

(1) Includes accrued interest receivabl e totaling thousand. 
 December 31, 2022 (In thousands) Gross Amounts Not Offset in the Consolidated Balance Sheets Gross Amounts of Recognized Liabilities(1) Gross Amounts Offset in the Statement of Financial Position Net Amounts of Liabilities presented in the Statement of Financial Position Financial Instruments Cash Collateral Posted Net Amount Derivative Liabilities 
 (1) Includes no accrued interest. 
 December 31, 2021 (In thousands) Gross Amounts Not Offset in the Consolidated Balance Sheets Gross Amounts of Recognized Assets(1) Gross Amounts Offset in the Statement of Financial Position Net Amounts of Assets presented in the Statement of Financial Position Financial Instruments Cash Collateral Received Net Amount Derivative Assets 
 (1) Includes accrued interest payable totaling thousand 
 
 December 31, 2021 (In thousands) Gross Amounts Not Offset in the Consolidated Balance Sheets Gross Amounts of Recognized Assets(1) Gross Amounts Offset in the Statement of Financial Position Net Amounts of Assets presented in the Statement of Financial Position Financial Instruments Cash Collateral Received Net Amount Derivative Liabilities 
 (1) Includes accrued interest payable totaling thousand. 

101 

19. 
 Federal funds sold Marketable equity securities Available for sale securities Held to maturity securities Loans receivable, net Accrued interest receivable FHLB stock Servicing asset, net of valuation allowance Derivative asset Assets held for sale Financial liabilities: Noninterest bearing deposits NOW and money market Savings Time deposits Accrued interest payable Advances from the FHLB Subordinated debentures Servicing liability Derivative liability ) ) ) 

102 

Federal funds sold Marketable equity securities Available for sale securities Held to maturity securities Loans receivable, net Accrued interest receivable FHLB stock Servicing asset, net of valuation allowance Derivative asset Assets held for sale Financial liabilities: Noninterest bearing deposits NOW and money market Savings Time deposits Accrued interest payable Advances from the FHLB Subordinated debentures Servicing liability Derivative liability 
 The following methods and assumptions were used by management in estimating the fair value of its financial instruments: 
 Cash and due from banks, federal funds sold, accrued interest receivable and accrued interest payable: The carrying amount is a reasonable estimate of fair value. 
 Marketable equity securities, available for sale securities and held to maturity securities: Fair values are based on quoted market prices or dealer quotes, if available. If a quoted market price is not available, fair value is estimated using quoted market prices for similar securities. The majority of the available for sale securities are considered to be Level 2 as other observable inputs are utilized, such as quoted prices for similar securities. Level 1 investment securities include investments in a U.S. treasury note and in marketable equity securities for which a quoted price is readily available in the market. Level 3 held to maturity securities represent private placement municipal housing authority bonds for which no quoted market price is available. The fair value for these securities is estimated using a discounted cash flow model, using discount rates ranging from to a s of December 31, 2022 and to as of December 31, 2021. These securities are CRA eligible investments. 
 FHLB stock: The carrying value of FHLB stock approximates fair value based on the most recent redemption provisions of the FHLB. 
 Loans receivable: For variable rate loans which reprice frequently and have no significant change in credit risk, fair values are based on carrying values. The fair value of fixed rate loans are estimated by discounting the future cash flows using the rates at which similar loans would be made to borrowers with similar credit ratings and for the same remaining maturities. The fair value methodology includes prepayment, default and loss severity assumptions applied by type of loan. The fair value estimate of the loans includes an expected credit loss. 
 Derivative asset (liability): The valuation of the Company s interest rate swaps is obtained from a third-party pricing service and is determined using a discounted cash flow analysis on the expected cash flows of each derivative. The pricing analysis is based on observable inputs for the contractual terms of the derivatives, including the period to maturity and interest rate curves. The Company also considers the creditworthiness of each counterparty for assets and the creditworthiness of the Company for liabilities. 

103 

20. 

104 

Available for sale investment securities: U.S. Government and agency obligations Corporate bonds Derivative asset Derivative liability ) December 31, 2021 Marketable equity securities Available for sale investment securities: U.S. Government and agency obligations Corporate bonds Derivative asset Derivative liability 
 Marketable equity securities and available for sale securities: The fair value of the Company s investment securities is estimated by using pricing models or quoted prices of securities with similar characteristics (i.e. matrix pricing) and is classified within Level 1 or Level 2 of the valuation hierarchy. The pricing is primarily sourced from third party pricing services, overseen by management. 
 Derivative assets and liabilities: The Company s derivative assets and liabilities consist of transactions as part of management s strategy to manage interest rate risk. The valuation of the Company s interest rate swaps is obtained from a third-party pricing service and is determined using a discounted cash flow analysis on the expected cash flows of each derivative. The pricing analysis is based on observable inputs for the contractual terms of the derivatives, including the period to maturity and interest rate curves. The Company also considers the creditworthiness of each counterparty for assets and the creditworthiness of the Company for liabilities. The Company has determined that the majority of the inputs used to value its interest rate derivatives fall within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 Financial instruments measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis 
 Certain assets and liabilities are measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis in accordance with GAAP. These include assets that are measured at the lower of cost or market that were recognized at fair value below cost at the end of the period as well as assets that are not measured at fair value on an ongoing basis but are subject to fair value adjustments in certain circumstances, such as when there is evidence of impairment. 
 Servicing asset, net Assets held for sale December 31, 2021 Impaired loans Servicing asset, net Assets held for sale 

105 

Appraisals Discount to appraised value - 
 Discounted cash flows Discount rate 
 Servicing asset, net Discounted cash flows Discount rate 
 (1) 
 Prepayment rate - 
 December 31, 2021 Impaired loans Appraisals Discount to appraised value 
 Discounted cash flows Discount rate 
 Servicing asset, net Discounted cash flows Discount rate (2) 
 Prepayment rate - 
 Assets held for sale Sale Income Approach Adjustment to valuation and cost to sell N/A 
 (1) Servicing liabilities tota ling thousand were valued u sing a discount rate of . 
 (2) Servicing liabilities totaling thousand were valued using a discount rate of . 
 
 Impaired loans : Loans are generally not recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. Periodically, the Company records nonrecurring adjustments to the carrying value of loans based on fair value measurements for partial charge-offs of the uncollectible portions of those loans. Nonrecurring adjustments also include certain impairment amounts for collateral-dependent loans calculated in accordance with ASC 310-10 when establishing the allowance for credit losses. Such amounts are generally based on the fair value of the underlying collateral supporting the loan. Collateral is typically valued using appraisals or other indications of value based on recent comparable sales of similar properties or other assumptions. Estimates of fair value based on collateral are generally based on assumptions not observable in the marketplace and therefore such valuations have been classified as Level 3. For those loans where the primary source of repayment is cash flow from operations, adjustments include impairment amounts calculated based on the perceived collectability of interest payments on the basis of a discounted cash flow analysis utilizing a discount rate equivalent to the original note rate. 
 Servicing assets and liabilities: When loans are sold, on a servicing retained basis, servicing rights are initially recorded at fair value. All classes of servicing assets are subsequently measured using the amortization method which requires servicing rights to be amortized. The fair value of servicing assets and liabilities are not measured on an ongoing basis but are subject to fair value adjustments when and if the assets or liabilities are deemed to be impaired. 
 Assets held for sale: Assets held for sale (excluding loans) consist of real estate properties that are expected to sell within a year. The assets are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell. The fair value represents the price that would be received to sell the asset (the exit price). 

106 

21. 
 , a minimum Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of , a minimum common equity Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of , and a minimum leverage ratio of in order to be "adequately capitalized." In addition to these requirements, banking organizations must maintain a capital conservation buffer consisting of common Tier 1 equity in an amount above the minimum risk-based capital requirements for adeq uately capitalized institutions equal to of total risk-weighted assets, resulting in a requirement for the Company and the Bank to effectively maintain common equity Tier 1, Tier 1 and total capital ratios of , and , respectively. The Company and the Bank must maintain the capital conservation buffer to avoid restrictions on the ability t o pay dividends, pay discretionary bonuses, or to engage in share repurchases. 
 Failure to meet minimum capital requirements can initiate certain mandatory and possibly additional discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have a direct material effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Bank and Company met all capital adequacy requirements to which they are subject. There are no conditions or events since then that management believes have changed this conclusion. 
 Total Capital to Risk-Weighted Assets Tier I Capital to Risk-Weighted Assets Tier I Capital to Average Assets Bankwell Financial Group, Inc. December 31, 2022 Common Equity Tier 1 Capital to Risk-Weighted Assets N/A N/A Total Capital to Risk-Weighted Assets N/A N/A Tier I Capital to Risk-Weighted Assets N/A N/A Tier I Capital to Average Assets N/A N/A 

107 

Total Capital to Risk-Weighted Assets Tier I Capital to Risk-Weighted Assets Tier I Capital to Average Assets Bankwell Financial Group, Inc. December 31, 2021 Common Equity Tier 1 Capital to Risk-Weighted Assets N/A N/A Total Capital to Risk-Weighted Assets N/A N/A Tier I Capital to Risk-Weighted Assets N/A N/A Tier I Capital to Average Assets N/A N/A 
 Regulatory restrictions on dividends 
 The ability of the Company to pay dividends depends, in part, on the ability of the Bank to pay dividends to the Company. In accordance with Connecticut statutes, regulatory approval is required to pay dividends in excess of the Bank s profits retained in the current year plus retained profits from the previous two years. The Bank is also prohibited from paying dividends that would reduce its capital ratios below minimum regulatory requirements. 
 Reserve requirements on cash 
 The Bank was not required to maintain a minimum reserve balance in the Federal Reserve Bank (FRB) at December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021 as the FRB has waived this requirement due to the COVID-19 pandemic. 

22. 
 equity ownership. Such loans are transacted at terms including interest rates, similar to those available to unrelated clients. Additional loans Repayments ) ) Balance, end of year 
 Related party deposits aggregated approximately million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company paid appro ximately thousand and thousand, respectively, to related parties for services provided to the Company. The payments were primarily for consulting and legal services. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Bank had a million invest ment in a SBIC that represents a related party business entity associated with one of the Company's Directors. Contributions to this fund represent an equity investment for the Company. 

108 

23. 
 Investment in subsidiary Deferred income taxes, net Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Subordinated debentures Accrued expenses and other liabilities Shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity 
 Dividend income from subsidiary Total income Expenses Income before equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiaries ) ) Equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiaries Net Income 

109 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: Equity in undistributed earnings ) ) Decrease (increase) decrease in other assets ) Increase in deferred income taxes, net ) ) (Decrease) increase in other liabilities ) Stock-based compensation Amortization of debt issuance costs Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash flows from investing activities Decrease in premises and equipment, net Net cash provided by investing activities Cash flows from financing activities Issuance of subordinated debt Retirement of subordinated debt ) Proceeds from exercise of options Dividends paid on common stock ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) Capital contribution to Bank ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents: Beginning of year End of year Supplemental disclosures of cash flows information: Cash paid for: Interest Income taxes 

24. 
 
 per share cash dividend, payable February 23, 2023 to shareholders of record on February 13, 2023. 
 Effective March 1, 2023, the Bank received final regulatory approval to proceed with the opening of a retail branch located at 300 Atlantic Street, Stamford, CT. This branch will replace the 612 Bedford Street, Stamford, CT location, which is scheduled to close in April 2023. 

110 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the Company has evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of Bankwell s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation, management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, concluded that Bankwell s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report. 
 Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Bankwell s management has issued a report on its assessment of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, senior management concluded that Bankwell maintained effective internal control over financial reporting. 
 There were no changes made in the Company's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. The report of the Company's management follows. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 The management of Bankwell Financial Group and its Subsidiaries is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended). The Company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 
 Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 Based on management s assessment, management concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that the controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies and procedures may deteriorate. 
 In accordance with the rules and regulations of the SEC, management s report on the design and effectiveness of Bankwell s system of internal control over financial reporting is not subject to attestation by Bankwell s independent registered public accounting firm. The SEC rules and regulations applicable to Bankwell only require a report by management. Accordingly, this annual report filed on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 does not include an opinion by Bankwell s independent registered public accounting firm regarding management s system of internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspection 
 
 Not Applicable. 

111 

PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 The Company responds to this item by incorporating herein by reference the material responsive to such item in the Company s definitive proxy statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "Commission") no later than April 30, 2023. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The Company responds to this item by incorporating herein by reference the material responsive to such item in the Company s definitive proxy statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, to be filed with the Commission no later than April 30, 2023. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The Company responds to this item by incorporating herein by reference the material responsive to such item in the Company s definitive proxy statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, to be filed with the Commission no later than April 30, 2023. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The Company responds to this item by incorporating herein by reference the material responsive to such item in the Company s definitive proxy statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, to be filed with the Commission no later than April 30, 2023. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 The Company responds to this item by incorporating herein by reference the material responsive to such item in the Company s definitive proxy statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, to be filed with the Commission no later than April 30, 2023. 

112 

PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 (A)(1) FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 The following consolidated financial statements of the Company are included in Item 8 of this report: 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets - As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Consolidated Statements of Income - For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) - For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity - For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (A)(2) FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 Certain schedules to the consolidated financial statements have been omitted if they were not required by Article 9 of Regulation S-X or if, under the related instructions, they were inapplicable, or the information was contained elsewhere herein. 
 (A)(3) EXHIBITS 
 The exhibits listed in the Exhibit Index in this Form 10-K are filed herewith or are incorporated herein by reference to other SEC filings. 

113 

Exhibit Index Number Description Exhibit 3.1 Certificate of Incorporation as amended to date (1) 
 Exhibit 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws (1) 
 Exhibit 4.1 Description of the Registrant's Common Stock (5) 
 Exhibit 10.1 Employment Agreement of Christopher R. Gruseke dated June 1 , 201 6 (3) 
 Exhibit 10.2 2002 Bank Management, Director and Founder Stock Option Plan (1) 
 Exhibit 10.3 2006 Bank of New Canaan Stock Option Plan (1) 
 Exhibit 10.4 2007 Bank of New Canaan Stock Option and Equity Award Plan (1) 
 Exhibit 10.5 2011 BNC Financial Group, Inc. Stock Option and Equity Award Plan (1) 
 Exhibit 10.6 2012 BNC Financial Group, Inc. Stock Plan (1) 
 Exhibit 10.7 Amendment to the 2012 BNC Financial Group, Inc. Stock Plan (1) 
 Exhibit 10.8 BNC Financial Group, Inc. and Affiliates Deferred Compensation Plan for Directors, January 23, 2008 (1) 
 Exhibit 10.9 Employment Agreement of Penko Ivanov (4) 
 Exhibit 10.10 Form of Director Indemnification Agreement (2) 
 Exhibit 10.11 Form of Executive Officer Indemnification Agreement (2) 
 Exhibit 10.12 Employment Agreement of Christine Chivily (4) 
 Exhibit 10.13 Agreement dated February 5, 2020 between Lawrence B. Seidman and Bankwell Financial Group, Inc. (5) 
 Exhibit 10.14 First Amendment to Agreement dated as of July 30, 2022, amending Agreement dated as of February 5, 2020 by and among Bankwell Financial Group, Inc. and Lawrence B. Seidman (7) 
 Exhibit 10.15 Employment Agreement of Matthew McNeill (6) 
 Exhibit 10.16 2018 Bankwell Financial Group, Inc. Long-Term Incentive Plan (6) 
 Exhibit 10.17 2022 Bankwell Financial Group, Inc. Stock Plan (7) 
 Exhibit 10.18 Empl oy ment Agreement of Courtney E. Sacchetti 
 Exhibit 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Registrant (1) 
 Exhibit 23.1 Consent of RSM US LLP 
 Exhibit 31.1 Certification of Christopher R. Gruseke Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) 
 Exhibit 31.2 Certification of Courtney Sacchetti pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) 
 Exhibit 32 Certification pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101 The following materials from Bankwell Financial Group, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, formatted in Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets; (ii) Consolidated Statements of Income; (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income; (iv) Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity; (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows; and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement 
 (1) Filed as part of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on April 4, 2014. 
 (2) Filed as part of the Registrant s Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on May 5, 2014. 
 (3) Filed as part of the Registrant s December 31, 2016 Form 10-K. 
 (4) Filed as part of the Registrant's June 30, 2018 Form 10-Q. 
 (5) Filed as part of the Registrant's December 31, 2019 Form 10-K 
 (6) Filed as part of the Registrant's December 31, 2020 Form 10-K 
 (7) Filed as an Exhibit to Registrant's June 30, 2022 Form 10-Q. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 

114 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 BANKWELL FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. By: /s/ Christopher R. Gruseke 
 
 Christopher R. Gruseke President and Chief Executive Officer 
 Dated: March 8, 2023 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Title Date /s/ Christopher R. Gruseke March 8, 2023 Christopher R. Gruseke President, Chief Executive Officer and a Director (principal executive officer) /s/ Courtney E. Sacchetti March 8, 2023 Courtney E. Sacchetti Executive Vice President Chief Financial Officer (principal financial and accounting officer) /s/ George P. Bauer March 8, 2023 George P. Bauer Director /s/ Gail Brathwaite March 8, 2023 Gail Brathwaite Director /s/ Richard Castiglioni March 8, 2023 Richard Castiglioni Director /s/ Eric J. Dale March 8, 2023 Eric J. Dale Director /s/ Darryl Demos March 8, 2023 Darryl Demos Director /s/ Blake S. Drexler March 8, 2023 Blake S. Drexler Director /s/ James M. Garnett March 8, 2023 James M. Garnett Director /s/ Todd Lampert March 8, 2023 Todd Lampert Director /s/ Victor S. Liss March 8, 2023 Victor S. Liss Director /s/ Carl M. Porto March 8, 2023 Carl M. Porto Director /s/ Lawrence B. Seidman March 8, 2023 Lawrence B. Seidman Director 

115 

<EX-10.18>
 2
 employmentagreement-cour.htm
 EX-10.18

employmentagreement-cour 

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT This Employment Agreement (the Agreement is made and entered into as of November___, 2022 effective January 1, 2023 by and among COURTNEY E. SACCHETTI (the Executive on the one side, and BANKWELL FINANCIAL GROUP, INC., a Connecticut bank holding company (the Company and its wholly-owned bank subsidiary, Bankwell Bank (the Bank on the other. Unless a distinction is appropriate, the term Company in this Agreement shall include the Bank. WHEREAS Company desires to employ the Executive on the terms and conditions set forth herein; and WHEREAS, the Executive desires to be employed by the Company on such terms and conditions. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants, promises and obligations set forth herein, the parties agree as follows: 1. Term. The Executive's employment shall be effective as of January 1, 2023 (the Effective Date and shall continue until December 31, 2023, unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 5 of this Agreement. The period during which the Executive is employed by the Company hereunder including any renewal term is hereinafter referred to as the Employment Term. The Company shall notify the Executive no later than October 1, 2023 if it wishes to extend the Employment Term for an additional one-year term and on an annual basis thereafter by providing such written notice no later than October 1 in that year. If the Company does not provide such written notice by October 1 in the applicable year, the Employment Term shall expire on December 31, 2023 or the then current December 31 termination date. If the Employment Term is extended as provided herein, the Employment Term shall expire on December 31, 2024 or the then current December 31 termination date, and all of the provisions of this Agreement shall remain in effect during the period of such extension unless otherwise agreed in writing. If the Employment Term is not extended by the Company for an additional one-year term following the initial term expiration date of December 31, 2023 or subsequent anniversary dates, the Executive's employment shall terminate as of the 31'' of December in the then current year, and the Company shall pay to Executive a severance payment as provided in Section 5.1(a) below. 2. Position and Duties. a. Position. The Executive will serve as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer of the Bank, having such power, authority and responsibility and performing such duties as are prescribed by or under the Bylaws of the Company and as are customarily associated with such position as reasonably determined by the Company's Chief Executive Officer. The Executive shall, if requested, also serve as a member of the board of directors of Bank affiliates or as an officer or director of any affiliate of the Company for no additional compensation. 

2 b. Reporting/Flexibility. The Executive shall report directly to the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. The Company's Chief Executive Officer may, during the Employment Term below, alter Executive's job, position and/or reporting responsibilities as he deems appropriate to the effective management of the Company. c. Effort and Exclusivity. The Executive shall devote substantially all of her business time and attention (other than during weekends, holidays, vacation periods, and periods of illness or leaves of absence) to the performance of the Executive's duties hereunder and will not engage in any other business, profession or occupation for compensation or otherwise which could conflict or interfere with the performance of such services either directly or indirectly without the prior written consent of the Chairperson of the Compensation Committee. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Executive will be permitted to: i. with the prior written consent of the Company's Chairperson of the Compensation Committee act or serve as a director, trustee, committee member or principal of any type of business, civic or charitable organization; and ii. with the prior written consent of the Company's Chairperson of the Compensation Committee purchase or own less than two percent (2 of the securities or ownership interests of any corporation, partnership or limited liability company; provided that, such ownership represents a passive investment and that the Executive is not a controlling person of, or a member of a group that controls, such corporation, partnership or limited liability company; provided further that, the activities described in clauses (a) and (b) do not materially interfere with the performance of the Executive's duties and responsibilities to the Company as provided hereunder. 3. Place of Performance. The principal place of the Executive's employment shall be the Company's executive office currently located in New Canaan, Connecticut; provided that, the Executive will be required to travel on Company business during the Employment Term as her responsibilities require. 4. Compensation. a. Base Salary. The Company shall pay the Executive an annual rate of base salary of 250,000 in periodic installments in accordance with the Company's customary payroll practices, but no less frequently than monthly. The Executive's annual base salary may be increased from time to time by the Compensation Committee, but may not be decreased without the Executive's written consent. The Executive's annual base salary, as in effect from time to time, is hereinafter referred to as Base Salary . b. Annual Incentive Plan or Program. The Executive shall be eligible to participate in the annual incentive compensation plan or program Annual Incentive 

3 available to other similarly situated executives of the Company, with customized targets and incentives as determined by the Company. The target cash incentive is thirty (30 percent of Base Salary. c. Long Term Incentive Plan. The Executive shall be eligible to participate in any long- term incentive compensation plan or program available to other similarly situated executives of the Company, with customized targets and awards. The long-term plan may be incorporated into or overlap with the Equity Awards program. d. Employee Benefits. During the Employment Term, the Executive shall be entitled to participate in all general employee benefit plans, practices and programs maintained by the Company, as in effect from time to time (collectively, Employee Benefit Plans ), on a basis which is no less favorable than is provided to other similarly situated executives of the Company, to the extent consistent with applicable law and the terms of the applicable Employee Benefit Plans. The Company reserves the right to amend or cancel any Employee Benefit Plan at any time in its sole discretion, subject to the terms of such Employee Benefit Plan and applicable law. e. Business Expenses. Upon submission of appropriate invoices or vouchers, the Company shall pay or reimburse the Executive for all reasonable expenses incurred by her in the performance of her duties under this Agreement in furthering the business, and in keeping with the policies, of the Company. f. Vacation. The Executive is entitled to paid time-off PTO as outlined in the Company's personnel policy. g. Clawback Provisions. Notwithstanding any other provisions in this Agreement to the contrary, any incentive-based compensation, or any other compensation, paid to the Executive pursuant to this Agreement or any other agreement or arrangement with the Company which is subject to recovery under any law, government regulation or stock exchange listing requirement, will be subject to such deductions and clawback as may be required to be made pursuant to such law, government regulation or stock exchange listing requirement (or any policy adopted by the Company pursuant to any such law, government regulation or stock exchange listing requirement). h. Required Regulatory Provisions. Notwithstanding anything herein contained to the contrary, any payments to the Executive by the Company, whether pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise, are subject to and conditioned upon their compliance with Section 18(k) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, 12 U.S.C. Section 1828(k), and the regulations promulgated thereunder in 12 C.F.R. Part 359. i. Standard Deductions. All payments made under this Agreement shall be subject to any and all applicable taxes and withholdings and to the Company's standard payroll practices. 

4 5. Termination of Employment. The Employment Term and the Executive's employment hereunder may be terminated by the Company at any time and for any reason. The Executive may resign her employment at any time subject to the terms hereof. Upon termination of the Executive's employment during the Employment Term, the Executive shall be entitled to the compensation and benefits described in this Section 5 and shall have no further rights to any compensation or any other benefits from the Company, the Bank or any of their affiliates. a. Non-Extension of the Term, Termination Without Cause or Resignation for Good Reason. i. The Executive's employment hereunder may be terminated upon the expiration of the Employment Term without extension by the Company in accordance with Section 1, or terminated by the Company at any time without Cause (as defined below) or by the Employee's resignation for Good Reason (as defined below). If the Executive's employment is so terminated, the Executive shall be entitled to receive: 1. Any unpaid Base Salary and Annual Incentive earned prior to the Termination Date (as defined in Section 5.7 below) in accordance with the Company's customary payroll procedures; 2. A payment equal to 1x (one times) the annual Base Salary; 3. A payment equal to the product of (i) the target annual Incentive that the Executive could have earned under any incentive compensation or incentive plan or program (the Target Incentive for the full calendar year in which the Date of Termination occurs and (ii) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days the Executive was employed by the Company during the year of termination and the denominator of which is the number of days in such year. This amount shall be paid no later than March 15th of the year following the year in which the Termination Date occurs; 4. If the Executive timely and properly elects continuation coverage under the Consolidated Omnibus Reconciliation Act of 1985 COBRA ), the Company shall reimburse the Executive for the difference between the monthly COBRA premium paid by the Executive for herself and her dependents and the monthly premium amount paid by similarly situated active executives. Such reimbursement shall be paid to the Executive on or before the fifteenth (15th) day of the month immediately following the month 

5 in which the Executive timely remits the premium payment. The Executive shall be eligible to receive such reimbursement until the earliest of: (i) the expiration of the twelve (12) month period beginning on the Termination Date (the Severance Period (ii) the date the Executive is no longer eligible to receive COBRA continuation coverage; and (iii) the date on which the Executive receives/becomes eligible to receive substantially similar coverage from another employer; 5. The treatment of any outstanding equity awards shall be determined in accordance with the terms of the relevant plan and the applicable award agreements; and 6. Reimbursement for unreimbursed business expenses properly incurred by the Executive, which shall be subject to and paid in accordance with the Company's expense reimbursement policy. Items 5.1(a)(i) through 5.1(a)(iv) are referred to herein collectively as the Accrued Amounts . b. Termination for Cause or Resignation Without Good Reason. i. The Executive's employment hereunder may be terminated during the Employment Term by the Company for Cause or by the Executive without Good Reason. 1. For purposes of this Agreement, Cause shall mean: 2. The Executive's conviction of any crime involving fraud, embezzlement, theft or dishonesty, moral turpitude or any similar issue that in the reasonable opinion of the Board of Directors of the Company would materially and negatively impact the reputation of the Company, the Bank or any of their affiliates or the Executive's ability to perform his duties hereunder; 3. Serious willful misconduct by the Executive, including a material violation of the Company's Code of Conduct or the Executive's material personal dishonesty in connection with the business or customers of the Company or the material breach of fiduciary duty to the Company, the Bank or their customers for personal profit; 

6 4. Any material breach by the Executive of this Agreement; 5. Any willful failure by the Executive to follow a reasonable and lawful directive of the Company as described in Sections 2.1 and 2.2 above, other than any failure resulting from the Executive's incapacity due to physical or mental injury or illness; 6. Any willful failure to keep Confidential Information of the Company, Bank or their affiliates confidential in violation of the terms of this Agreement; 7. The Executive's arrest for any crime involving fraud, embezzlement, theft or dishonesty that in the reasonable opinion of a majority of the full membership of the Board of Directors of the Company excluding the Executive which, as direct result of such arrest, has caused a material negative impact on the reputation of the Company or the Bank or prevents the Executive from substantially performing her duties hereunder; or 8. If the regulatory authorities of the Company or the Bank issue an order removing the Executive from her positions at the Company or the Bank, or if such regulatory authorities inform the Board of Directors that the continuation of the Executive in her officer positions at the Company or the Bank would constitute an unsafe and unsound banking practice. For purposes of this Agreement, no act or failure to act on the part of the Executive shall be considered willful unless it is done, or omitted to be done, by the Executive in bad faith or without reasonable belief that the Executive's action or omission was in the best interests of the Company and the Bank. Any act or failure to act based upon authority given pursuant to a resolution duly adopted by the Board of Directors of the Company or either of the Bank or based upon the written advice of counsel for the Company or the Bank shall be conclusively presumed to be done, or omitted to be done, by the Executive in good faith and in the best interests of the Company and the Bank. The Executive's termination of employment shall not be deemed to be for Cause unless and until there shall have been delivered to the Executive a copy of a resolution duly adopted by the affirmative vote of the majority of the Board of Directors of the Company called and held for such purpose (after reasonable notice is provided to the Executive and the Executive is given an opportunity, together with counsel, to be heard before the Board of Directors) finding that, in the good faith opinion of the Board of Directors, the Executive is guilty of any of the conduct described above, and specifying the particulars thereof in detail. To the extent that the Board of Directors wishes to terminate the Executive for Cause and the action or actions giving rise to Cause may be cured by the 

7 Executive, the Board of Directors will provide the Executive a thirty (30) day period within which he may cure such action or actions. In the event that the Executive is terminated for Cause based on Section 5.2(b)(i) or (vi) above and, after the case is fully adjudicated (including all appeals), the Executive is subsequently found innocent of these charges on the merits of the case by any court of competent jurisdiction or the appropriate administrative agency, then the Executive will be entitled to receive at that time the amounts payable due to a termination without Cause. Such amounts will be paid no later than the end of the calendar year in which the Executive is fully adjudicated to be innocent of the charges. ii. For purposes of this Agreement, Good Reason shall mean the occurrence of any of the following, in each case during the Employment Term without the Executive's written consent: 1. A reduction in the Executive's Base Salary; 2. A material reduction in the Executive's target annual incentive opportunity under any annual incentive compensation or incentive plan or program; 3. Any breach by the Company of any material provision of this Agreement; 4. The Company's failure to obtain an agreement from any successor to the Company to assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform if no succession had taken place, except where such assumption occurs by operation of law; 5. A material, adverse change in the Executive's title, authority, duties or responsibilities (other than a temporary change while the Executive is physically or mentally incapacitated or as required by applicable law); or iii. Relocation of Executive's principal place of business more than 50 miles from the Company's executive office currently located in New Canaan, Connecticut, without Executive's agreement. The Executive cannot terminate her employment for Good Reason unless she has provided written notice to the Company of the existence of the circumstances providing grounds for termination for Good Reason within thirty (30) days of Executive's knowledge of the initial existence of such grounds and the Company has had thirty (30) days from the date on which such notice is provided to cure such circumstances. If the Company remedies the condition within such thirty (30) day cure period, then no Good Reason shall be deemed to exist 

8 with respect to such condition. If the Company does not remedy the condition within such thirty (30) day cure period, then the Executive may deliver a notice of termination for Good Reason at any time within sixty (60) days following the expiration of such cure period. If the Executive does not terminate her employment for Good Reason within sixty (60) days following the expiration of the cure period, then the Executive will be deemed to have waived her right to terminate for Good Reason with respect to such grounds. a. Without Cause or for Good Reason. The Employment Term and the Executive's employment hereunder may be terminated by the Executive by resignation for Good Reason or by the Company without Cause. In the event of such termination (unless Section 5.5 below is applicable), the Executive shall be entitled to receive the amounts described in Section 5.l(a)(i)-(vi), subject to the Executive's compliance with Section 6, Section 7 and Section 8 of this Agreement. b. Death or Disability. i. The Executive's employment hereunder shall terminate automatically upon the Executive's death during the Employment Term, and the Company may terminate the Executive's employment on account of the Executive's Disability. ii. If the Executive's employment is terminated during the Employment Term on account of the Executive's death or Disability, the Executive (or the Executive's estate and/or beneficiaries, as the case may be) shall be entitled to receive the following: 1. the Accrued Amounts; and 2. the treatment of any outstanding equity awards shall be determined in accordance with the terms of applicable plan and the applicable award agreements. iii. For purposes of this Agreement, Disability shall mean that the Executive is entitled to receive long-term disability benefits under the Company's long-term disability plan, or if there is no such plan, the Executive's inability, due to physical or mental incapacity, after Company compliance with any federal or state leave rights or reasonable accommodation rules to substantially perform her duties and responsibilities under this Agreement for ninety (90) days out of any three hundred sixty-five (365) day period; provided however, in the event the Company temporarily replaces the Executive, or transfers the 

9 Executive's duties or responsibilities to another individual on account of the Executive's inability to perform such duties due to a mental or physical incapacity which is, or is reasonably expected to become, a Disability, then the Executive shall not be able to resign with Good Reason as a result thereof. Any question as to the existence of the Executive's Disability as to which the Executive and the Company cannot agree shall be determined in writing by a qualified independent physician mutually acceptable to the Executive and the Company. If the Executive and the Company cannot agree as to a qualified independent physician, each shall appoint such a physician and those two physicians shall select a third who shall make such determination in writing. The determination of Disability made in writing to the Company and the Executive shall be final and conclusive for all purposes of this Agreement. c. Change in Control Termination. i. Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, if the Executive's employment hereunder is terminated by the Executive for Good Reason or by the Company without Cause (other than on account of the Executive's death or Disability), in each case either concurrently with or within twenty-four (24) months following a Change in Control, the Executive shall be entitled to receive the Accrued Amounts and, subject to the Executive's compliance with Section 6, Section 7 and Section 8 of this Agreement for which the Company assigns significant value in agreeing to this Section 5.5, the Executive shall be entitled to receive the following: 1. a lump sum payment equal to two (2) times the sum of the Executive's Base Salary and Target Incentive for the year in which the Termination Date occurs, which shall be paid within thirty (30) business days following the expiration of the Release Execution Period; 2. a payment equal to the product of (i) the Target Incentive for the full calendar year in which the Date of Termination occurs and (ii) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days the Executive was employed by the Company during the year of termination and the denominator of which is the number of days in such year. This amount shall be paid no later than the later of the end of the Release Execution period or March 15th of the year following the year in which the Termination Date occurs; 3. If the Executive timely and properly elects continuation coverage under COBRA, the Company shall reimburse the 

10 Executive for the difference between the monthly COBRA premium paid by the Executive for herself and her dependents and the monthly premium amount paid by similarly situated active executives. Such reimbursement shall be paid to the Executive on the fifteenth (15th) day of the month immediately following the month in which the Executive timely remits the premium payment. The Executive shall be eligible to receive such reimbursement until the earliest of: (A) the two-year anniversary of the termination date; (B) the date the Executive is no longer eligible to receive COBRA continuation coverage; and (C) the date on which the Executive receives or becomes eligible to receive substantially similar coverage from another employer; and 4. The terms of any equity incentive plan or award agreements will determine to what extent, if any, such awards are accelerated for vesting and/or exercise periods. ii. For purposes of this Agreement, Change in Control shall mean the occurrence of any of the following: 1. one person (or more than one person acting as a group) acquires ownership of stock of the Company that, together with the stock held by such person or group, constitutes more than fifty percent (50 of the total fair market value or total voting power of the stock of the Company; provided that, a Change in Control shall not occur if any person (or more than one person acting as a group) owns more than fifty percent (50 of the total fair market value or total voting power of the Company's stock and acquires additional stock; or 2. a majority of the members of the Board of Directors of the surviving Company following the Change in Control were not Directors of the Company before the Change in Control. For purposes of this Agreement, the terms person and acting as a group shall have the meanings specified in the Internal Revenue Code and the regulations thereunder. In no event, however, shall a Change in Control be deemed to have occurred as a result of any acquisition of securities or assets of the Company, the Bank, or a subsidiary of either of them, by the Company, the Bank, or any subsidiary of either of them, or by any employee benefit plan maintained by any of them. The defined circumstances herein are intended to be read to be consistent with the provisions of Section 409A of the Code and the regulations thereunder. In no event shall the Executive be obligated to seek other employment or take any other action by way of mitigation of the amounts payable to the Executive under any of the 

11 provisions of this Agreement and except as provided with respect to COBRA reimbursements, any amounts payable pursuant to this Agreement shall not be reduced by compensation the Executive earns on account of employment with another employer. a. Notice of Termination. Any termination of the Executive's employment hereunder by the Company or by the Executive during the Employment Term (other than termination pursuant to Section 5.4(a) on account of the Executive's death) shall be communicated by a written notice of termination Notice of Termination to the other party hereto in accordance with Section 24. The Notice of Termination shall specify: i. The termination provision of this Agreement relied upon; ii. To the extent applicable, the facts and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination of the Executive's employment under the provision so indicated; and iii. The applicable Termination Date. b. Termination Date. The Executive's Termination Date shall be: i. If the Executive's employment hereunder terminates on account of the Executive's death, the date of the Executive's death; ii. If the Executive's employment hereunder is terminated on account of the Executive's Disability, the date that Executive satisfies the definition of Disability; iii. If the Company terminates the Executive's employment hereunder for Cause, the date the Notice of Termination is delivered to the Executive (subject to any applicable cure period herein); iv. If the Company terminates the Executive's employment hereunder without Cause, the date specified in the Notice of Termination, which shall be no less than thirty (30) days following the date on which the Notice of Termination is delivered; provided that, the Company shall have the option to provide the Executive with a lump sum payment equal to thirty (30) days Base Salary in lieu of such notice, which shall be paid in a lump sum on the Executive's Termination Date and for all purposes of this Agreement, the Executive's Termination Date shall be the date on which such Notice of Termination is delivered; v. If the Executive terminates her employment hereunder with or without Good Reason, the date specified in the Executive's Notice of Termination, which shall be no less than thirty (30) days 

12 following the date on which the Notice of Termination is delivered; provided that, the Company may waive all or any part of the thirty (30) day notice period for no consideration by giving written notice to the Executive and for all purposes of this Agreement, the Executive's Termination Date shall be the date determined by the Company; and vi. If the Executive's employment hereunder terminates because the Company provides notice of non-renewal pursuant to Section 1, the end of the Employment Term. Notwithstanding anything contained herein, the Termination Date shall not occur until the date on which the Executive incurs a separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A. a. Mitigation. In no event shall the Executive be obligated to seek other employment or take any other action by way of mitigation of the amounts payable to the Executive under any of the provisions of this Agreement and except as provided with respect to COBRA reimbursements, any amounts payable pursuant to this Section 5 shall not be reduced by compensation the Executive earns on account of employment with another employer. b. Resignation of All Other Positions. Upon termination of the Executive's employment hereunder for any reason, the Executive agrees to resign, effective on the Termination Date and shall be deemed to have resigned from all positions that the Executive holds as an officer or member of the Board of Directors (or a committee thereof) of the Company, the Bank or any of their affiliates. c. Section 280G. i. If any of the payments or benefits received or to be received by the Executive (including, without limitation, any payment or benefits received in connection with a Change in Control or the Executive's termination of employment, whether pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or any other plan, arrangement or agreement, or otherwise) (all such payments collectively referred to herein as the 280G Payments constitute parachute payments within the meaning of Section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code and will be subject to the excise tax imposed under Section 4999 of the Code (the Excise Tax ), the Executive shall receive the greatest of the following, whichever gives the Executive the highest net after-tax amount (after taking into account federal, state, local and social security taxes): 

13 1. the 280G Payments or 2. one dollar less than the amount of the Payments that would subject the Executive to the Excise Tax (the Safe Harbor Amount ). If a reduction in the 280G Payments is necessary so that the 280G Payments equal the Safe Harbor Amount and none of the 280G Payments constitute a deferral of compensation within the meaning of and subject to Section 409A Nonqualified Deferred Compensation ), then the reduction shall occur in the manner the Executive elects in writing prior to the date of payment. If any 280G Payments constitute Nonqualified Deferred Compensation or if the Executive fails to elect an order, then the 280G Payments to be reduced will be determined in a manner which has the least economic cost to the Executive and, to the extent the economic cost is equivalent, will be reduced in the inverse order of when payment would have been made to you, until the reduction is achieved. 1. All calculations and determinations under this Section 5.9 shall be made by an independent accounting firm or independent tax counsel appointed by the Company (the Tax Counsel whose determinations shall be conclusive and binding on the Company and the Executive for all purposes. For purposes of making the calculations and determinations required by this Section 5.9, the Tax Counsel may rely on reasonable, good faith assumptions and approximations concerning the application of Section 280G and Section 4999 of the Code. The Company and the Executive shall furnish the Tax Counsel with such information and documents as the Tax Counsel may reasonably request in order to make its determinations under this Section 5.9. The Company shall bear all costs the Tax Counsel may reasonably incur in connection with its services. 2. The Executive hereby agrees with the Company and any successor thereto to in good faith consider and take steps commonly used to minimize or eliminate any parachute payments within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code if requested to do so by the Company or any successor thereto; provided, however, that the foregoing language shall neither require the Executive to take or not take any specific action in furtherance thereof nor contravene, limit or remove any right or privilege provided to the Executive under this Agreement. 7. Cooperation. The parties agree that certain matters in which the Executive will be involved during the Employment Term may necessitate the Executive's reasonable cooperation post termination of employment. Accordingly, following the termination of the Executive's employment for any reason, to the extent reasonably requested by the Board and subject to the Executive's reasonable availability due to her commitment to a new employer or business, the 

14 Executive shall cooperate with the Company in connection with matters arising out of the Executive's service to the Company; provided that, the Company shall make reasonable efforts to minimize disruption of the Executive's other activities. The Company shall reimburse the Executive for reasonable expenses incurred in connection with such cooperation and, to the extent that the Executive is required to spend substantial time on such matters, the Company shall compensate the Executive at an hourly rate based on the Executive's Base Salary on the Termination Date. 8. Confidential Information. The Executive understands and acknowledges that during the Employment Term, he will have access to and learn about Confidential Information, as defined below. a. Confidential Information Defined. 1. Definition. For purposes of this Agreement, Confidential Information includes, but is not limited to, all information not generally known to the public, in spoken, printed, electronic or any other form or medium, relating directly or indirectly to the Company, the Bank or their affiliates, or of any other person or entity that has entrusted information to the Company in confidence. The Executive understands and agrees that Confidential Information includes information developed by her in the course of her employment by the Company as if the Company furnished the same Confidential Information to the Executive in the first instance. Confidential Information shall not include information that is generally available to and known by the public at the time of disclosure to the Executive or later; provided that, such disclosure is through no direct or indirect fault of the Executive or person(s) acting on the Executive's behalf. 2. Disclosure and Use Restrictions. The Executive agrees and covenants: (i) to treat all Confidential Information as strictly confidential; (ii) not to directly or indirectly disclose, publish, communicate or make available Confidential Information, or allow it to be disclosed, published, communicated or made available, in whole or part, to any entity or person whatsoever except as required in the performance of the Executive's authorized employment duties to the Company; and (iii) not to access or use any Confidential Information, and not to copy any documents, records, files, media or other resources containing any Confidential Information, or remove any such documents, records, files, media or other resources from the premises or control of the Company, except as required in the performance of the Executive's authorized employment duties to the 

15 Company and the Bank. Nothing herein shall be construed to prevent disclosure of Confidential Information as may be required by applicable law or regulation, or pursuant to the valid order of a court of competent jurisdiction or an authorized government agency, provided that the disclosure does not exceed the extent of disclosure required by such law, regulation or order. The Executive understands and acknowledges that hes obligations under this Agreement with regard to any particular Confidential Information shall commence immediately upon the Executive first having access to such Confidential Information (whether before or after he begins employment by the Company) and shall continue during and after her employment by the Company until such time as such Confidential Information has become public knowledge other than as a result of the Executive's breach of this Agreement or breach by those acting in concert with the Executive or on the Executive's behalf. Nothing herein shall prevent the Executive from disclosing Contract Information to her personal attorneys, accountants and other advisors, as necessary for the performance of their duties and on a confidential basis. Additionally, nothing herein shall prohibit the Executive from retaining, at any time, her personal correspondence and documents related to her own personal benefits, entitlements and obligations. 9. Restrictive Covenants. a. Acknowledgment. The Executive understands that the nature of the Executive's position may give her access to and knowledge of Confidential Information and places her in a position of trust and confidence with the Company. The Executive understands and acknowledges that the intellectual services he provides to the Company are unique, special or extraordinary. The Executive further understands and acknowledges that the Company's ability to reserve these services for the exclusive knowledge and use of the Company is of great competitive importance and commercial value to the Company, and that improper use or disclosure by the Executive is likely to result in unfair or unlawful competitive activity. b. Non-competition. Because of the Company's legitimate business interest as described herein and the good and valuable consideration offered to the Executive, during the Employment Term and for the term of six (6) months, beginning on the last day of the Executive's employment with the Company, for any reason or no reason and whether employment is terminated at the option of the Executive or the Company (provided that these restrictions shall NOT apply if Executive's termination occurs because Executive is terminated for CAUSE), the Executive agrees and covenants not to engage in Prohibited Activity within Fairfield or New Haven Counties or any other county in which the Company, the Bank or any of their affiliates maintains 

16 as of the Termination Date a branch, loan production office, or mortgage production office and from which the Company does a significant portion of its business. For the purposes of this Agreement, significant portion of its business shall mean ten percent (10 or more of the Company's total interest income for the most recent full twelve month period preceding termination is attributable to the office(s) in such county- (the Restricted Area ). Without otherwise limiting the foregoing, the Restricted Area shall not include New York County (Manhattan), New York. Notwithstanding the foregoing and for the avoidance of doubt, nothing herein shall prevent Executive from engaging in any activity with, or holding any financial interest in, a non-competitive affiliate or division of an entity engaged in a business that may engage in a Prohibited Activity, provided, that none of Executive's activities or financial interests in respect of such non-competitive affiliate or division would be a Prohibited Activity under this Agreement in respect of the entity engaged in a business that competes with Company. For purposes of this Section 8.2: 1. Prohibited Activity is activity in which the Executive, directly or indirectly, solely or jointly with any person or persons, as an employee, consultant, or advisor (whether or not engaged in business for profit), or as an individual proprietor, partner, shareholder, director, officer, joint venture, investor or lender, or in any other capacity: (i) becomes affiliated with any bank or commercial lender headquartered or with branches in the counties in which the Company has branches at the time of employment termination; or (ii) becomes affiliated with a different Community Banking Institution in the Restricted Area; 2. become affiliated shall mean, without limitation, engaging, participating, or being involved in any respect in the business of banking (other than as a depositor, borrower or other customer), or furnishing any aid, assistance or service of any kind to any person in connection with the business of the Company, the Bank and any of their affiliates, and shall include without limitation being employed by any Community Banking Institution which has a branch or other place of business in the Restricted Area; and 3. Community Banking Institution shall mean a bank with assets equal to or less than five billion dollars. Nothing herein shall prohibit the Executive from purchasing or owning less than five percent (5 of the securities or ownership interests of any corporation, partnership or limited liability company, provided that such ownership represents a passive investment and that the Executive is not a controlling person of, or a member of a group that controls, such corporation, partnership or limited liability company. 

17 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions of this Section 8.2 shall not apply in the event the Executive is employed by the Company for the entire Employment Term and the Company determines not to renew or extend this Agreement on substantially similar terms. This Section 8 does not, in any way, restrict or impede the Executive from exercising protected rights to the extent that such rights cannot be waived by agreement or from complying with any applicable law or regulation or a valid order of a court of competent jurisdiction or an authorized government agency, provided that such compliance does not exceed that required by the law, regulation or order. The Executive shall promptly provide written notice of any such order to the Board of Directors. a. Non-solicitation of Employees. The Executive agrees and covenants not to directly or indirectly solicit, hire, recruit, attempt to hire or recruit, or induce the termination of employment of any employee of the Company, the Bank or any of their Affiliates for the term of one (1) year, beginning on the last day of the Executive's employment with the Company, provided that a general, broad-based solicitation or advertisement not intentionally directed at such employees shall not be deemed to be a violation of this provision. b. Non-solicitation of Clients. The Executive understands and acknowledges that because of the Executive's experience with and relationship to the Company, he will have access to and learn about much or all of the clients, prospective clients and referral sources of the Company, the Bank and their affiliates. The Executive understands and acknowledges that loss of these client and referral relationships and/or goodwill will cause significant and irreparable harm. The Executive agrees and covenants, for a period of one (1) year, beginning on the last day of the Executive's employment with the Company, not to directly or indirectly (a) solicit (for services that are competitive with the Company, the Bank or its Affiliates) any actual or prospective client or client-referral source who had a direct or indirect business relationship with the Company, the Bank or any of their Affiliates during the period of time in which the Executive was employed by the Company, it being expressly agreed that soliciting a referral from a prospective client or client-referral source is included within this prohibition; or (b) encourage any such client or client-referral source to turn down, terminate or materially reduce a business relationship with the Company, the Bank or any of their affiliates. c. Non-disparagement. The Executive agrees and covenants that he will not at any time make, publish or communicate to any person or entity or in any public forum any defamatory or disparaging remarks, comments or statements concerning the Company, the Bank, any of their affiliates or their respective businesses, or any of their employees, officers, and existing and prospective clients, and the Company and the Bank will not, and shall cause their Board of Directors and their senior executives not to, at any time make, 

18 publish or communicate to any person or entity or in any public forum any defamatory or disparaging remarks, comments or statements concerning the Executive, provided, however, nothing herein shall prevent a party from (i) responding publicly to incorrect, disparaging or derogatory public statements to the extent reasonably necessary to correct or refute such public statement or (ii) making any truthful statements in response to legal or bank regulatory examination process, required governmental testimony or filings, or administrative or arbitral proceedings. d. Non-Interference Covenant. For a period of one (1) year, beginning on the last day of the Executive's employment with the Company, the Executive covenants and agrees that he will not, directly or indirectly and for whatever reason, whether for her own account or for the account of any other person, firm, corporation or other organization: 1. solicit, employ, or otherwise materially interfere with any of the contracts or relationships of the Company, the Bank or any of their affiliates with any employee, officer, director or any independent contractor who is employed by or associated with the Company, the Bank or any of their affiliates as of the Termination Date; or 2. actively solicit or cause to be solicited, or otherwise actively and materially interfere with, any of the contracts or relationships of the Company, the Bank or any of their affiliates with any independent contractor, customer, client or supplier of the Company, the Bank or any of their affiliates. a. Business Materials and Property Disclosure. All written materials, records, and documents made by the Executive or coming into her possession concerning the business or affairs of the Company, the Bank or any of their affiliates shall be the sole property of the Company. Upon termination of her employment with the Company, the Executive shall deliver the same to the Company and shall retain no copies, including but not limited to copies in paper, electronic, digital or any other format. The Executive shall also return to the Company all other property in her possession owned by the Company upon the termination of her employment. The Executive may retain the Executive's rolodex and similar address books provided that such items only include contact information. If a court or arbitration panel concludes that the time period of the restriction set forth in this Section 8 is not enforceable or that a specific geographical scope must be stated herein, then the parties agree that such court or arbitration panel may rewrite the time period of this restriction and/or prescribe a geographical restriction to the maximum enforceable time period and geographical area permitted by law. 

19 1. Acknowledgement. The Executive acknowledges and agrees that the services to be rendered by her m to the Company are of a special and unique character; that the Executive will obtain knowledge and skill relevant to the Company's industry, methods of doing business and marketing strategies by virtue of the Executive's employment; and that the restrictive covenants and other terms and conditions of this Agreement are reasonable and reasonably necessary to protect the legitimate business interest of the Company. The Executive further acknowledges that the amount of her compensation reflects, in part, her obligations and the Company's rights under Section 7 and Section 8 of this Agreement; that he has no expectation of any additional compensation, royalties or other payment of any kind not otherwise referenced herein in connection herewith; and that she will not be subject to undue hardship by reason of her full compliance with the terms and conditions of Section 7 and Section 8 of this Agreement or the Company's enforcement thereof. 2. Remedies. In the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Executive of Section 7 or Section 8 of this Agreement, the Executive hereby consents and agrees that the Company shall be entitled to seek, in addition to other available remedies, a temporary or permanent injunction or other equitable relief against such breach or threatened breach from any court of competent jurisdiction, without the necessity of showing any actual damages or that money damages would not afford an adequate remedy, and without the necessity of posting any bond or other security. The aforementioned equitable relief shall be in addition to, not in lieu of, legal remedies, monetary damages or other available forms of relief. 10. Arbitration. Any dispute whatsoever relating to the Executive's employment by the Company, or any other dispute arising out of this Agreement which cannot be resolved by any party upon thirty (30) days' written notice to the other party, shall be settled by binding arbitration at a mutually agreed location in Fairfield County, Connecticut in accordance with the then prevailing Employment Dispute Resolution Rules of the American Arbitration Association. The judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrators may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. It is the purpose of this Agreement, and the intent of the parties hereto, to make the submission to arbitration of any dispute or controversy arising out of this Agreement, as set forth hereinabove, binding upon all parties hereto. This Section 11 shall not in any way restrict the right of the Company to obtain injunctive relief from a court of competent jurisdiction. All arbitration costs and all other costs, including but not limited to reasonable attorneys' fees, incurred by the Executive in an arbitration proceeding shall be paid by the Company in the event the Executive materially or substantively prevails in such arbitration proceeding. All arbitration costs and all other costs, including but not limited to reasonable attorneys' fees, incurred by the Company in an arbitration proceeding shall be paid by the Executive in the event the Company materially or substantively prevails in such arbitration proceeding. As part of the judgment rendered by the arbitrators in an arbitration proceeding, the 

20 arbitrators shall determine which party (if any) has materially or substantively prevailed in such arbitration proceeding. 11. Governing Law: Jurisdiction and Venue. This Agreement, for all purposes, shall be construed in accordance with the laws of Connecticut without regard to conflicts of law principles. Any action or proceeding by either of the parties to enforce this Agreement that is not covered by the Arbitration provision of Section 11 above shall be brought only in a state or federal court located in the state of Connecticut, county of Fairfield. The parties hereby irrevocably submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of such courts and waive the defense of inconvenient forum to the maintenance of any such action or proceeding in such venue. 12. Source of Payments: No Duplication of Payments. All payments provided in this Agreement shall be timely paid in cash or check from the general funds of the Company or the Bank. Payments pursuant to this Agreement shall be allocated between the Company and the Bank in proportion to the approximate level of activity and the time expended on such activities by the Executive as determined by the Company and the Bank on a quarterly basis, unless the applicable provision of this Agreement specifies that the payment shall be made by either the Company or the Bank. In no event shall the Executive receive duplicate payments or benefits from the Company and the Bank. 13. Entire Agreement. Unless specifically provided herein, this Agreement contains all of the understandings and representations between the Executive and the Company pertaining to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous understandings, agreements, representations and warranties, both written and oral, with respect to such subject matter. The parties mutually agree that the Agreement can be specifically enforced in court and can be cited as evidence in legal proceedings alleging breach of the Agreement. 14. Modification and Waiver. No provision of this Agreement may be amended or modified unless such amendment or modification is agreed to in writing and signed by the Executive and by Chairperson of the Board of Directors of the Company. No waiver by either of the parties of any breach by the other party hereto of any condition or provision of this Agreement to be performed by the other party hereto shall be deemed a waiver of any similar or dissimilar provision or condition at the same or any prior or subsequent time, nor shall the failure of or delay by either of the parties in exercising any right, power or privilege hereunder operate as a waiver thereof to preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other such right, power or privilege. 15. Severability. Should any provision of this Agreement be held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be enforceable only if modified, or if any portion of this Agreement shall be held as unenforceable and thus stricken, such holding shall not affect the validity of the remainder of this Agreement, the balance of which shall continue to be binding upon the parties with any such modification to become a part hereof and treated as though originally set forth in this Agreement. The parties further agree that any such court is expressly authorized to modify any such unenforceable provision of this Agreement in lieu of severing such unenforceable provision 

21 from this Agreement in its entirety, whether by rewriting the offending provision, deleting any or all of the offending provision, adding additional language to this Agreement or by making such other modifications as it deems warranted to carry out the intent and agreement of the parties as embodied herein to the maximum extent permitted by law. The parties expressly agree that this Agreement as so modified by the court shall be binding upon and enforceable against each of them. In any event, should one or more of the provisions of this Agreement be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other provisions hereof, and if such provision or provisions are not modified as provided above, this Agreement shall be construed as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions had not been set forth herein. 16. Captions. Captions and headings of the sections and paragraphs of this Agreement are intended solely for convenience and no provision of this Agreement is to be construed by reference to the caption or heading of any section or paragraph. 17. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in separate counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 18. Tolling. Should the Executive violate any of the terms of the restrictive covenant obligations articulated herein, the obligation at issue will run from the first date on which the Executive ceases to be in violation of such obligation. 19. Section 409A. This Agreement is intended to comply with Section 409A or an exemption thereunder and shall be construed and administered in accordance with Section 409A. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, payments provided under this Agreement may only be made upon an event and in a manner that complies with Section 409A or an applicable exemption. Any payments under this Agreement that may be excluded from Section 409A either as separation pay due to an involuntary separation from service or as a short term deferral shall be excluded from Section 409A to the maximum extent possible. For purposes of Section 409A, each installment payment provided under this Agreement shall be treated as a separate payment. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, in the event any payment is to be made during a specified time period following the expiration of the Release Execution Period and the time period for such payment begins in one calendar year and ends in a second calendar year, then such amount shall be payable in the second calendar year. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company makes no representations that the payments and benefits provided under this Agreement comply with Section 409A and in no event shall the Company be liable for all or any portion of any taxes, penalties, interest or other expenses that may be incurred by the Executive on account of non-compliance with Section 409A. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if any payment or benefit provided to the Executive in connection with her termination of employment is determined to constitute nonqualified deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A and the Executive is determined to be a specified employee as defined in Section 409A(a)(2)(b)(i), then such payment or benefit shall not be paid until the first payroll date to occur following the 

22 six-month anniversary of the Termination Date (the Specified Employee Payment Date ), unless the payment otherwise satisfies the short-term deferral exemption or another exemption under Section 409A of the Code. The aggregate of any payments that would otherwise have been paid before the Specified Employee Payment Date shall be paid to the Executive in a lump sum on the Specified Employee Payment Date and thereafter, any remaining payments shall be paid without delay in accordance with their original schedule. 20. Successors and Assigns. This Agreement is personal to the Executive and shall not be assigned by the Executive. Any purported assignment by the Executive shall be null and void from the initial date of the purported assignment. The Company may assign this Agreement to any successor or assign (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business or assets of the Company. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of the Company and permitted successors and assigns. 21. Indemnification. a. In the event that the Executive is made a party or threatened to be made a party to any action, suit, or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (a Proceeding ), other than any Proceeding initiated by the Executive or the Company related to any contest or dispute between the Executive and the Company or any of its affiliates with respect to this Agreement or the Executive's employment hereunder, by reason of the fact that the Executive is or was a director or officer of the Company, or any affiliate of the Company, or is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, member, employee or agent of another corporation or a partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, the Executive shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Company to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law from and against any liabilities, costs, claims and expenses, including all costs and expenses incurred in defense of any Proceeding (including attorneys' fees). b. During the Employment Term and for a period of six (6) years thereafter, the Company or any successor to the Company shall purchase and maintain, at its own expense, directors' and officers' liability insurance providing coverage to the Executive on terms that are no less favorable than the coverage provided to other directors and senior officers of the Company. 22. Notice. Notices and all other communications provided for in this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be delivered personally or sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, or by overnight carrier to the parties at the addresses set forth below (or such other addresses as specified by the parties by like notice): If to the Company: Chairperson Compensation Committee Bankwell Financial Group, Inc. 258 Elm Street 

23 New Canaan, CT 06840 If to the Executive: Courtney Sacchetti 23. Representations of the Executive. The Executive represents and warrants to the Company that: a. The Executive's acceptance of employment with the Company and the performance of her duties hereunder will not conflict with or result in a violation of, a breach of, or a default under any contract, agreement or understanding to which he is a party or is otherwise bound. b. The Executive's acceptance of employment with the Company and the performance of her duties hereunder will not violate any non-solicitation, non- competition or other similar covenant or agreement of a prior employer. 24. Withholding. The Company shall have the right to withhold from any amount payable hereunder any Federal, state and local taxes in order for the Company to satisfy any withholding tax obligation it may have under any applicable law or regulation. 25. Survival. Upon the expiration or other termination of this Agreement, the respective rights and obligations of the parties hereto shall survive such expiration or other termination to the extent necessary to carry out the intentions of the parties under this Agreement. 26. Release. No severance payment (or similar payment triggered by termination of employment) shall be due to Executive unless and until her execution of a release of claims in favor of the Company, the Bank and their affiliates and their respective officers and directors in a commercially reasonable form provided by the Company (a Release and such Release becoming effective as provided therein Release Execution Period ). 27. Acknowledgment of Full Understanding. THE EXECUTIVE ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT HE HAS FULLY READ, UNDERSTANDS AND VOLUNTARILY ENTERS INTO THE AGREEMENT. THE EXECUTIVE ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT HE HAS HAD AN OPPORTUNITY TO ASK QUESTIONS AND CONSULT WITH AN ATTORNEY OF HER CHOICE BEFORE SIGNING THE AGREEMENT. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above. 

24 BANKWELL FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. By ______________________________________ Name: Christopher Gruseke Title: President and Chief Executive Officer BANKWELL BANK By _______________________________________ Name: Christopher Gruseke Title: President and Chief Executive Officer EXECUTIVE _____________________________ Name: Courtney E. Sacchetti 

</EX-10.18>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 exhibit231-202210k.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements (Nos. 333-197040, 333-199104 and 333-265266) on Form S-8 and (No. 333-205922) on Form S-3 of Bankwell Financial Group, Inc. of our report dated March 8, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements of Bankwell Financial Group, Inc., appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Bankwell Financial Group, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

s RSM US LLP 
 
 Hartford, Connecticut 
 March 8, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 exhibit311-202210k.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Christopher R. Gruseke, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Bankwell Financial Group, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have 
 
 (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 5. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 8, 2023 
 s Christopher R. Gruseke 
 Christopher R. Gruseke 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 exhibit312-202210k.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Courtney E. Sacchetti, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Bankwell Financial Group, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have 
 
 (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 5. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 8, 2023 
 s Courtney E. Sacchetti 
 Courtney E. Sacchetti 
 Executive Vice President and Chief 
 Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 6
 exhibit32-202210k.htm
 EX-32

Document 

Exhibit 32 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 The undersigned, Christopher R. Gruseke and Courtney E. Sacchetti hereby jointly certify as follows 
 They are the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, respectively, of Bankwell Financial Group, Inc. (the Company 
 To the best of their knowledge, the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report complies in all material respects with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 To the best of their knowledge, based upon a review of the Report, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s Christopher R. Gruseke Christopher R. Gruseke President and Chief Executive Officer March 8, 2023 s Courtney E. Sacchetti Courtney E. Sacchetti Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer March 8, 2023 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 bwfg-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 bwfg-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 bwfg-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 bwfg-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 bwfg-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

