<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230329_10-K_edgar_data_1695357_0001493152-23-009516.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12259893</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>797951</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3511707</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3562540</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1835603</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2256459</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-009516.hdr.sgml : 20230329
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230329170435
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-009516
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		115
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230329
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230329

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Provention Bio, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001695357
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38552
		FILM NUMBER:		23776048

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		55 BROAD STREET, 2ND FLOOR
		CITY:			RED BANK
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07701
		BUSINESS PHONE:		908-428-9136

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		55 BROAD STREET, 2ND FLOOR
		CITY:			RED BANK
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07701

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Provention Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170120

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-009516.txt : 20230329

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

FOR
THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED , 

OR 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

FOR
THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM __ TO __. 

Commission
file number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction 
 of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, , , 

 (Address
of registrant s principal executive offices) 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

The
 Global Select Market 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

 None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes . 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 . 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. . No . 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). . No . 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 
 Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of
those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in 12b-2 of the Act). Yes . 

The
aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant as of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the
Registrant s last completed second quarter, based upon the closing price of the common stock as reported by The Nasdaq Global Select
Market on such date was approximately million. 

On
March 20, 2023, there were 
 shares of the registrant s common stock, 0.0001 par
value, outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: 

PROVENTION
BIO, INC. 

 ANNUAL
REPORT ON FORM 10-K 

 TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND RISK FACTOR SUMMARY 
 2 

PART I 
 5 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 5 

Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 54 

Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 92 

Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 92 

Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 92 

Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 92 

PART II 
 93 

Item
 5. 
 Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 93 

Item
 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 94 

Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 94 

Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 106 

Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 107 

Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 107 

Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 107 

Item
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 108 

Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 108 

PART III 
 109 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 109 

Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 114 

Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 
 133 

Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 134 

Item
 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 136 

PART IV 
 137 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 137 

Item
 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 140 

Signatures 
 
 141 

Unless
the context otherwise indicates, references in this Form 10-K to Provention Bio, Inc. refers to Provention Bio, Inc., a
Delaware corporation, and Company, Provention, we, us and our refer
to Provention Bio, Inc. together with its consolidated subsidiaries. TZIELD is a trademark of Provention Bio, Inc. This Form 10-K also
contains trademarks of third parties. Each trademark of another company appearing in this Form 10-K is the property of its owner. 

1 

FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS AND RISK FACTOR SUMMARY 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. All statements, other
than statements of historical facts, contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including, among others, statements regarding the
commercial launch of TZIELD; the timing progress and potential success of our ongoing and planned clinical
trials; the impact of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic on our business; our ongoing and planned engagements with regulatory agencies relating to, and the expected timing of regulatory review of, or
decisions relating to, our product candidates; execution of our business plans; and our current expectations regarding the ability of
our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities to fund our projected operating requirements for at least the next 12 months, are
forward-looking statements. The words believe, may, potentially, estimate, continue, 
 anticipate, intend, could, would, project, plan, 
 expect and similar expressions that convey uncertainty of future events or outcomes are intended to identify forward-looking
statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. 

These
forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive
and rapidly changing environment and new risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for our management to predict all risks,
nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual
results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements we may make. In light of these risks, uncertainties
and assumptions, the forward-looking events and circumstances discussed herein may not occur and actual results could differ materially
and adversely from those anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements. 

Some
of the key factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations include the following risks related to our business: 

We may not be able to complete
 the transaction contemplated by the Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement dated March 12, 2023, by and
 among Provention, Sanofi S.A. Sanofi and Sanofi s indirect wholly owned acquisition subsidiary, Zest Acquisition
 Sub, Inc., within the time frame we anticipate, or at all, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial results
 and/or operations. 

The pendency of the proposed
 transaction with Sanofi may adversely affect our results of operations, financial results and/or business generally, including our
 ability to retain and hire key personnel and maintain our relationships with collaborators, customers, contract research organizations
 CROs ), contract manufacturing organizations CMOs ), other vendors and other business partners. 

While
 the proposed transaction with Sanofi is pending, we are subject to business uncertainties and contractual restrictions that could
 disrupt our business. 

We may have to pay a termination
 fee to Sanofi if certain circumstances occur, which could require us to use cash that would have otherwise been available for general
 corporate purposes. 

Shareholder litigation
 could prevent or delay the closing of the proposed transaction with Sanofi or otherwise negatively impact our business, operating
 results and/or financial condition. 

We have incurred, and will
 continue to incur, direct and indirect costs as a result of the proposed transaction with Sanofi. 

We
are a commercial stage biopharmaceutical company with a limited operating history, and we are dependent on the commercial success of
TZIELD. 

TZIELD may cause undesirable side effects that could limit its commercial potential. 

Our debt agreement with Hercules Capital Inc. contains milestones that must be achieved in order to draw down on
our debt facility and operating and financial covenants that restrict our business and financing activities. 

We
are completely dependent on third parties to manufacture TZIELD and our product candidates, with no, to limited, redundancies in our
supply chain. The commercialization of TZIELD and clinical trials of TZIELD and our product candidates could be halted, delayed or made
less profitable if those third parties fail to provide us with sufficient quantities of TZIELD or our other product candidates or fail
to do so at acceptable quality levels or prices. 

We
 are a small company that relies on third parties for execution of our business operations and plans, including CROs and CMOs
 for conducting our clinical trials, manufacturing and testing TZIELD and our other investigational and planned commercial drug
 products. If these parties fail to perform their contractual obligations or fail to comply with our requirements or the requirements
 of regulatory authorities, our business plans and operations may be negatively, and materially, impacted. 

2 

The
 ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has caused delays to our clinical trials and may continue to impact our clinical trials, regulatory interactions
 and decisions relating to our product candidates, and other business plans and timelines. In addition, the COVID-19 pandemic has
 caused substantial disruption in the financial markets and may adversely impact economies worldwide, both of which could result in
 adverse effects on our business, operations and ability to raise capital. 

Clinical
 drug development involves a risky, lengthy and expensive process with an uncertain outcome. Although prior pre-clinical and clinical
 studies, data and analysis may support our belief in the potential of our product candidates, the results of our ongoing clinical
 trials for them may not be positive or supportive of our beliefs. We may incur additional costs or experience delays in completing,
 or ultimately be unable to complete, the development and commercialization of TZIELD in additional indications or any of our other
 product candidates, which could negatively and materially impact our business. 

We
 have incurred substantial operating losses in each year since our inception and expect to continue to incur substantial losses for
 the foreseeable future and we may never become profitable or, if achieved, be able to sustain profitability. 

We
 need to raise additional funding to support our business plans and operations. If we are unable to raise capital when needed, we
 could be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate certain, or all of our product development programs or commercialization efforts. 

We
 have a limited number of product candidates and may not be able to acquire additional product candidates in the future. 

Although
 we have received a PRIority MEdicines PRIME designation from the European
 Medicines Agency EMA and the UK s Innovation Passport from the Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory
 Agency MHRA for TZIELD, and we may pursue such expedited pathways for TZIELD in other indications or for our product
 candidates, it may not actually lead to a faster development or regulatory review or approval process. 

We
 may not be able to obtain orphan drug marketing exclusivity for our product candidates. 

We
 may be unable to obtain or maintain governmental approvals to market TZIELD or our product candidates in the United States, European
 Union, United Kingdom or in other jurisdictions. 

3 

We
currently have hired a commercial organization to support the commercialization of TZIELD. If we are unable to establish and maintain
satisfactory sales and commercial support and marketing capabilities, we may not successfully commercialize TZIELD or any other product
candidates for which we obtain marketing approval, and the revenue that we generate from sales, if any, may be limited. 

We
 depend on rights to certain pharmaceutical compounds that are licensed to us, and any loss of our rights to them could prevent us
 from developing, commercializing or selling our products if approved. 

We
 are generally a virtual company and may be unable to adequately protect our information technology systems from cyber-attacks, which
 could result in the disclosure of confidential information, damage our reputation, and subject us to significant financial and legal
 exposure. 

We
 may be unable to protect our intellectual property rights or may infringe on the intellectual property rights of others. 

If
 product liability, securities law related, patent or other lawsuits are brought against us, we may incur substantial costs and
 liabilities and may be required to limit commercialization of TZIELD or our product candidates. See Part I, Item 3 Legal
 Proceedings for additional information. 

The
forward-looking statements included herein are made only as of the date hereof. You should not rely upon forward-looking statements as
predictions of future events. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we
cannot guarantee that the future results, levels of activity, performance or events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking
statements will be achieved or occur. Moreover, neither we nor any other person assumes responsibility for the accuracy and completeness
of the forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligations to update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason after
the date of this Form 10-K to conform these statements to actual results or to changes in our expectations. 

We
may from time to time provide estimates, projections and other information concerning our industry, the general business environment,
and the markets for certain diseases, including estimates regarding the potential size of those markets and the estimated incidence and
prevalence of certain medical conditions. Information that is based on estimates, forecasts, projections, market research or similar
methodologies is inherently subject to uncertainties, and actual events, circumstances or numbers, including actual disease prevalence
rates and market size, may differ materially from the information reflected in this Annual Report. Unless otherwise expressly stated,
we obtain industry, business information, market data, prevalence information and other data from reports, research surveys, studies
and similar data prepared by market research firms and other third parties, industry, medical and general publications, government data,
and similar sources, in some cases applying our own assumptions and analysis that may, in the future, prove not to have been accurate. 

4 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. Business 

Our
Company 

We
are a commercial-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to intercepting and preventing immune-mediated diseases. Since our inception,
we have devoted substantially all our efforts to business planning, research and development, commercialization activities, recruiting
management and technical staff, acquiring operating assets, partnering and raising capital. We do not have any positive cash flows from
operations, and we will need to raise additional capital to finance our operations. 

On November 17, 2022, the FDA approved TZIELD to delay the onset of Stage
3 Type 1 Diabetes T1D in adult and pediatric patients aged eight years and older with Stage 2 T1D. In December 2022 we
began shipping TZIELD to our distributors in the United States, which include a specialty distributor and two specialty pharmacies. The
full commercial launch of TZIELD began in mid-January 2023. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 405.6 million.
Since our inception in October 2016, we have financed our operations primarily through equity and debt financings. Through equity offerings,
we have raised aggregate net proceeds of approximately 468.8 million as of December 31, 2022, net of underwriting discounts, commissions
and other offering expenses. This includes completed underwritten public offerings in June 2020, which raised net proceeds of 103.3 million
and in January 2021, which when combined with the partial exercise by the underwriters to purchase additional shares in February 2021,
raised net proceeds of 102.3 million, as well as a private placement of common stock and warrants in July 2022 which raised net proceeds
of 57.2 million. As of December 31, 2022, we have also raised 57.3 million in net proceeds from the sale of shares of common stock under
our at-the-market ATM stock sale programs. In addition, we have received 23.7 million in net proceeds from a Loan
and Security Agreement with Hercules Capital, Inc. (the Hercules LSA ), which provides for up to 125.0 million of term loans in the aggregate. 

We
expect that over the next several years we will continue to incur losses from operations as we increase our expenditures in research
and development in connection with our regulatory submissions, clinical trials and other development activities, as well as costs to
support the commercialization of TZIELD. If adequate funds are not available to us on a timely basis, or at all, we may be required to
terminate or delay certain development activities and certain commercial efforts. 

Merger Agreement with
Sanofi 

On March
12, 2023, we entered into the Merger Agreement with Sanofi and its indirect wholly owned acquisition subsidiary. Pursuant to the Merger
Agreement, and upon the terms and subject to the conditions thereof, Sanofi s acquisition subsidiary will commence a tender offer
to purchase all of the issued and outstanding shares of our common stock at a price of 25.00 per share, to the seller in cash, without
interest, but subject to any applicable withholding of taxes. If certain conditions are satisfied and the tender offer closes, Sanofi
would acquire any remaining shares of our common stock by a merger of Sanofi s acquisition subsidiary with and into the Company. 

The Merger
Agreement contemplates that the merger will be effected pursuant to Section 251(h) of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which permits
completion of the merger without a shareholder vote promptly following consummation of the tender offer. The obligation of Sanofi and
its acquisition subsidiary to consummate the tender offer is subject to the condition that there be validly tendered, and not properly
withdrawn, prior to the expiration of the tender offer, that number of shares of our common stock that, together with the number of shares
of our common stock, if any, then owned beneficially by Sanofi and its acquisition subsidiary (together with their wholly-owned subsidiaries),
represents at least a majority of the shares of our common stock outstanding as of the consummation of the tender offer. The obligation
of Sanofi s acquisition subsidiary to consummate the tender offer is also subject to the expiration of the waiting period (and any
extension thereof) under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 and other customary conditions. Consummation of the
tender offer is not subject to a financing condition. 

Following
the consummation of the tender offer and subject to the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, Sanofi s acquisition
subsidiary will merge with and into the Company pursuant to the provisions of Section 251(h) of the Delaware General Corporation Law
as provided in the Merger Agreement, with the Company being the surviving corporation. At the effective time of the merger, each
share of our common stock (other than shares of common stock (i) held in our treasury or owned by us or any of our direct or
indirect wholly owned subsidiaries, (ii) owned by Sanofi, us or any of Sanofi s or our respective direct or indirect wholly
owned subsidiaries (other than Sanofi s acquisition subsidiary), (iii) irrevocably accepted for purchase in the tender offer,
and (iv) held by stockholders who have properly demanded appraisal of their shares of common stock in accordance with the Delaware
General Corporation Law) will be cancelled and converted into the right to receive an amount in cash equal to the same 25.00 per
share price payable in the tender offer, less applicable withholding of taxes. 

The Merger
Agreement includes customary representations, warranties and covenants. We have agreed to use commercially reasonable efforts to carry
on our business in the ordinary course until the effective time of the merger. We have also agreed not to solicit or initiate discussions
with third parties regarding other proposals for a strategic transaction involving the Company. Sanofi and its acquisition subsidiary
have agreed to use reasonable best efforts to take actions that may be required in order to obtain antitrust approval of the proposed
transaction, subject to certain limitations. The Merger Agreement also includes customary termination provisions for each of us and Sanofi,
subject, in certain circumstances, to the payment by us of a termination fee of 100.0 million and the payment by Sanofi of a reverse
termination fee of 158.0 million. 

Strategy 

Our
mission is to intercept and/or prevent autoimmune disease and, when possible, durably reset the immune system ahead of disease progression,
irreversible tissue damage, and organ failure. Our strategic priorities include: 

To
 advance commercialization efforts for TZIELD in our approved indication and continue to pursue
 clinical development of TZIELD in additional indications; 

To
 preferentially source, develop, and advance clinical-stage, or late preclinical-stage, therapeutic candidates targeting upstream
 mechanistic nodes in order to intercept and/or prevent immune-mediated diseases 

To
 leverage our immunology research and development capabilities to access different mechanistic approaches through in-licensed assets
 and/or partnerships 

To
 predict and preempt pathogenesis by identifying at-risk individuals and early-onset disease patients
 for whom early intervention may help prevent, ameliorate or delay the progression of chronic life-threatening and debilitating disease 

We
believe our interception and prevention conceptual platform, experience and expertise in translational medicine and immunology, and our
ability to design and execute rapid go/no-go clinical trials makes us unique in the field of autoimmune-mediated disease. 

We
continue building on our access to relevant in-licensing opportunities from industry-leading pharmaceutical companies; innovative, development-stage
biotechnology companies; and world-renowned academic centers. To date, we have obtained exclusive worldwide rights to two product candidates
from MacroGenics, Inc. MacroGenics ), the asset acquisition of TZIELD, and the in-license of PRV-3279, a Phase 2 candidate
for the potential treatment of systemic lupus erythematosus SLE ). We also in-licensed an enterovirus vaccine platform,
targeting the prevention of coxsackievirus B CVB infections and the potential onset of T1D and celiac disease that includes
PRV-101 from Vactech Ltd. Vactech ), a Finnish biotechnology company. Additionally, we in-licensed ordesekimab
(also known as AMG 714, and formerly HuMax-IL1), a Phase 2 clinical-stage candidate targeting celiac disease, from Amgen, Inc. Amgen ). 

5 

Our
Focus and Pipeline 

Our
goal is to pioneer substantial improvements in standards of care for autoimmune disease. Autoimmune disorders are a leading cause of
death and disability around the world. Over 24 million patients in the United States live with autoimmune disease, with prevalence increasing
significantly. There are over 100 types of autoimmune disorders which reduce patient quality-of-life, can result in complications such
as cardiovascular risk and organ failures, and increase the risk of overall mortality. 

Our
portfolio aims to address autoimmune disease through modulating key upstream and nodal mechanisms of immune dysregulation. Our lead asset,
TZIELD, is approved to delay the onset of Stage 3 T1D in adult and pediatric patients aged eight years and older with Stage 2 T1D. We
are also developing TZIELD for use in Stage 3 newly diagnosed T1D patients, for which we have an ongoing phase three clinical trial,
the PROTECT study. Further, we intend to pursue the development of our other pipeline product candidates in SLE, celiac disease, and other debilitating and life-threatening autoimmune diseases. 

While
the etiology of autoimmune diseases is often complex, poorly characterized or unknown, infections are believed to play a key role in
triggering disease. Inflammation is a natural consequence of most infections, as it is the immune system s first response to invading
pathogens in the event of injury or acute illness. Most of the time, this response is beneficial and well-controlled; helping to repair
tissue damage and clear pathogens from the body. But when patients have the requisite genetic predisposition for autoimmunity, infections
can also trigger chronic autoimmune responses that persist and progress long after the original insult has subsided. Our product portfolio
targets upstream autoimmune pathways and viral triggers with the goal of intercepting and preventing life-threatening and debilitating
immune-mediated diseases: 

TZIELD
 (teplizumab-mzwv): a CD3-directed antibody indicated to delay the onset of Stage 3 T1D in adults and pediatric patients aged 8 years
 and older with Stage 2 T1D. We obtained FDA approval for TZIELD in November 2022. We are also developing TZIELD for use in Stage
 3 newly diagnosed T1D patients; 

PRV-3279:
 a humanized bispecific scaffold molecule targeting the B-cell surface proteins, an inhibitory Fc receptor FcR ), known
 as FcgammaRIIb CD32B ), CD32B and CD79B, for the treatment of SLE and for the prevention of immunogenicity of
 biotherapeutics such as those used in gene therapy; 

ordesekimab: a human anti-interleukin 15 IL-15 monoclonal antibody mAb for the treatment of gluten-free diet non-responsive celiac disease NRCD ), intercepting the effects of contaminating
gluten in the most common autoimmune disorder without any approved medication; and 

PRV-101:
 a CVB vaccine to prevent acute CVB infections and, in those patients at-risk, to prevent the CVB-triggered autoimmune damage to pancreatic
 beta cells that may progress to T1D and damage to intestinal cells that may lead to celiac disease. 

6 

Recent
Company Developments 

TZIELD
(teplizumab-mzwv) 

FDA
Approval 

On
November 17, 2022, the FDA approved TZIELD to delay the onset of Stage 3 T1D in adult and pediatric patients aged eight years and older
with Stage 2 T1D. With this approval, TZIELD became the first disease-modifying therapy in T1D, a life-threatening autoimmune disease.
In December 2022 we began shipping TZIELD to our distributors in the United States, which include a specialty
distributor and two specialty pharmacies. The full commercial launch of TZIELD began in mid-January 2023. 

PRV-3279 

PREVAIL
Phase 2a Study 

On
January 20, 2022, we announced the initiation of the Phase 2a PREVAIL-2 study (PRV-3279 EVAluation In Lupus - Phase 2). PRV-3279 is an
investigational humanized bispecific DART molecule targeting the B-cell surface proteins CD32B and CD79B, which has the potential to
intercept the pathophysiology of SLE and other B cell-mediated autoimmune diseases, as well as to prevent the immunogenicity of biotherapeutic
products such as gene therapy. 

The
PREVAIL-2 study is a Phase 2a proof-of-concept POC study in moderate-to-severe SLE patients induced into response with
a short course of corticosteroids, and then monitored for relapse, after randomization to either PRV-3279 or placebo treatment. This
design enables the withdrawal of most concomitant medications and clear POC evaluation. The study will be conducted in the United States
and Hong Kong. Screening has commenced in the United States with the goal of identifying and enrolling approximately 100 patients to
6 monthly infusions of PRV-3279 or placebo, with primary efficacy readout at 24 weeks. PRV-3279 was well-tolerated in a prior single
ascending dose Phase 1 study and a multiple ascending dose Phase 1b study, PREVAIL-1, establishing proof of mechanism with long-lasting
inhibition of B cell function as shown by reduction in Immunoglobulin M IgM production 8 weeks post last dose of PRV-3279.
These results, together with observations that CD32B genetic variants are associated with SLE, and that PRV-3279 inhibits B cells isolated
from SLE patients, support evaluation in SLE. 

The
ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic have affected the PREVAIL-2 study enrollment, primarily due to resource constraints at the
clinical site level, subdued patient interest in participating in clinical trials of immune modulatory agents. In addition, there has been an increase in competition for enrollment in lupus trials. We now expect
top-line results of the PREVAIL-2 study in the second half of 2024. 

Impact
of COVID-19 on our Business 

We
are closely monitoring continued developments related to the COVID-19 pandemic and are making every effort to ensure we remain focused
on the health and well-being of our patients and our employees while maintaining business continuity. At this time, we are unable to
predict what the long-term impact of the pandemic, and the associated economic downturn, will have on our business, including planned
clinical trial readouts, regulatory interactions and submissions, manufacturing and supply chain, and success of our United States launch
of TZIELD. We have experienced some level of disruption to each of our current trials. We completed target enrollment in the PROTECT
study in August 2021 and expect to report top-line results in the second half of 2023, subject to change for any potential interruptions
related to COVID-19, regulatory decisions or issues or other interruptions. We initiated the ordesekimab Phase 2b trial in gluten free diet
NRCD in August 2020 and the pandemic has caused difficulties and delays in recruitment. As a result of these delays, we now expect to
report top-line results from the PROACTIVE study by the end of 2023. The ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic have affected the PREVAIL-2
study enrollment, primarily due to resource constraints at the clinical site level and subdued patient interest in participating in clinical
trials of immune modulatory agents. We now expect top-line results of the PREVAIL-2 study in the second half of 2024. 

7 

Our
Products and Product Candidates 

TZIELD
(teplizumab-mzwv) for T1D 

Our
lead asset, TZIELD, is a humanized mAb that binds with high specificity to a cell surface protein called CD3. The CD3 protein is a co-receptor
that helps activate T cells and direct different kinds of immune responses. Preclinical data suggests that binding of TZIELD to CD3 triggers
events that differentially inhibit the activation of self-reactive T cells without affecting regulatory T-cells Tregs ).
This restores the important state of immune tolerance and may prevent self-reactive T cells from attacking beta cells in the pancreas.
The FDA approved TZIELD to delay the onset of Stage 3 T1D in adult and pediatric patients aged eight years and older with Stage 2 T1D.
We are also developing TZIELD for use in Stage 3 newly diagnosed T1D patients. 

Regulatory
History and Key Developments 

At-Risk
Indication 

FDA
Approval and Commercial Launch 

On
November 17, 2022, the FDA approved TZIELD to delay the onset of Stage 3 T1D in adult and pediatric patients aged eight years and older
with Stage 2 T1D. With this approval, TZIELD became the first disease-modifying therapy in T1D, a life-threatening autoimmune disease. 

Approval
for TZIELD was based on results of the TN-10 Study, a pivotal randomized, double-blind, event driven, placebo controlled clinical trial
which evaluated TZIELD for the delay of T1D (Stage 3, or clinical T1D) in Stage 2 T1D patients, defined by the presence of two or more
T1D-related autoantibodies and dysglycemia. Seventy-six patients (TZIELD N=44, placebo N=32) were enrolled ages 8 to 49, with 72 under
the age of 18, and randomized to receive a single 14-day course of either TZIELD or placebo by IV infusion. The primary efficacy
endpoint in this study was the time from randomization to development of Stage 3 T1D diagnosis. In Study TN-10, Stage 3 T1D was diagnosed
in 20 (45 of the TZIELD-treated patients and in 23 (72 of the placebo-treated patients. A Cox proportional hazards model was used
to analyze the time to Stage 3 T1D diagnosis, stratified by age and oral glucose tolerance test status at randomization. The median time
from randomization to Stage 3 T1D diagnosis was 50 months in the TZIELD group and 25 months in the placebo group, for a difference of
25 months. With a median follow-up time of 51 months, therapy with TZIELD resulted in a statistically significant delay in the development
of Stage 3 T1D, hazard ratio 0.41 (95 CI: 0.22 to 0.78; p=0.0066). The most common adverse reactions (>10 that occurred during
treatment and through 28 days after the last study drug administration from the TN-10 study were lymphopenia (73 TZIELD, 6 Placebo),
rash (TZIELD 36 , Placebo 0 ), leukopenia (TZIELD 21 , Placebo 0 and headache (TZIELD 11 , Placebo 6 ). 

In
December 2022 we began shipping TZIELD to our distributors in the United States, which include a specialty distributor and two
specialty pharmacies. The full commercial launch of TZIELD began in mid-January 2023. We have entered into a co-promotion agreement
for the launch of TZIELD in the United States (the Sanofi Co-Promotion Agreement with Genzyme Corporation, a
fully-owned subsidiary of Sanofi. Pursuant to the agreement, Sanofi will commit commercial resources,
including diabetes field sales, key account directors, field-based reimbursement, thought leader liaisons and medical science
liaisons to expand the number of key healthcare professionals reached in the United States. See the section entitled
 Significant Contracts and Agreements Related to Research and Development Activities Co-Promotion Agreement in
this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We also have established a patient support program to help patients that are prescribed TZIELD
navigate coverage, reimbursement and access. 

Post marketing requirements and commitments were communicated to us in
the FDA approval letter for TZIELD. The post-marketing requirements include the following (i) conduct a 12-month single arm, open-label
study to assess safety and PK in pediatric patients (zero to eight years of age) with Stage 2 TID, followed by a 12-month open-label extension,
(ii) conduct an observational registry study over a period of at least 10 years to assess long-term safety in Stage 2 T1D patients, including
enrollment of at least 150 subjects exposed to TZIELD and (iii) complete the PROTECT and PROTECT Extension trials to provide comparative
safety data on the clinical product used versus the clinical product utilized in the TN-10 trial, and to collect an additional 42 months
of long-term safety data. The post-marketing commitments were all related to Chemistry, Manufacturing, and Controls CMC and include optimization and validation of analytical methods and standards used to test TZIELD and additional analytical characterization
of TZIELD. 

European
and UK Regulatory Interactions to Date 

In
October 2019, the EMA granted PRIME eligibility to teplizumab for the prevention or delay of clinical
T1D in individuals at-risk of developing the disease. The PRIME initiative is designed to expedite the development and review of promising
therapies that target an unmet need and show potential clinical benefit so the medicine can reach patients earlier. The designation offers
the opportunity for enhanced interaction and dialogue with the EMA to optimize development, as well as the potential for accelerated
assessment at the time of application for a marketing authorization. 

8 

In
April 2021, we received initial non-binding scientific advice in a letter from the MHRA on a potential regulatory and market access path
forward for teplizumab in the United Kingdom. The MHRA indicated its view that (i) there is an unmet medical need for a treatment that
delays or prevents progression to T1D in at-risk patients, (ii) a Marketing Authorization Application MAA may benefit
from additional supplementary information on patient preference, and (iii) reliance on one pivotal study to obtain a marketing authorization
ought to meet the criteria described in the EMA/CPMP points to consider on application with (a) meta-analyses and (b) one pivotal study
(CPMP/EWP/2330/99). 

An
Innovation Passport in the United Kingdom was granted on July 12, 2021 in recognition of the significant patient or public need of
teplizumab. Grant of the Innovation Passport paves the way for enhanced engagement with the MHRA and health technology agencies such
as the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence NICE in the Innovative Licensing and Access Pathway ILAP ). ILAP is a new pathway created in the United Kingdom to accelerate the time to market, thus facilitating
patient access to innovative medicines. We are targeting a potential filing of a MAA in the first half of 2024, assuming favorable
regulatory interactions. We plan to continue to evaluate the regulatory path forward in the United Kingdom and the European Union
based on our further engagement with the MHRA, EMA and other European stakeholders in 2023. 

PROTECT
Study for Newly Diagnosed Indication 

We
commenced a Phase 3 clinical trial (the PROTECT study) in approximately 300 pediatric and adolescent patients with newly diagnosed T1D.
The first patient was dosed in the second quarter of 2019 and we reached the target enrollment of 300 patients during the third quarter
of 2021. Given the challenges the COVID-19 pandemic has presented to clinical trials across the industry, we ultimately exceeded the
enrollment target by approximately ten percent to ensure there were a sufficient number of evaluable patients. We expect to report top
line data from the PROTECT Phase 3 study in the second half of 2023 and determine whether the results support filing a supplemental BLA
submission in late 2023 in a newly diagnosed indication for the treatment to preserve beta cell function in individuals with newly diagnosed
T1D. 

Market
Opportunity for TZIELD 

Patients
with T1D use daily insulin injections to manage blood sugar to within a normal range. However, it is estimated that fewer than one-third
of people with T1D in the United States achieve target blood glucose levels and insulin injections often cause hypoglycemia (low blood
sugar). While insulin injections or infusion allow a person with T1D to stay alive, they do not cure the disease, nor do they necessarily
reduce the risk of serious effects and long-term complications of T1D. 

While
pancreatic and islet cell transplantation offer the ability to normalize glucose levels and remove the dependence on insulin products,
there are significant risks, resulting in a modest number of such transplants being conducted every year. There is risk associated with
mandatory immunosuppression, which commonly results in the development of infections that may be life-threatening. Furthermore, pancreas
transplantation may be associated with technical complications (vascular thrombosis, pancreatitis, infection, fistulas) as well as acute
and chronic organ rejection. Islet cell transplantation can provide better glycemic control and protect patients from hypoglycemic episodes,
but only approximately 50 of patients are insulin-free after three years of follow-up. In a small, published study, Bellin 2012, the
addition of teplizumab to the conditioning regimen has improved those figures to approximately 70 insulin-free at 5 years, providing
a rationale for the continued study of teplizumab in this context. 

TZIELD is
the only disease-modifying therapy approved in T1D. 

Estimated
Prevalence of T1D 

According
to the International Diabetes Federation, 8.8 of the adult population worldwide has diabetes, among whom 10-15 have T1D. According
to the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation JDRF ), it is estimated that over 1.8 million people in the United States
have T1D and approximately five million are expected to have T1D by 2050, including nearly 600,000 under 15 years of age. The annual
economic burden of T1D has been estimated by JDRF to be greater than 30.0 billion in the United States and greater than 90.0
billion globally. 

Moreover,
the incidence of T1D is increasing worldwide. In the period between 2005 and 2020, epidemiologists predict a 70 increase in the incidence
of T1D in children in Europe, with the age of onset decreasing and the number of cases in children younger than five years old doubling. 

Estimated
Patient Prevalence of At-Risk Indications (all ages) 

Based
on our analysis of literature, we believe the following represent the approximate estimated prevalence of At-Risk individuals. Familial
direct relatives have 10x greater incidence of T1D autoimmunity than the general population: 

Market 
 
 Stage
 1 / Stage 2 
 > 2
 Autoantibodies 
 
 Stage
 2 
 > 2
 Autoantibodies 
 and
 Dysglycemia 
 
 Stage
 2 Familial Direct Relatives 
 of
 T1D Patients who exhibit 
 > 2
 Autoantibodies and Dysglycemia 
 
 United
 States 
 
 300,000 
 
 200,000 
 
 30,000 
 
 European
 Union 
 
 180,000-300,000 
 
 120,000-200,000 
 
 18,000-30,000 

Our
commercial launch of TZIELD will initially focus on familial direct relatives of T1D patients with two or more autoantibodies and dysglycemia,
and then expand to the general populations identified as Stage 2 T1D through potentially increased universal pediatric screening in the
United States. 

9 

Since we began building our commercial infrastructure in 2020, we have
enhanced our commercial capabilities and launch readiness in anticipation of FDA approval of TZIELD. To date, we have conducted primary
market research and co-creation sessions with more than multiple stakeholder audiences, including pediatric endocrinologists, adult endocrinologists,
certified diabetes educators, T1D patients, caregivers, at-risk individuals, T1D relatives, payers, advocacy groups, among others. These
insights have been critical in the development of our go-to-market strategy. 

Our
commercial priorities going forward are as follows: 

Near-Term
Focus 

Commercialization
 in the United States for the at-risk indication 

T1D
 disease and risk factor education 

Health
 care professional HCP and key opinion leader KOL engagement 

Patient
 advocacy group engagement 

Increasing
 awareness of screening of familial direct relatives of known T1D patients 

Mid-Term
Focus 

Inform
 and support execution of our regulatory strategy and engagement with the MHRA in the United Kingdom and EMA in the European Union
 on potential approval pathways for TZIELD 

Commercial
 planning / partnership in European Union 

Planning
 for potential BLA supplement submission for newly diagnosed indication 

Increasing awareness of screening of non-familial relatives with risk factors
for T1D 

Long-Term
Focus 

Market
 expansion with broader general population screening 

Market expansion with label expansion (e.g., re-dosing, 

 Estimated
Patient Incidence of Newly Diagnosed Indications (all ages) 

It
is estimated that approximately 64,000 new cases of clinical T1D in the United States are diagnosed each year, approximately 26 of which
are in patients aged eight through 17 years (i.e., the target population of our PROTECT study in Stage 3/newly diagnosed T1D; the Prot g 
study included subjects aged eight through 35 years). 

Overall,
more than 90,000 children are diagnosed each year in the United States and the largest five European countries combined. 

T1D
Background Information 

T1D
is the end result of immune-mediated destruction of the insulin-producing beta cells of the pancreas and is one of the most common and
serious chronic conditions occurring in childhood. T1D patients require life-long dependence on insulin products delivered through multiple
daily injections or continuous infusion pumps. While the disease presents in children and adults, the vast majority of T1D is diagnosed
in children, with more than half of T1D patients diagnosed before the age of 14 years. The life-expectancy of individuals with younger-onset
disease is on average 16 years shorter than non-diabetic individuals. Individuals diagnosed before the age of 10 years have a 30-times
greater risk of serious cardiovascular outcomes than the general population resulting in decreased life expectancy, compared to healthy
individuals. It is believed the loss of beta cells, which is more severe and rapid in younger individuals leading to increased glycemic
load, is the cause of increased cardiovascular-related deaths. The disease is believed to occur in genetically susceptible individuals
upon exposure to environmental triggers. In addition, because of a similar genetic predisposition, patients with T1D are at high risk
of developing celiac disease. Celiac disease is characterized by autoimmunity in the gut and other organs triggered by consumption of
gluten and can lead to malnutrition and other complications including a form of cancer called lymphoma. There is no approved therapy
for celiac disease. 

10 

Lack
of insulin secretory capacity has serious consequences, even when patients receive insulin replacement therapy. The complications of
T1D include eye disease, nerve damage, kidney disease and heart disease. Diabetic retinopathy has a prevalence of approximately 80 among
patients with T1D and is the leading cause of vision impairment and blindness among adults. Moreover, about 60 to 70 of people with
diabetes present some form of neuropathy that can induce numbness, weakness and blood pressure dysregulation. In addition, diabetic nephropathy
is the leading cause of chronic kidney disease and affects about 30 of T1D patients. Diabetes can also cause severe heart complications
and adults with diabetes are two to four times more likely to die from heart disease than adults without diabetes. 

In
summary, people with T1D experience substantial morbidity and mortality owing to chronic complications. 

Overview
of T1D Biology and mechanism of action of TZIELD 

T1D
is an autoimmune disease which occurs in genetically-predisposed individuals. Specialized white blood cells of our immune system, known
as self-reactive T cells (also called auto-reactive), are triggered, presumably by CVB viral infection of the beta cells in at least
50 of cases, to attack and destroy beta cells of the pancreas, thus causing a decline in the natural production of insulin. Simultaneously,
another type of T cell, Tregs, which normally suppress the activity of self-reactive T cells, fail to do so effectively. 

The
clinical progression of T1D is relatively well understood and predictable, as it is a continuum marked by clinically-relevant biomarkers
which identify stages of the disease. In an individual with genetic risk (primarily driven by human leukocyte antigen HLA haplotypes), the natural evolution of T1D has been described in stages (see figure below). 

Stage
 1: emergence of T1D-related autoantibodies which reflect the initiation of the autoimmune process; this stage is associated with
 normoglycemia. 

Stage
 2: persistence T1D-related autoantibodies, but with further loss of beta cell function and development of dysglycemia. 

Stage
 3: symptomatic or clinical T1D, when remaining beta cell capacity is insufficient to maintain glucose metabolism. 

11 

Stages
of Type 1 Diabetes 

It
is important to note that once subjects develop two or more T1D-related autoantibodies (Stage 1), the progression to clinical T1D (Stage
3) is not a matter of if but when as greater than 95 percent of the Stage 1 subjects and virtually all of
the Stage 2 subjects will progress to Stage 3 necessitating insulin dependence. The progression of Stage 1 to Stage 3 is 44 in five
years, and of Stage 2 to Stage 3 is 75 in four to five years. 

TZIELD binds to CD3 (a cell surface antigen present on T lymphocytes) to delay the onset of Stage 3 T1D. The mechanism
may involve partial agonistic signaling and deactivation of pancreatic beta cell autoreactive T lymphocytes. Clinical studies have shown
that TZIELD binds to CD3 molecules on the surface of both CD4+ and CD8+ T cells during treatment, with internalization of the TZIELD/CD3
complex from the surface of T cells. TZIELD also leads to an increase in the proportion of regulatory T cells and of exhausted CD8+ T
cells in peripheral blood, both believed to be important mechanisms of its proposed immunomodulatory properties. TZIELD is not a chronic
administration therapy, and a single 14-day course led to a median delay of at least two years in the onset of Stage 3 T1D. 

Ongoing
Clinical Studies 

Newly-Diagnosed
Patients (Stage 3) 

Phase
3 Clinical Trial of teplizumab in Pediatric Patients Newly-Diagnosed T1D (PROTECT Study) 

The
PROTECT study PRO vention T 1D trial E valuating C -peptide with T eplizumab) is a randomized, double-blind,
placebo-controlled, multicenter Phase 3 clinical trial in pediatric and adolescent patients (aged eight to 17 years) that are newly-diagnosed
with clinical T1D. Patients with minimum beta-cell cell function (C-peptide >0.2 pmol/mL) and within six weeks of T1D diagnosis will
receive two courses of teplizumab, six months apart. Each course will consist of 12 days of teplizumab administered intravenously, with
a cumulative dose of ~9.0 mg/m2. The primary endpoint is the change in C-peptide at 18 months. Secondary endpoints including insulin
use, HbA1C levels, hypoglycemic events and safety will also be evaluated. We commenced enrollment in the second quarter of 2019 and reached
the target enrollment of 300 patients during the third quarter of 2021. Given the challenges the COVID-19 pandemic has presented to clinical
trials across the industry, we ultimately exceeded the enrollment target by approximately ten percent to ensure there were a sufficient
number of evaluable patients. We expect to report top line data from the PROTECT Phase 3 study in the second half of 2023. 

Prior
Clinical Evaluation 

To
date, clinical development of teplizumab has included both academic and biopharmaceutical sponsors. Approximately 1,100 subjects
have been enrolled in completed teplizumab clinical trials, with over 800 subjects receiving teplizumab. These studies represent
various doses, formulations, and indications and includes earlier smaller investigator-sponsored studies. The majority of patients
were enrolled in T1D studies (>1,000), and the rest in renal or renal-pancreatic allograft rejection, pancreatic islet
transplant, psoriatic arthritis or plaque psoriasis trials. 

In
T1D patients, ten studies have been conducted, of which nine involved intravenous dosing (two Phase 1, three Phase 2, two Phase 3 and
a Phase 3 extension study) and one subcutaneous dosing (Phase 1). 

12 

Among
the T1D studies of teplizumab: 

In
 Stage 2, the At-Risk study enrolled Stage 2 individuals who were characterized as having at least two T1D autoantibodies and evidence
 of hyperglycemia. 

In
 Stage 3, five studies (Study 1, Study 2, Study 3, Study 4 AbATE , and Study 5 Delay were completed under
 the direction of Dr. Kevan Herold (currently at Yale University) and collaborators. Studies 2, 3 and 4 were sponsored by the Immune
 Tolerance Network. Four additional studies were conducted by MacroGenics: three with intravenous administration Prot g ,
 Prot g Extension , and Prot g Encore and one with subcutaneous administration
 (SUBCUE) of teplizumab. Among these studies, Prot g and Prot g Encore were
 Phase 3 studies. Prot g was the largest completed study for treatment of T1D, which enrolled 516 patients (aged eight
 to 35 years and T1D diagnosis within 12 weeks of study entry) and randomized into three teplizumab dosing regimens compared to placebo.
 Teplizumab showed promising immunological and clinical activities in these studies and was well tolerated. In particular, teplizumab
 treatment showed promising data on the preservation of C-peptide levels and the reduction of exogenous insulin use. 

Clinical
Trials in Stage 2 Patients 

Phase
2 Clinical Trial of teplizumab in At-Risk Relatives who develop T1D (At-Risk TN-10 Study) 

The
 At-Risk TN-10 Study, a pivotal Phase 2 clinical trial, conducted at TrialNet sites and sponsored by National Institute
of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases NIDDK ), part of the National Institute of Health NIH ), evaluated
teplizumab for the delay of clinical T1D in at-risk individuals. At-risk was defined by the presence of two or more T1D-related autoantibodies
and dysglycemia (abnormal glucose metabolism). 76 subjects were enrolled, ages eight to 49 years, with 72 percent under the age of 18,
and randomized to receive a single 14-day course of either teplizumab (cumulative dose of ~9.0 mg/m2) or placebo. Subjects were followed
in a blinded fashion until a minimum 40 subjects developed clinical T1D which triggered the analysis of the primary endpoint. Thereafter,
subjects were followed indefinitely in other TrialNet studies. Those who developed clinical T1D after the primary analysis was completed
are eligible to enroll in a Provention trial, PRV-031-002, which we initiated in March 2020. 

Participants
over eight years of age with Stage 2 T1D (presence of at least two T1D autoantibodies and dysglycemia, who were non-diabetic relatives
of T1D individuals) were randomized 1:1 to receive teplizumab or placebo. Dysglycemia was defined on oral glucose tolerance test OGTT as: (a) Fasting plasma glucose 110mg/dL, and 

The
primary endpoint was the time from randomization to the clinical diagnosis of diabetes, using ADA criteria. Criteria for clinical T1D
diagnosis are based on glucose testing, or the presence of unequivocal hyperglycemia with acute metabolic decompensation (diabetic ketoacidosis).
One of the following criteria must be met on two occasions as soon as possible but no less than one day apart for diabetes to be defined: 

Symptoms
 of diabetes plus casual plasma glucose concentration > 200 mg/dL (11.1 mmol/l). Casual is defined as any time of day without regard
 to time since last meal. The classic symptoms of diabetes include polyuria, polydipsia, and unexplained weight loss. 

Fasting
 plasma glucose 126 mg/dL (7 mmol/l). Fasting is defined as no caloric intake for at least eight hours. 

2-hour
 plasma glucose 200 mg/dL (11.1 mmol/l). The test should be performed using a glucose load containing the equivalent of 1.75g/kg
 body weight to a maximum of 75 g anhydrous glucose dissolved in water. 

Teplizumab
was administered over a 14-day course: 51 g/m2, 103 g/m2, 207 g/m2, and 413 g/m2 on study days 0 3, respectively,
and 826 g/m2 on each of study days four through 13. A total of 112 participants were screened and 76 were randomized, 44 to teplizumab
and 32 to placebo. The baseline characteristics were balanced for age (median ~13-14 years of age), relationship to the relative with
T1D, type of T1D autoantibodies and HbA1c. 

13 

At-Risk
TN-10 Study - Extended Data Readout in June 2020 

After
the primary readout in the TN-10 study, patients were followed indefinitely in other TrialNet observational studies. On June 15, 2020,
we announced that new data from the TN-10 study was presented on that date by TrialNet at the 2020 American Diabetes Association Annual
meeting. These follow-up data demonstrated that the single 14-day course of teplizumab had delayed the onset of clinical T1D, as compared
to placebo, by a median of approximately three years in at-risk individuals. In other words, the follow-up data from the TN-10 added
approximately one year to the two-year median delay that was previously observed and reported in the primary analysis. The median time
to clinical diagnosis of T1D after one course of teplizumab was approximately five years (59.6 months) compared to approximately two
years (27.1 months) for the placebo group (unchanged from previously published data). Nearly half of those treated with teplizumab are
estimated to be free of clinical T1D at five years. The hazard ratio was 0.457 or a 54 percent reduction in risk of developing clinical
T1D (p=0.01). 

On
March 3, 2021, we announced the peer reviewed publication of the extended follow-up results from the TN-10 study showing that a single
teplizumab 14-day course delayed the onset of insulin dependence in T1D patients by approximately 32.5 months compared to placebo. 

In
addition, teplizumab treatment was associated with a greater on-study C-peptide (p=0.009), a measure of a persons own insulin
production, compared to placebo. For both groups, C-peptide AUC mean slopes preceding study entry were similar and declining. In the
placebo group, this decline continued over the six months after study entry. By contrast, the teplizumab-treated group showed an increased
C-peptide AUC over this period (p=0.02 relative to study entry). 

14 

Note:
Adapted from presentation 277-OR at ADA 2020 (Sims et al, June 15, 2020). 

Mechanistically,
the association between the expansion of partially exhausted CD8 T cells and the delay of clinical T1D conferred by teplizumab, previously
described in newly diagnosed T1D patients, was also confirmed in subjects at-risk. C-peptide levels at three, six and 18 months post-teplizumab
administration correlated with the levels of exhausted CD8+ T cells in the circulation (p=0.01 vs placebo). Subjects with the highest
increase (top quartile) in exhausted CD8 T cells at 3 months post-teplizumab had no progression to clinical T1D in the period of observation
of the study (p=0.005 vs placebo). Finally, inflammatory cytokines IFN-gamma and TNF-alpha were lower in the exhausted CD8 T cells in
teplizumab vs placebo-treated subjects (p 

In
summary, the follow-up results showed that teplizumab s effect on delaying the onset of clinical T1D was not only consistent from
previous analyses, but was durable and now extended the median delay to approximately three years, without any additional safety signals
noted. 

Clinical
Trials in Stage 3 Patients 

Prot g 
Study 

Prot g 
was a randomized, controlled Phase 3 clinical trial conducted in 83 centers in North America (United States, Canada, Mexico), India,
Israel, and Europe (Czech Republic, Estonia, Germany, Latvia, Poland, Romania, Spain, Sweden, Ukraine) completed between 2007 and 2011.
Patients aged eight to 35 years with recently diagnosed T1D 12 weeks) were followed for 12 months (Prot g and continued
to 24 months (Prot g Extension). Three dose regimens of teplizumab were administered to 417 patients as intravenous infusions
for six to 14 days; 99 patients received placebo. At 12 months, the primary efficacy endpoint, the proportion of patients with insulin
use 

15 

We
 believe that the primary endpoint could have been achieved if cut-offs were changed to insulin use of 

16 

C-peptide
 levels significantly improved in the teplizumab group compared with placebo group in all patients, and further analyses indicated
 that this difference was more pronounced in younger patients (aged eight to 11 years) and patients enrolled in United States sites.
 These findings are consistent with other clinical trials, showing a stronger effect in T1D patients who are younger 

Prot g 
Encore Study 

Prot g 
Encore was a randomized, controlled Phase 3 clinical trial conducted in 125 centers in 16 countries completed between 2009 and 2012.
Patients aged eight to 35 years with recently diagnosed T1D were to be followed for 24 months. Three dose regimens of teplizumab, given
as intravenous infusions for six to 14 days, were compared with placebo. The primary endpoint, the proportion of patients with insulin
use 

17 

A
summary of the C-peptide data in the completed Phase 2 clinical trials and Phase 3 Prot g study are shown in the table
below. All these studies have shown consistent and significant C-peptide benefit. Furthermore, subgroup analysis of the Prot g 
data indicated that younger patients (aged eight to 17 years) with minimum baseline beta cell function (C-peptide >0.2 pmol/mL) along
with even more robust data in T1D patients with diagnosis under six weeks (Study 1), informed the inclusion criteria applied in our Phase
3 study, PROTECT. 

Full
 9.0 mg/m 2 /course 14-Day regimen was explored in 205 treated patients and 98 placebos; 

Delay
 study based on 12-month time-point. All other studies based on 24-month time-points 

SUBCUE
Study 

SUBCUE
was a randomized, controlled Phase 1 clinical trial to evaluate the safety and tolerability, PK, and PD of subcutaneously injected teplizumab
conducted between 2010 and 2011. Patients aged 18 to 35 years who were diagnosed with T1D within 12 months were to be given three dosing
regimens of teplizumab or placebo. Patients were to be followed for 91 days. However, the study was stopped after one subject was enrolled,
upon the Prot g study results. 

Safety
Data 

Teplizumab
safety data in T1D subjects have been analyzed from five clinical studies with similar study characteristics including a randomized controlled
design and testing the proposed cumulative dose of 9034 g/m 2 (~9.0 mg/m 2 per treatment course. Four of
these studies enrolled subjects with newly diagnosed Stage 3 clinical T1D (two Phase 2 studies, AbATE and Delay, and two Phase 3 studies,
Prot g and Encore). One of these trials enrolled Stage 2 subjects in the At-risk (TN-10) study. The safety summary provided
below pools data from the four Stage 3 clinical studies and a separate summary for the Stage 2, At-risk study (TN-10). 

In
Stage 3 teplizumab and placebo subjects, there were no major differences in the overall adverse events AEs (99.6 and
99.1 ), and serious adverse events SAEs (12.2 (91 of 729 subjects)), and 8.9 (19 out of 213 subjects), although there
were more severe AEs in teplizumab subjects (59 and 25 ). In At-risk Stage 2 subjects, there was a higher incidence of AEs, SAEs, and
severe AEs in the teplizumab subjects compared with placebo (AEs: 97.7 and 68.8 , SAEs: 15.9 (7 of 44 subjects) and 3.1 (1 of 32 subjects),
and severe AEs: 59.1 and 9.4 ). 

The
most common AEs were related to decreases in white blood cells (lymphopenia, leukopenia and neutropenia) as well as rash. Lymphopenia
was expected based on the mechanism of action of teplizumab and was observed in approximately 80 of Stage 3 and 73 of Stage 2 T1D subjects
who received teplizumab compared with approximately 18 of Stage 3 and 6 of Stage 2 subjects who received placebo. Lymphopenia was commonly
mild to moderate and resolved within 14 days. In Stage 3 T1D subjects, approximately 36 and 12 of teplizumab- and placebo-treated subjects,
respectively, reported rash. In Stage 2 TID subjects, approximately 14 and 0 of teplizumab- and placebo-treated subjects, respectively,
reported rash. In teplizumab-treated patients, the rash was predominantly mild to moderate and usually resolved within one to two weeks.
Laboratory abnormalities were also reported as AEs. The main differences in incidence in teplizumab and placebo subjects were related
to liver function tests. For example, increased alanine aminotransferase occurred in 27.8 and 12.7 of Stage 3 teplizumab and placebo
subjects and 4.5 and 3.1 of Stage 2 teplizumab and placebo subjects. These transaminase elevations were likely due to cytokine effects
on the liver, usually resolved within 14 days of dose completion, and did not cause significant or lasting clinical concern. Cytokine
release syndrome, which may include symptoms of rash, headache, nausea, vomiting, and chills/fever, occurred in 6 and 1.4 of teplizumab-
and placebo-treated Stage 3 subjects and 2.3 and 0 of teplizumab- and placebo-treated Stage 2 subjects. Cytokine release syndrome was
predominantly mild to moderate in severity, and in the majority of subjects (~80 ), the treatment course was completed. 

18 

In
both Stage 3 and Stage 2 subjects, a total of 118 subjects (98 teplizumab (12.4 ), 20 control (8.2 )) experienced one or more SAEs for
a total of 167 SAEs. The majority, 76.7 , (128 out of 167) of SAEs were not considered treatment-related, while 23.4 (39 out of 167)
were deemed related. 

In
 Stage 3 subjects, 110 of 729 total participants (91 teplizumab (12.2 ), 19 control (8.8 )) reported at total of 158 SAEs. The most
 common SAEs were related to diabetes control including diabetic ketoacidosis, hypoglycemic seizures/unconsciousness, hyperglycemia,
 hypoglycemia (consistent with the underlying disorder) and were reported in 4.9 and 2.3 of Stage 3 teplizumab and placebo subjects,
 respectively. These events did not occur in any Stage 2 subjects. 

In
 Stage 2 subjects, 8 of 76 total participants (7 of 44 teplizumab (15.9 ), 1 of 32 controls (3.1 )) reported a total of 9 SAEs during
 the study. Of the 8 SAEs reported in teplizumab subjects, 4 were infections (pneumonia, cellulitis, wound infection, and gastroenteritis).
 Two of the 8 SAEs reported in teplizumab subjects were considered by the investigators to be related to study treatment and included
 serum sickness and pneumonia. 

Three
deaths were observed in Stage 3 subjects and categorized by the principal investigator (in accordance with International Conference on
Harmonisation/Good Clinical Practice guidelines) and included in the Investigator Brochure for teplizumab filed with the FDA. The relationship
between each death and teplizumab is listed in the Investigator Brochure as follows: one death, none one death not
related and one death unlikely. The specific causes of deaths were (1) unknown for subject with gastrointestinal
symptoms which the relationship was listed as none in the Investigator Brochure, (2) anterior myocardial infarction with
ventricular tachycardia and cardio-respiratory arrest for which the relationship was listed as not related in the Investigator
Brochure and (3) diabetic ketoacidosis for which the relationship was listed as unlikely in the Investigator Brochure.
No deaths were reported in Stage 2 subjects. 

The
most common severe AE occurring in at least 10 of Stage 3 subjects was lymphopenia observed in 43.6 (326 out of 729 subjects) and 5.2 
(11 out of 213 subjects) of teplizumab and placebo subjects, respectively. In Stage 2 subjects, lymphopenia was also the most frequently
observed severe AE, occurring in 47.5 (21of 44 subjects) teplizumab-treated subjects but none of the placebo subjects. This AE is consistent
with the mechanism of action of teplizumab. 

Overall,
in both Stage 3 and Stage 2 subjects, infections were reported in comparable rates between teplizumab and controls (53.0 vs 52.7 with
the most common infections reported involving upper respiratory infections (19.0 vs 17.6 ), nasopharyngitis (11.1 vs 9.4 and pharyngitis
(5.1 vs 4.5 ). The rate of primary EBV infections does not appear to be increased with teplizumab (1.9 vs 3.6 ). While there were more
cases of EBV reactivation with teplizumab (3.9 vs 1.2 ), they were asymptomatic in the majority of subjects and were associated with
transient viremia. 

The
safety profile of teplizumab in the at-risk population (Stage 2 T1D), appeared to be comparable with those of newly diagnosed patients
(Stage 3 T1D). No new safety signals were identified. The majority of the adverse events were mild to moderate and were transient and
manageable. 

Phase
2 Clinical Trial of teplizumab in combination with AG019 in newly diagnosed T1D patients 

We
believe that combination therapy may enhance the potential therapeutic benefit of teplizumab by increasing efficacy, enhancing the durability
of response, or restoring insulin production by beta cells. Combination therapies may include islet or beta-cell transplant, regulatory
T cells, beta cell antigens, tolerogenic cytokines and other immune modulators, which could enhance the removal of self-reactive lymphocytes
or increase the function of Tregs, or metabolic agents that could further improve or preserve beta cell function or mass. 

19 

We
are collaborating with Precigen and its subsidiary, Precigen ActoBio, to explore the combination of teplizumab and the orally administered
AG019, a Lactococcus lactis L. lactis strain genetically engineered to secrete human proinsulin and human interleukin-10,
an anti-inflammatory cytokine. Precigen reported positive interim results from the Phase 1b/2a clinical trial, in June 2021 and October
2021, for the combination of AG019 and teplizumab, with a 79 response (C-peptide preservation) in newly diagnosed T1D. In addition to
this collaboration, we plan to explore other combination therapies in the future. 

AG019
is an oral-capsule consisting of engineered L. lactis specifically modified to deliver autoantigen human proinsulin and the tolerance-enhancing
cytokine human interleukin-10 to the mucosal lining of the gastro-intestinal tissues. The primary objective of the study was to assess
the safety and tolerability of different doses of AG019 alone as well as AG019 in association with teplizumab. The secondary objectives
of this study are: to obtain PD data of AG019 as monotherapy as well as AG019 in combination with teplizumab; and PK data to determine
the potential presence of AG019 in systemic circulation (safety - systemic exposure) and the presence of L. lactis bacteria in
fecal excretion (local exposure). The study has been completed and was conducted in two phases: 

Phase
 1b (27 participants enrolled): open-label part of the study which investigated the safety and tolerability of two different doses
 of AG019 in two age groups (18 to 40 years of age and 12 to 17 years of age). 

Phase
 2a (18 participants enrolled): randomized, double-blind part of the study which investigated the safety and tolerability of AG019,
 in association with teplizumab, in two age groups (18 to 40 years of age and 12 to 17 years of age). Patients receive a daily dose
 of oral AG019 monotherapy for 8 weeks in combination with daily intravenous infusions of teplizumab for 12 days. 

The
study commenced in October 2018 and enrollment is completed. Precigen presented updates in June and October 2021, on their interim data
from the Phase 1b (monotherapy) and Phase 2a (combination) arms of the study: 

AG019
 was well tolerated as a monotherapy and in combination with teplizumab with no serious SAEs reported. 

In
 the AG019 monotherapy arm, 56 of adult patients (5 of 9) showed stabilization or increase of C-peptide levels during the first 6
 months post treatment initiation. 

In
 the teplizumab combination arm, 79 of all patients (11 of 14) showed stabilization of C-peptide levels at 6 months post treatment
 initiation. 

Exhaustion
 of autoreactive T cells, only seen in the teplizumab combination arm, correlated with response. 

There
 was an increase in pre-proinsulin PPI - specific Type 1 regulatory Tr1 cells in both monotherapy
 and combination arms. 

There
 was a significant decrease in PPI-specific CD8+ T cells in both monotherapy and combination arms. 

T1D
Lifecycle Management opportunities and other potential indications 

We are currently exploring and supporting research and lifecycle management programs for T1D beyond our current pipeline.
Within T1D, we are exploring programs which include repeat dosing and age expansion for both at-risk individuals and newly diagnosed patients,
as well as subcutaneous formulations and combination therapies potentially with antigens, regulatory T cells, metabolic drugs, immune
modulators and islet or beta cell transplants. We are evaluating other potential indications for teplizumab including, gastrointestinal GI immunology disorders such as Crohn s disease, celiac disease and autoimmune hepatitis or rheumatology disorders
such as rheumatoid arthritis. These initiatives may result in or include new clinical studies sponsored by us or investigator-initiated
studies, which are clinical studies initiated and sponsored by physicians or research institutions with funding from us. 

PRV-3279
for SLE and Other Autoimmune Diseases 

PRV-3279
is a humanized CD32B x CD79B dual affinity biologic in a new class of bispecific scaffold antibody-like molecules called DARTs. It is
designed to simultaneously bind to CD32B and CD79B on B cells. The simultaneous binding of both CD32B and CD79B triggers CD32B-coupled
immunoreceptor tyrosine-based inhibitory motif signaling, which leads to the suppression of B cells activated to produce auto-antibodies,
while not causing broad B cell depletion. 

We
believe PRV-3279 may intercept the pathophysiology of SLE by preventing the production of auto-antibodies by abnormally active B cells.
Additionally, based on our published clinical (hepatitis A vaccination) and pre-clinical (Pompe disease gene therapy model) studies,
we believe PRV-3279 may prevent the detrimental immunogenicity of biotherapeutic products, such as gene therapy products, though, we
will need to conduct additional clinical studies to confirm and support our belief. 

20 

SLE
Market and Other Opportunities for PRV-3279 

The treatment and management of
SLE depends on disease severity and disease manifestations. Hydroxychloroquine plays a central role in the long-term treatment of SLE
and is the cornerstone of SLE therapy. Corticosteroids, nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs NSAIDs ), and immunosuppressive
agents (e.g., azathioprine, cyclophosphamide, cyclosporine, methotrexate, and mycophenolate mofetil) have also been used in the treatment
and management of SLE. These treatments are only modestly effective and present safety and/or immune suppression concerns with prolonged
use. The B cell-depleting antibody rituximab (Rituxan), while not approved for treatment of SLE, appears to be beneficial in certain subsets
of patients. 

In 2011, the FDA approved belimumab
(Benlysta), an antibody that targets B lymphocyte stimulator, for the treatment of mild to moderate SLE in combination with standard therapy,
providing additional clinical validation of the therapeutic benefit of B cell-targeted therapy for autoimmune diseases. However, the modest
therapeutic benefit of belimumab and delayed onset of disease intervention indicate the need for additional therapeutic strategies to
inhibit overactive B cells. We believe PRV-3279 can fulfill that requirement and is uniquely differentiated to allow for rapid inhibition
of activated B cells (potentially more effective than belimumab), while sparing non-activated B cells from depletion or inactivation (potentially
safer than rituximab). 

In December 2020, January 2021,
and July 2021, the FDA approved belimumab, voclosporin and anifrolumab, respectively, for the treatment of lupus nephritis (belimumab,
voclosporin and systemic lupus, in the case of anifrolumab). We believe that PRV-3279 can be differentiated form anifrolumab (a Type I
interferon receptor inhibitor) as it targets B cells, and are focused on development of PRV-3279 in SLE. 

Sales of therapies to treat SLE
are expected to climb to nearly 3.6 billion by 2029, approximately 9 annual growth from 2022. This growth is driven primarily
by treatments that target B cells, such as belimumab, with a new indication in lupus nephritis in 2020, off-label use of rituximab, and
the approval of new mechanisms (voclosporin for lupus nephritis, approved in January 2021, and the type I interferon inhibitor, anifrolumab,
approved in July 2021 for systemic lupus). Despite these available medications, substantial unmet need remains, for novel and safe non-depleting
B cell therapy with greater efficacy than belimumab. 

In addition to SLE, PRV-3279
has the potential to treat other B cell- and auto-antibody-driven autoimmune diseases. Such
diseases include multiple sclerosis and rheumatoid arthritis RA ), where B cell therapies rituximab and ocrelizumab
have sales in excess of 1 billion. Several niche/orphan indications may also be explored, including T1D (potentially in combination
with teplizumab), Sjogren s syndrome, vasculitis (e.g., polymyalgia rheumatica, giant cell arteritis, Beh ets disease),
myasthenia gravis, pemphigus, neuromyelitis optica, anti-NMDA receptor encephalitis, Guillain-Barr syndrome, chronic
inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy, Grave s ophthalmopathy, IgG4-related disease, and idiopathic thrombocytopenic
purpura. 

SLE
Background Information 

SLE
is a chronic autoimmune disorder that can affect nearly every major organ system, causing inflammation, tissue injury, organ damage,
and in some patients, organ failure. The prognosis of SLE is highly variable in individual patients, often waxing and waning throughout
their lifetime. The natural history of SLE ranges from relatively benign disease to rapidly progressive and even fatal disease. Comorbidities,
such as infections, malignancies, hypertension, lipid disorders and diabetes increase the risk of disability and death in patients with
SLE. Organ systems commonly affected by SLE include the central nervous system, kidneys, gastrointestinal system, mucous membranes, heart,
skin, hematologic system, musculoskeletal system and lungs, with specific organ involvement defining subsets of the disease (e.g., lupus
nephritis). According to the Lupus Foundation of America, at least 1.5 million Americans are afflicted by SLE and more than 16,000 new
cases of lupus are reported annually. It is estimated that five million people throughout the world suffer from some form of lupus. Lupus
affects primarily women of childbearing age (15 to 44 years). However, men, children, and teenagers can also develop lupus. 

The
pathogenesis of SLE is characterized by an abnormal overactivation of B cells and subsequent pathologic production of auto-antibodies
(antibodies that attack one s own cells and tissues). Uncontrolled activation of B cells is normally terminated when the activating
stimulus is exhausted and when a negative feedback loop is triggered by the engagement of CD32B. Mutations in the CD32B gene in humans are associated with an increased likelihood of SLE,
and reduced expression of CD32B is apparent in B cells from SLE patients. It is thought that activation of this inhibitory pathway could
ameliorate the overactive B cell-driven pathology of SLE and other autoimmune diseases. In addition, the excess auto-antibodies produced
bind to target antigens and form immune complexes. 

When
the B cell receptor BCR (which is the Y shaped molecule, resembling an antibody in the figure below) is
bound and activated by an antigen, it initiates a cascade of biochemical changes necessary for the activation of the CD32B inhibitory
pathway, thus triggering the negative feedback loop. CD79B is a subunit of the BCR that plays a key role in this process when it is close
to CD32B. Therefore, if a pharmacologic treatment is to activate the CD32B inhibitory pathway, it also has to simultaneously bind to
CD79B. PRV-3279 (formerly MGD010), is a humanized CD32B x CD79B DART protein developed originally by MacroGenics as a bi-specific therapy
with these properties, and thus a potential treatment for SLE and other similar diseases. It is designed to simultaneously bind to CD32B
and CD79B on B cells. 

21 

PRV-3279
and related molecules have shown inhibitory effects on BCR-induced B cell proliferation and antibody secretion (including B cells obtained
from SLE patients) as well as beneficial effects in mouse models of autoimmunity. PRV-3279 is expected to boost the negative feedback
loop on B cells by robustly engaging the available CD32B and CD79B. 

PRV-3279
has been studied in humans and was shown to be well tolerated. Proof of mechanism and PRV-3279 s inhibitory effect on antibody
immune responses were demonstrated in a Phase 1a single ascending dose study in healthy volunteers, including a cohort demonstrating
inhibition of the immunogenicity of the hepatitis A vaccine. Immunogenicity of PRV-3279 was also observed, but had no impact on mechanistic
effects, safety or pharmacokinetics, and decreased with increasing doses of PRV-3279, possibly a reflection of its mechanism of action. 

Our
ultimate goal is to determine if PRV-3279 can intercept the pathophysiology of SLE by preventing the production of auto-antibodies by
abnormally active B cells. 

22 

Overview
of CD32B Biology and Relevance in Lupus 

CD32B
is expressed widely on the surface of human B cells. In addition to its expression on B cells, CD32B is also expressed on other immune
cells such as dendritic cells, macrophages, neutrophils, and mast cells. It is a single-chain protein with a portion that sits outside
of the cell membrane, which can be bound by chemical signals. 

CD32B
is the only known inhibitory FcR in the immune system. It plays an important role not only for innate and adaptive immune responses,
but also in the maintenance of immune tolerance and controlling autoimmunity. Mice deficient in CD32B have increased antibody responses
due in part to chronic B cell activation, and as a result, develop autoimmune disease similar to human SLE. In contrast, B cell-specific
overexpression of CD32B and cross-linking of CD32B with antibodies ameliorate the incidence and severity of lupus in mouse lupus models.
In humans, mutations and decreased expression of the CD32B gene are associated with an increased likelihood of SLE. These results underscore
the important role of CD32B in regulating the antibody immune response and suggest that drug-mediated engagement of CD32B could provide
therapeutic benefit in autoimmune diseases by dampening the effects of chronically activated B cells and reducing the production of auto-antibodies.
In particular, preventing the production of auto-antibodies could intercept the disease course in lupus nephritis, a subtype of lupus
driven by accumulation of auto-antibodies and immune complexes (a mass of antibodies and other molecules) in the kidneys. 

Consistently,
a monoclonal antibody anti-CD19 which binds CD32B with high affinity, obexelimab, was shown in 2018 to be efficacious -albeit missing
the primary endpoint- in a Phase 2 lupus trial, particularly in patients with B cell biomarker signatures, providing indirect validation
for the potential of PRV-3279 in lupus. Obexelimab, has not moved forward in development in SLE to date. In November 2021, Xencor announced
the licensing of obexelimab to Zenas BioPharma, which is currently sponsoring a trial in another immune indication (IgG4-Related Disease). 

Mechanism
of Action of PRV-3279 

PRV-3279
is in a new class of bispecific scaffold antibody-like molecules called DARTs. It is designed to simultaneously bind to CD32B and CD79B
on B cells. The simultaneous binding of both CD32B and CD79B triggers CD32B-coupled immunoreceptor tyrosine-based inhibitory motif signaling,
which leads to the suppression of B cells activated to produce auto-antibodies, while not causing broad B cell depletion. 

To
prolong its half-life in the body, PRV-3279 contains a human IgG1 Fc region (a specific antibody fragment) that is manipulated to eliminate
its effector function. As a molecule designed to inhibit immune responses, PRV-3279 does not activate any part of the immune system either
in the body or in laboratory tests. PRV-3279 also does not bind to platelets, a unique feature compared to competing molecules targeting
CD32B that are associated with toxicity due to binding to platelets (e.g., XmAb5871, an anti-CD19 mAb which binds to CD32 via the Fc
fragment). 

Clinical Development Program in SLE 

Phase 1b/2a clinical
trial of PRV-3279 in Healthy Volunteers and Patients with Lupus 

We are conducting a two-part study
in SLE, the PREVAIL (PRV-3279 EVAluation In Lupus) study. PREVAIL is a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled Phase 1b/2a clinical
trial to evaluate the safety, tolerability, PK, PD, and immunogenicity of multiple ascending doses of PRV-3279 in 16 healthy adult volunteers
(Part 1) and the efficacy of PRV-3279 in patients with lupus (Part 2). Our ultimate goal is to determine if PRV-3279 can intercept the
pathophysiology of SLE by preventing the production of auto-antibodies by abnormally active B cells. 

On March 12, 2020, we announced
positive top-line results from the Phase 1b portion of the PREVAIL study. PRV-3279 was well-tolerated, with no serious adverse events,
and as expected, did not deplete B cells and demonstrated profound and sustained binding to circulating B lymphocytes, with reduction
of circulating immunoglobulin M levels in a dose-proportional manner. While anti-drug antibody production was observed at both dose levels
tested, immunogenicity was found not to affect exposure, safety or pharmacodynamic parameters. Data from PREVAIL-1 was presented at American
College of Rheumatology ACR conference in November 2020. 

On January
20, 2022, we announced the initiation of the Phase 2a PREVAIL-2 study. The PREVAIL-2 study is a Phase 2a POC study in moderate-to-severe
SLE patients induced into response with a short course of corticosteroids, and then monitored for relapse, after randomization to either
PRV-3279 or placebo treatment. This design enables the withdrawal of most concomitant medications and clear POC evaluation. The study
will be conducted in the United States and Hong Kong. Screening has commenced in the United States with the goal of identifying and
enrolling approximately 100 patients to 6 monthly infusions of PRV-3279 or placebo, with primary efficacy readout at 24 weeks. Stratification
and pre-defined subset analysis in PREVAIL-2 of a potentially highly responsive SLE population using a B cell gene signature may identify
patients most likely to benefit from PRV-3279 therapy in the future. 

Clinical endpoints for the PREVAIL-2
Study include time to and frequency of disease flares, and change from baseline in disease activity, assessed based on the Systemic Lupus
Erythematosus Disease Activity Index 2000 (SLEDAI-2K), the British Isles Lupus Assessment Organ System Group scores, physician global
assessment of disease activity, patient reported outcomes and use of glucocorticoids or other SLE treatments. Additional biomarkers will
include urinary/renal markers (e.g., serum creatinine, estimated glomerular filtration rate, urine protein to creatinine ratio) and blood/circulating
markers (e.g., auto-antibodies, complement (C3 and C4), B cell function/phenotype and, B cell gene signature/response relationship). 

Preclinical Studies
for the SLE 

In support of the clinical evaluation of PRV-3279 in lupus, we and our partner, MacroGenics, studied the effect
of PRV-3279 on B cells from lupus patients ex vivo . PRV-3279 reduced the activation of these B cells similarly to its effects on
healthy volunteer B cells, regardless of the activity level of the lupus patients. These
data were presented at the ACR conference in November 2020. 

Prior
Preclinical Evaluation of PRV-3279 

The
only nonhuman species that PRV-3279 binds to is chimpanzees. An initial non-Good Laboratory Practices GLP study with PRV-3279 in chimpanzees demonstrated it to
be well tolerated at all doses, with an assigned no observed-adverse-effect level NOAEL ), of 10 mg/kg. 

Due
to the lack of target binding, chronic four-week and three-month repeat-dose GLP toxicology studies were performed using a surrogate
DART molecule similar to PRV-3279 that was designed to target human CD32B and mouse CD79B in a transgenic mouse line that expresses human
CD32B. A NOAEL at the highest dose of 50 mg/kg was assigned in the three-month study. We believe these studies, and our regulatory interactions,
support the advancement of PRV-3279 in long-term efficacy studies in humans, such as PREVAIL-2. 

Prior
Clinical Evaluation and Proof of Mechanism for PRV-3279 

To
date, there have been two clinical trials completed with PRV-3279. The first study was conducted at a single site in the United States,
from February 2015 to February 2017 and was a first-in-human FIH ), double-blind, placebo-controlled Phase 1a clinical
trial to evaluate the safety, tolerability, PK, PD, and immunogenicity of PRV-3279 in healthy adult volunteers. 

23 

A
total of 49 subjects were randomized; 12 received placebo and 37 received PRV-3279 intravenously at escalating doses from 0.1 mg/kg to
10 mg/kg in six cohorts. PRV-3279 was well tolerated over the range of doses, with only mild adverse events that resolved quickly, including
headache, somnolence (sleepiness), upper respiratory tract infection, folliculitis and night sweats. Target binding and proof of mechanism
were demonstrated by measuring functional B cell inhibition at doses of 1 mg/kg or higher, without broader B cell activation or depletion
observed. 

Subsequently,
proof of mechanism was further confirmed in a dose escalation extension of the study in which single doses of PRV-3279 at 3 mg/kg and
10 mg/kg (16 subjects) were compared with placebo (eight subjects) for the ability to affect B cell responses to a hepatitis A vaccine,
which was administered to participants who had no previous hepatitis A immunity, on day two of the study. At both doses, PRV-3279 reduced
the proportion of volunteers who generated an immune response against the vaccine, as well as the amount of antibody they produced, in
both cases as compared to placebo. 

PRV-3279
exhibited an approximate half-life of seven days after a single dose. A majority (~86 of study participants developed antibodies against
PRV-3279 (i.e., immunogenicity) after receiving the 3 mg/kg dose, but no detrimental effect was observed on the pharmacokinetics of PRV-3279.
The proportion of participants developing antibodies against PRV-3279 decreased with increasing dose (29 in the 10 mg/kg dose) and such
antibodies did not occur in the multiple dose chimpanzee study, suggesting that PRV-3279 may limit its own immunogenicity at therapeutic
doses, which is consistent with its mechanism of action. 

The
second study was the Phase 1b portion of the PREVAIL study, which was a double-blind, placebo-controlled, multiple ascending dose study
in 16 health volunteers described above. 

Preclinical Development Program in Gene Therapy 

Preclinical Studies
for the Prevention of the Immunogenicity of Biotherapeutics Including Gene Therapy 

We believe that PRV-3279 has the
potential to prevent or reduce the immunogenicity of biotherapeutics, including but not limited to gene therapy vectors and transgenes
(new proteins expressed as a result of the gene therapy). 

As the field of gene therapy advances,
patients immune responses to the viral vectors and the transgene products remain a key challenge negatively impacting the safety,
efficacy and ability to deliver additional courses systemically. One of the current mitigation strategies to overcome these immune responses
is pharmacological modulation of the patients antibody immune responses with the B cell depleting agent rituximab in combination
with the immune-suppressive agent sirolimus. The use of rituximab has been associated with certain adverse events. The use of PRV-3279,
as a non-depleting B cell inhibitor, is a potential strategy to address this unmet need in serious genetic diseases. 

PRV-3279
reduced B cell responses to viral antigens using an experimental vaccine challenge in a Phase 1 study. In addition, In January 2021, we
announced positive results of pre-clinical proof-of-concept experiments in support of the prevention of immunogenicity indication. A PRV-3279
mouse surrogate was tested in mice transgenic for human CD32B, which received gene therapy with an adeno-associated virus AAV vector AAV9 encoding for the enzyme acid-alpha-glucosidase GAA gene. Errors in the GAA gene cause the serious human glycogen
storage disease type II known as Pompe disease. In the study, the PRV-3279 surrogate reduced anti-AAV9 vector antibody levels in a dose-dependent
fashion. Anti-AAV9 antibodies have been linked to reduced efficacy, safety concerns and the inability to re-dose patients based on these
and other study data, we believe PRV-3279 co-administration with gene therapy products has the potential to improve the safety and efficacy
of this therapeutic modality. The PRV-3279 surrogate in combination with sirolimus increased skeletal muscle levels of GAA enzyme expression.
Consistent with prior results from clinical trials in healthy human subjects, the PRV-3279 surrogate decreased IgM production and was
well tolerated. 

Based on these data, we plan to
look for opportunities to work with academic and industry experts to combine PRV-3279 with gene therapy and other biotherapeutic products
to further our mission of preventing and intercepting devastating immune-mediated conditions. 

Ordesekimab, human anti-interleukin 15 mAb for Non-Responsive Celiac Disease (NCRD) 

Ordesekimab
is a fully human immunoglobulin IgG1 mAb that binds to and inhibits pro-inflammatory cytokine interleukin IL-15 ),
which has been identified as a major mediator in the pathophysiology of celiac disease. Ordesekimab has emerged as a leading candidate for
the treatment of nonresponsive celiac disease, in which patients continue to have disease activity despite ongoing gluten free diet GFD ). 

Ordesekimab
has undergone clinical testing in approximately 250 subjects who have received ordesekimab across two Phase 1 (healthy volunteers and psoriasis), and three Phase 2 clinical trials (celiac disease, RCD-II, RA). No serious adverse events deemed
related to ordesekimab were observed that would preclude further clinical development. Proof of mechanism and/or proof of concept was demonstrated
in RA, celiac disease and refractory celiac disease Type II. The effect of ordesekimab in celiac disease was evidenced by reduction in inflammation
and symptoms after a controlled gluten challenge in a Phase 2a clinical trials with 63 celiac patients. 

24 

Celiac
Disease Background Information 

Celiac
disease is a systemic autoimmune disease triggered by gluten consumption in genetically susceptible individuals. Approximately 1 of
the western population is affected by celiac disease. This prevalence has been reported to be doubling every 20 years. Gluten is ubiquitous
in food and elicits autoimmune responses in celiac patients, with damage to the mucosal lining of the small intestine. Celiac disease
causes debilitating symptoms and serious medical complications, as the small bowel damage can lead to nutrient malabsorption and results
in a range of subsequent intestinal and extra-intestinal clinical manifestations. The stimulation of intestinal lymphocytes for decades
can lead to the development of lymphoma, with increased mortality. 

Gluten
is the main protein present in some of the most common cereals (wheat, barley, rye). Modern diets are increasingly enriched with gluten
and it is also used as an additive in processed foods, cosmetics and oral medications. Gluten is also present in trace amounts in foods
labeled as gluten-free , as a tableting excipient, and in products such as toothpaste and lipstick. As little as 50mg/day
of gluten triggers the disease. A normal diet contains >10 g/day, 200 times the amount that causes damage and intestinal histological
abnormalities. As such, celiac patients face enormous challenges to follow a strict GFD. 

The
pathophysiology of celiac disease is characterized by an abnormal immune response to gluten. Humans lack enzymes to fully digest gluten,
which against the right genetic background triggers inflammation and autoimmunity in the intestine and in other organs. An adaptive immune
response is triggered when gluten peptides are deamidated in the extracellular space, by the enzyme tissue transglutaminase, normally
an intracellular enzyme that is released by damaged cells. This deamidation renders gluten peptides high-avidity binders to HLA-DQ2 and
HLA-DQ8, which present these peptides to intestinal CD4+ T cells, thereby activating these T cells and initiating the inflammatory cascade.
The innate immune system s intraepithelial lymphocytes IELs ), primarily CD8+, are able to directly lyse and destroy
intestinal epithelial cells, damaging the mucosal lining of the small intestine, in response to IL-15 release stimulated by gluten peptides.
In healthy individuals, the activated T cells are controlled by Tregs, but this does not happen in celiac disease as IL-15 confers the
effector CD4+ T cells resistance to suppression by Tregs. 

Celiac
disease causes debilitating symptoms and serious medical complications. In many patients, gastrointestinal symptoms derived from intestinal
mucosal damage dominate the patient reported symptoms at diagnosis. The normal villi (absorptive finger-like prolongations) present in
the gut of healthy individuals are lost in active celiac disease as a result of mucosal atrophy and crypt enlargement. Small bowel damage
often leads to nutrient malabsorption that can result in a range of further clinical manifestations (anemia, osteopenia, failure to thrive
in children). In addition, extra-intestinal symptoms and systemic manifestations are often present, such as dermatitis, infertility,
or neurological and skeletal disorders. Mortality is increased in subjects with persistent intestinal mucosal damage. 

The
most serious complication of celiac disease is the development of an in situ small bowel T cell lymphoma after many years of exposure,
voluntary or inadvertent, to gluten. This malignant complication of celiac disease, which appears to be independent of gluten and unresponsive
to a strict GFD, is termed RCD-II when the percentage of aberrant IELs is >20 and Type I refractory celiac disease when the percentage
is 80 mortality in five years. 

Celiac Disease Market 

Celiac
disease is the only common autoimmune disorder with no approved medication. The only current available strategy for the management of
celiac disease is a lifelong total avoidance of gluten. While simple in theory, the ubiquity of gluten in foodstuffs, medications, household
substances, cosmetics, and gluten-free items makes total avoidance of gluten difficult, if not impossible. 

25 

The
main challenge to the successful maintenance of a GFD is that cereal flours are widely used in the food industry and are present in numerous
food products either naturally or as additives. Although gluten-free products can be purchased, commercially manufactured gluten-free
products may be difficult to find, tend to be less flavorful and are more expensive than regular gluten containing foods. In addition,
labeling of food products is deficient in many countries. Even in countries with superior labeling guidelines foods labeled gluten-free 
may nevertheless contain gluten. For example, in northern European countries amounts of up to 100 parts per million are permitted in
gluten-free products designated apt for celiac sufferers. 

For
these reasons, celiac sufferers are regularly exposed to gluten contamination in the food and beverages they consume. This exposure to
gluten contamination and the associated physiological and psychological consequences results in a self-limitation of social activities
and/or a reduction in the variety of foods consumed. Thus, the only currently available management option of a GFD presents both a considerable
challenge and substantial burden for patients. A study by Shah and collaborators (2014) found the burden of celiac disease and GFD on
patient quality of life to be very high, second only to end-stage renal disease a condition that requires multiple, weekly dialysis
treatments. 

As
a result of the difficulty in maintaining total avoidance of gluten while on a GFD, gluten contamination causes 50 or more of all diagnosed
celiac patients on a GFD to continue to experience disease activity. Patients who continue to have symptoms despite attempting to maintain
a GFD are deemed to have NRCD. NRCD has been defined as persistent symptoms, signs or laboratory
abnormalities typical of celiac disease despite 6 12 months of dietary gluten avoidance . As requested by patient
support groups and experts, alternative treatment options that can be administered independently or in combination with a GFD, as well
as treatments for refractory celiac disease, are required in order to improve the quality of life for celiac patients. 

There is no approved drug for celiac disease CD ). The annual healthcare utilization by NRCD patients
in 2013 was 18,206, for 4,796 in matched controls due to the extra costs of uncontrolled CD investigations and treatment of complications.
Given the large prevalence (15 to 20 million patients world-wide, 1 of the population in the Western world and 0.5 in Asia), and the
unmet need (50 of patients on GFD continue to suffer from disease activity due to contaminating gluten in the diet), NRCD is considered
a substantial opportunity for pharmaceutical development of an effective and well-tolerated adjunctive treatment to the GFD. 

Overview
of IL-15 Biology and ordesekimab Mechanism of Action 

IL-15
is a pro-inflammatory cytokine that serves as a potent growth, survival, and activation factor for T cells, particularly IELs, and for
natural killer NK ), cells. Increased expression of IL-15 has been demonstrated in a variety of inflammatory conditions,
including celiac disease, RA, and psoriasis. IL-15 is considered a central regulator of celiac disease immunopathology and a non-redundant
driver of lymphomagenesis in RCD-II. 

Substantial
evidence suggests a pathophysiological role for IL-15 in celiac disease: 

Innate
immunity: 

IL-15
 is an essential, non-redundant growth and activation factor for the IELs which destroy the intestinal mucosa; 

The
 expression of IL-15 in the intestinal epithelium is necessary for villous atrophy; and 

In
 some patients, IL-15 drives progression towards lymphomagenesis and potentially fatal RCD-II. 

Adaptive
immunity: 

IL-15
 enhances the presentation of deamidated gluten peptides by APCs; 

IL-15
 renders the activated CD4+ T cells resistant to inhibition by Tregs; and 

IL-15
 has been proven to be a key factor in the loss of tolerance to food antigens. 

By
activating the IELs, IL-15 is believed to be the main mediator in the mucosal damage that ensues in response to gluten exposure in celiac
disease. The expression of IL-15 in the intestinal epithelium is necessary for villous atrophy in animal models of celiac disease and
circumstantial evidence suggests this to be the case in humans, as well. In addition, IL-15 renders effector T cells resistant to inhibition
by Tregs, promoting loss of tolerance to food antigens. 

One
of the studied mouse models of celiac disease is an IL-15-transgenic mouse, in which IL-15 overexpression by gut epithelial cells leads
to celiac-like disease, including T and B cell-mediated pathology. IEL apoptosis has been observed in this animal model after treatment
with anti-IL-15 or anti-IL-15-receptor monoclonal antibodies. 

26 

Figure
1. Multiple actions of IL-15 in the pathophysiology of celiac and refractory celiac disease 

Ordesekimab (also
known as AMG 714, and formerly HuMax-IL15), is a fully human immunoglobulin (IgG1 mAb which binds to and inhibits the function
of IL-15 in all its forms (cis, trans, soluble IL-15 bound to IL-15R ). Ordesekimab inhibits IL-15-induced T cell proliferation and
shows a dose-dependent inhibition of IL-15-induced TNF- production. Ordesekimab underwent preclinical testing and was subsequently
evaluated in a Phase 1 and Phase 2 study in subjects with RA, in a Phase 1 study in healthy volunteers and in patients with psoriasis,
and in two Phase 2a studies in celiac disease and refractory celiac disease Type-II. 

Pre-clinical
Evaluation of ordesekimab 

The
nonclinical development of ordesekimab consisted of a series of in vitro studies demonstrating the binding properties of ordesekimab against
human IL-15; in vitro and in vivo studies providing proof-of-concept for the benefit of blocking the IL-15 pathway in celiac
disease; and a series of GLP studies evaluating the nonclinical safety profile of Hu714MuXHu, the ordesekimab surrogate molecule which is
active in macaques. 

Pharmacology 

Ordesekimab
was found to be efficacious in a mouse model of celiac disease triggered by the transgenic expression of human IL-15 in the gut epithelium.
In this model, ordesekimab prevented IEL activation and proliferation, as well as histological abnormalities. In addition, ordesekimab was able
to induce apoptosis of human IELs in ex vivo culture of small intestinal explants from active celiac disease and RCD-II patients.
In this culture experiment, ordesekimab resulted in a suppression of IL-15-driven anti-apoptotic signaling via JAK3 and STAT5. 

Toxicology 

In
vitro studies demonstrated that ordesekimab had high binding affinity for human IL-15, but lower affinity for macaque IL-15. Additionally,
ordesekimab neutralized human IL-15 but did not efficiently neutralize macaque IL-15. To enable preclinical and toxicology studies in macaques,
a surrogate antibody, Hu714MuXHu, was developed by Amgen by fusing the F(ab) portion of a mouse anti-human IL-15 mAb known to neutralize
macaque IL-15, M111, with human IgG1 Fc. Hu714MuXHu was shown to neutralize macaque IL-15 with approximately the same potency as ordesekimab
neutralizes human IL-15. 

27 

There
was a decrease in NK cell counts and NK cell activity following administration of Hu714MuXHu to monkeys, reflecting a PD response to
IL-15 blockade in this species, given the known role of IL-15 in NK cell biology in animal models (rodents and non-human primates). Of
note, no changes in absolute or relative numbers of NK cells were observed in any of the human studies. This difference between observations
in preclinical studies and clinical trials appears related to a differential sensitivity of human versus cynomolgus monkey NK cells to
IL-15 deprivation. Human NK cells are not dependent on IL-15 for their survival, possibly due to the redundant role of IL-2 on human
NK cells. 

Pharmacokinetics
of ordesekimab 

The
PK of ordesekimab was consistent with a typical human immunoglobulin G1 antibody with no apparent target-mediated disposition within the
investigated dosing range. The mean half-life in human studies has been 20 to 22 days, potentially enabling monthly dosing. 

There
was no development of anti-drug antibodies to ordesekimab in healthy volunteers, patients with psoriasis or patients with refractory celiac
disease. Only one RA patient in the phase 2b study was positive for anti-drug antibodies. Approximately 14 of patients with celiac disease
developed anti-drug antibodies in the Phase 2a clinical trial, with an additional 10 presenting pre-existing anti-drug antibodies, a
reflection of the abnormal antibody responses which characterize celiac disease. The anti-drug antibodies were not associated with injection
reactions or adverse events, and they were non-neutralizing, with no impact on PK. 

Proof
of Mechanism for ordesekimab and Prior Clinical Evaluation 

Ordesekimab
was initially developed for RA in two small Phase 1 and 2 studies with approximately 200 patients with moderate-to-severe disease. Although
ordesekimab missed the primary endpoint in the Phase 2 study at week 14, the results were significant at weeks 12 and 16, establishing proof-of-concept.
Approximately 60 of patients with active RA in both Phase 1 and Phase 2 studies versus approximately 30 of patients in the placebo
groups demonstrated a response to treatment as measured by the American College of Rheumatology 20 improvement score (ACR 20) at 8 and
12 weeks, respectively. Ordesekimab also led to decreases in RA inflammatory biomarkers such as C-reactive protein and erythrocyte sedimentation
rate. Ordesekimab was not effective in psoriasis in a small Phase 1 study, suggesting ordesekimab s action is selective, unlike that of
broad systemic immune suppressants. 

Upon
gluten challenge in a Phase 2 clinical trial in celiac disease (CELIM-NRCD-001), ordesekimab did not prevent gluten-induced architectural
mucosal injury, and thus missed the primary endpoint, yet the high dose of ordesekimab, 300 mg, showed statistically significant attenuation
of gluten s effects on the change from baseline in intestinal inflammation, in patient-reported symptom questionnaires (the Celiac
Disease Patient Reported Endpoint, CeD PRO, a registrational endpoint in NRCD) and in diarrhea, compared with placebo. The totality of
the results from the patients who had gluten challenge indicate that 300 mg ordesekimab (formerly AMG 714) given every two weeks can ameliorate
the inflammation and symptoms caused by substantial gluten exposure, the first demonstration of such dual benefit in intestinal inflammation
and symptoms for any experimental medication for celiac disease. The results suggest that ordesekimab can be a potential adjunctive treatment
for NRCD to the GFD to ameliorate or resolve persistent inflammation seen in the majority of celiac patients already on GFD. 

28 

Summary
data of the Phase 2a clinical trial as presented at Digestive Disease Week in June 2018 is shown below: 

The CELIM-NRCD-001 study included 62 randomized celiac patients on a gluten-free
diet, of which 49 patients underwent a substantial gluten challenge of 2.5 grams per day for 10 weeks in order to assess the ability of
ordesekimab to ameliorate the effects of gluten. Upon gluten challenge, ordesekimab did not prevent gluten-induced architectural mucosal
changes, the primary endpoint in the study. However, in secondary efficacy assessments, the ordesekimab 300 mg dose consistently attenuated
the effects of gluten in intestinal inflammation (intraepithelial lymphocyte density, p=0.03), and in gastrointestinal symptoms as measured
by three independent endpoints: the Celiac Disease Patient Reported Endpoint (CeD-PRO, p=0.02), the Celiac Disease Gastrointestinal Symptom
Rating Scale (CeD-GSRS, p=0.07) and the Bristol Stool Form Scale (BSFS/diarrhea, p=0.0002). The CeD-PRO is a validated endpoint acceptable
for registrational trials. In addition, patients in the ordesekimab 300 mg arm had a significantly improved Physician Global Assessment
of disease (PGA, p=0.03). The totality of the results demonstrated proof-of-concept for ordesekimab 300 mg given subcutaneously every
two weeks in the amelioration of inflammation and symptoms caused by the consumption of gluten by celiac patients. Importantly, ordesekimab
was well tolerated, and only 14 of patients developed anti-drug antibodies, which were non-neutralizing and not correlated with impact
of efficacy or safety. The PK profile was consistent with a monoclonal antibody, and potentially enables future monthly dosing. 

In the Phase 2a clinical trial in RCD-II (CELIM-RCD-002), the primary endpoint (reduction in intestinal IELs) was
not achieved, yet ordesekimab showed statistically significant benefit over placebo in reducing T cell receptor clonality (no increase
in clonality with ordesekimab) and symptoms (diarrhea). Other endpoints, such as histology, did not reach statistically significant differences
between groups, but the results consistently favored ordesekimab numerically. Ordesekimab was generally well tolerated, with no observed
immunogenicity. A 5-year follow-up of a subset of patients in the CELIM-RCD-002 trial presented at a scientific conference in 2022 showed
long-term benefit of treatment with ordesekimab in RCD-II, with reduction in disease activity and clinical improvement compared to patients
who received placebo in the trial. 

Current Clinical Development Program 

Phase 2b Clinical
Trial of ordesekimab in Celiac Disease (PROACTIVE Study) 

We and our partner Amgen conducted
chronic toxicology studies in 2019 and early 2020. In August 2020, we initiated the PROACTIVE study (PROvention Amgen Celiac ProtecTIVE
Study), a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel-group, multicenter Phase 2 clinical trial in adult patients with NRCD.
Ordesekimab will be administered every two weeks via subcutaneous route for six months. The hypothesis of this study is that ordesekimab
will be superior to the GFD at intercepting the effects of contaminating gluten exposure in celiac patients following a GFD, as measured
by symptoms and objective signs of intestinal inflammation after 24 weeks of treatment. Approximately 220 subjects are planned to be enrolled.
Due to the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on certain aspects of medical care during the pandemic, such as a temporary halting of elective
endoscopy procedures, lack of prioritization of chronic life-threatening conditions and reduced exposure to gluten due to reductions of
travel and dining out, we are experiencing enrollment delays that have extended the enrollment target. We now expect to report top line
results from the Phase 2b PROACTIVE study by the end of 2023. 

29 

Summary
of clinical trials 

Study
 Number (Phase; Sponsor) 
 
 Key
 Design Features 
 
 Dose
 Route, Duration 
 
 Study
 Population 
 
 Hx-IL15-001 
 (Phase
 1; 
 Genmab) 
 
 Double-blind,
 placebo-controlled, single SC infusion, dose escalation, study with open-label, repeat-dose (4 weekly doses) follow-up 
 
 Initial
 single dose: 0 or 0.15 to 8 mg/kg SC infusion 
 Repeated
 dose: 0.5 to 4 mg/kg SC infusion once weekly for four weeks. five doses over eight weeks 
 
 30
 subjects with RA 

20030210 
 (Phase
 2; 
 Genmab/
 Amgen) 
 
 Double-blind,
 placebo-controlled, multiple SC infusion, parallel-group, multicenter study 
 
 0
 or 40 to 280 mg SC infusion dose every two weeks for 12 weeks with initial 200 loading dose 
 
 180
 subjects with RA 

20050193 
 (Phase
 1; 
 Amgen) 
 
 Double-blind,
 placebo-controlled, single SC or IV doses, dose-escalation study 
 
 SC
 doses: 0, 30, 100, 300 or 700 mg (cohorts 1 to 4) IV dose: 0 or 100 mg (cohort 5) 
 
 40
 healthy subjects 

20060349 
 (Phase
 1b/2a; Amgen) 
 
 Double-blind,
 placebo-controlled, multiple SC doses, dose-escalating study 
 
 0
 or 150 mg SC (cohort 1) 
 0
 or 300 mg SC (cohort 2) 
 Every
 two weeks for 12 weeks 
 
 22
 subjects with moderate to severe psoriasis 

CELIM-NRCD-001
 (Phase 2a; Celimmune) 
 
 Double-blind,
 placebo- controlled, SC, parallel group, multicenter study 
 
 0,
 150 mg or 300 mg ordesekimab once every two weeks for six consecutive doses over ten weeks 
 
 63
 subjects with NRCD 

CELIM-RCD-002
 (Phase 2a; Celimmune) 
 
 Double-blind,
 placebo controlled IV infusion, parallel group, multicenter study 
 
 0
 or 8 mg/kg IV, a total of seven times over ten weeks 
 
 24
 subjects with Type II refractory celiac disease 

Safety
of ordesekimab 

Approximately
250 subjects have been exposed to ordesekimab to date in completed studies, including approximately 200 subjects for 12 weeks of biweekly dosing. In all
studies to date, ordesekimab was generally well tolerated by healthy volunteers, patients with active RA, and patients with celiac
disease or RCD-II. While ordesekimab has the potential, to increase susceptibility to infections as is the case with immune modulators,
ordesekimab has not demonstrated this effect in the six clinical trials completed to date. No deaths or clinically significant changes
in laboratory parameters were observed, including no NK cell depletion. 

The only adverse events clearly increased in ordesekimab-treated patients
have been injection site reactions, which were more commonly reported in subjects exposed to ordesekimab, in a dose-dependent fashion
(up to ~52 on ordesekimab vs ~26 in placebo in the celiac Phase 2a clinical trial), and nasopharyngitis (most cases with suspected allergic
origin at a single site in RCD-II). In the population which will be studied in Phase 2b, celiac disease, there were no SAEs in the Phase
2a clinical trial, while there were six SAEs (five on ordesekimab and one on placebo) in the RCD-II, a much sicker patient population
with immune suppression at baseline. Of the five SAE on ordesekimab in RCD-II patients, two were infections (both resolved while on ordesekimab).
There was one mild balance disorder (considered unlikely to be related to ordesekimab and resolved while on the drug). Another patient
had mild cerebellar syndrome which led to discontinuation from the study. 

PRV-101
for Acute Infection and T1D 

PRV-101
is a polyvalent inactivated prophylactic CVB vaccine candidate targeting all five key CVB serotypes associated the development of T1D,
intended to prevent acute CVB infection and the development of CVB-induced T1D and celiac autoimmunity. Based on epidemiological and
pre-clinical study data to date, we believe that, if successful, PRV-101 may prevent up to 50 of T1D cases and up to 20 of celiac cases.
Preclinical studies completed to date by Vactech and replicated independently by us demonstrate that CVB triggers diabetes in animal
models of T1D and that vaccination against CVB protects mice from acute infection as well as prevents the onset of diabetes triggered
by CVB infection. Interim results in normal adult healthy volunteers, which we disclosed in a press release in October 2021, showed that
in this study PRV-101 was well tolerated and elicited high titers of virus neutralizing antibodies, in a dose dependent fashion in healthy
volunteers, against all CVB serotypes included in the vaccine, thus supporting further development of this vaccine. 

30 

CVB
Infection Market 

Enteroviruses
are responsible for an estimated ten to 15 million symptomatic infections in the United States annually. CVB contributes to a major part
of the healthcare costs of enteroviruses as they cause the most serious complications and are among the most frequently reported enteroviral
infections according to the CDC. Acute CVB infection is usually asymptomatic or causes common cold-type symptoms. It often also leads
to a febrile illness associated by rash, hand-foot-mouth disease and/or mild GI distress. However, CVB infections also cause more severe
manifestations including pericarditis, myocarditis, meningitis and pancreatitis. 

Myocarditis:
 CVB is the most common etiologic agents for myocarditis in the Western world, responsible for up to 33 of cases of myocarditis.
 Myocarditis is an important cause of sudden unexpected death: the prevalence of myocarditis in children and adolescents leading to
 sudden unexpected death has been reported to be as high as 8 to 42 . In certain individuals, acute myocarditis progresses to chronic
 myocarditis and dilated cardiomyopathy, which is a severe life-threatening condition. 

Otitis
 media: otitis media (middle ear inflammation) may develop in patients with upper respiratory disease caused by enterovirus.
 Otitis media constitutes 18 of physician visits in the United States (largest single reason in children). The costs of otitis media
 treatment in the United States were estimated to be approximately 3 billion in 2014. 

Meningitis:
 CVB is a common cause of enteroviral meningitis. Meningitis beyond the neonatal period is characterized by the sudden onset
 of fever of 38-40 C. Headache and photophobia are almost universally reported in these patients. Reports on the incidence of
 viral meningitis vary from approximately 50,000 hospitalized cases to over 2 million cases of aseptic meningitis per year. Based
 on 300,000 annual cases of aseptic meningitis in the United States (of which enteroviruses, and coxsackie viruses in particular,
 are the most common cause), the economic impact is estimated to be 1.5 billion in direct costs alone. 

Overview
of CVB Infection of the Pancreas, T1D and PRV-101 s Mechanism of Action 

Longitudinal
studies of more than 200,000 children studied for up to two decades in Finland by our technology licensor, Vactech, and its collaborators DIPP Study ), identified CVB infection as a likely environmental trigger in the onset of T1D autoimmunity and T1D-associated CD autoimmunity. Subsequent full-virome analysis of the TEDDY Study (400,000 children international study)
confirmed that CVB is the only virus whose persistent infection is associated with the development of T1D and celiac disease autoimmunity
(T1D-associated and also independent of T1D). 

31 

CVB
infection is very common and is responsible for various symptoms and complications ranging from mild respiratory disease, gastrointestinal
disturbances and hand-foot-mouth disease to life-threatening cardiomyopathy and meningitis. However, in patients with a certain genetic
background, CVB appears responsible for the development of autoimmunity. The T1D association with CVB infection has been observed in
independent cohorts in 15 countries, including in North America, Europe and Australasia. These epidemiological observations have been
substantiated by biological experimentation. Insulin-producing beta cells in the pancreas express specialized receptors associated with
the transport, storage and release of insulin. These receptors appear to be used by CVB to preferentially infect these cells and polymorphism
in these receptors are associated with development of T1D autoimmunity. Infection by enteroviruses can be detected in the pancreatic
beta cells of approximately 60 of T1D patients and in the gut of most patients with T1D-associated CD. Importantly, if mothers have
anti-CVB immunity at the time of the pregnancy, a 50 reduction in the onset of T1D autoimmunity (T1D-associated auto-antibodies) has
been observed in their offspring, presumably due to protection by maternal antibodies passed on to the fetus. This observation strongly
suggests the potential efficacy of CVB vaccination for children and/or mothers, resulting in the development of protective antibodies
potentially capable of preventing or delaying the onset of T1D. 

An
analysis of stool samples collected from these individuals identified enterovirus infections prior to the first detection of T1D auto-antibodies.
Enterovirus RNA was also detected in stool samples. Examination of antibodies present in DIPP children who developed at least two islet
cell auto-antibodies (sign of early T1D) and/or progressed to clinical T1D confirmed that among all enteroviruses, only CVB was significantly
associated with initiation of beta cell autoimmunity. 

Enterovirus
RNA in Blood is Linked to the Development of T1D 

 OR:
odd ratio; CI: confidence interval; EV: enterovirus 

Current Clinical Development Program 

First in Human Phase 1 Clinical Trial
of PRV-101 (PROVENT Study) 

In December 2020, we initiated
the PROVENT (PROtocol for coxsackievirus VaccinE in healthy voluNTeers) study, a first-in-human study of PRV-101. PROVENT is a placebo-controlled,
double-blind, randomized first-in-human study. The study s primary endpoint is the safety of two dose levels of PRV-101 in healthy
adult volunteers provided three administrations with 4-week intervals. Tolerability and immunogenicity were also evaluated. We completed
enrollment in April 2021. 

On March 28, 2022, we announced results from the final analysis of this first-in-human study. In the final analysis,
six months following the last administered dose of the vaccine, PRV-101 met the primary endpoint confirming the tolerability observed
in the previously reported interim analysis, with no treatment-emerging serious adverse events, adverse events of special interest, or
adverse events leading to study drug discontinuation or study withdrawal. The results showed durability of VNT responses. Six months following
the final dosing, the percentage of subjects in the high-dose PRV-101 arm who maintained high titers of VNT were 100 for the majority
of serotypes included in the vaccine and no less than 90 for all serotypes. We are currently exploring partnership opportunities to further
the clinical development of PRV-101. 

Preclinical
Evaluation PRV-101 

Preclinical
Data for PRV-101 

The
mechanism of action and efficacy of PRV-101 is supported by the results of several in vivo studies. Inactivated CVB-based viral vaccines
efficiently protect mice from CVB infections and from viral spread to the pancreas, as seen for CVB1 and CVB3 vaccines. Similar experiments
conducted with a vaccine covering all six CVB serotypes demonstrated that it can induce a strong neutralizing anti-CVB response in mice
and protect the animals against multiple CVB infections from the corresponding live viruses. Independent experiments confirm that CVB
infection can accelerate T1D onset in T1D susceptible NOD (Non-obese diabetic) or SOCS-1-Tg (suppressor of cytokine signaling 1 transgenic)
mice, suggesting that protection from CVB infection would therefore protect against T1D development. This hypothesis has been confirmed
in experiments conducted by the Karolinska Institute (Sweden) and the University of Tampere (Finland), demonstrating that CVB1 and CVB3
vaccines produced by Provention indeed protected SOCS-1-Tg mice against T1D induced by CVB1 and CVB3, respectively. These mice develop
T1D after CVB infection as a consequence of a direct infection of insulin-producing beta cells in the pancreas and the subsequent immune
response against the beta cells, mimicking human T1D. A three-injection vaccination course induced robust neutralizing antibody responses
against CVB1/CVB3 and protected mice from both CVB1/CVB3 infection and CVB1/CVB3-driven T1D. CVB1/CVB3 infection led to a loss of insulin-producing
cells in unvaccinated mice, which also was prevented by the vaccine. These data strongly supported the development of PRV-101 for the
prevention of T1D in humans. 

32 

Formalin-Inactivated
CVB1 Vaccine is effective against CVB1-Induced T1D in a Mouse Model . 

As
seen in the left panel below, CVB1 infection led to loss of insulin-producing cells, and this pathology was completely prevented by the
CVB1 vaccine (right panel). In this experiment, while 50 of unvaccinated mice develop T1D as a consequence of CVB1 infection, all vaccinated
mice were protected (not shown). 

Important
from a safety point of view, the formalin-inactivated CVB1 vaccines did not cause any undesirable effects in the pancreas. There was
no vaccine-induced pancreatic pathological change, islet autoimmunity or diabetes in the vaccinated mice. Similar results were obtained
for Provention-manufactured CVB1 and CVB3 vaccines (not shown). 

Finally,
maternal CVB infection during gestation in mice protects the offspring from CVB infection and subsequent T1D development, presumably
through transfer of specific antibodies from the mother to the fetus, corroborating previous findings in humans in the DIPP study and
further supporting the use of a prophylactic vaccine to protect against CVB-associated-T1D. 

CTA-Enabling
Program to Support FIH Study 

The
CVB vaccine toxicology program to date has consisted of GLP and non-GLP safety and immunogenicity
studies conducted in mice. These studies were designed to identify and characterize potential toxicities associated with PRV-101 treatment,
including those arising from the immune responses induced by the product. They mirrored the administration regimen that is now used in
the PROVENT FIH study, and by the same route of administration. 

Pharmacology
studies have also been conducted to determine the desired composition of the vaccine, leading to successful GMP manufacturing of the
final polyvalent vaccine for clinical trials. 

Significant
Contracts and Agreements Related to Business Operations 

Co-Promotion
Agreement 

On
October 4, 2022, we entered into the Sanofi Co-Promotion Agreement. Pursuant to the Sanofi Co-Promotion Agreement, we appointed Sanofi to co-promote and
conduct certain commercialization activities with respect to TZIELD in the United States on a co-exclusive basis for the treatment to
delay the onset of Stage 3 T1D in adult and pediatric patients aged eight years and older with Stage 2 T1D. We also committed to reimburse
the field force-related expenses and certain other allowable expenses that Sanofi will incur in connection with commercializing TZIELD
under the agreement, up to an aggregate cap of 33.0 million, which includes a pre-determined margin on field force-related expenses.
Pursuant to the Sanofi Co-Promotion Agreement, we also granted Sanofi an exclusive, one-time right of first negotiation to obtain exclusive
rights to research, develop and commercialize TZIELD with respect to the treatment or delay of T1D, or any of its root causes throughout
the world, and to manufacture TZIELD in support of such research, development and commercialization (the ROFN in exchange
for a one-time, upfront, non-refundable payment of 20.0 million, and subject to certain retained rights by us to engage in discussions
with third parties with respect to certain transactions Third Party Transactions ). Sanofi may exercise the ROFN until June 30, 2023 (the Initial ROFN Period ), and the Initial ROFN Period may be extended at Sanofi s
election, upon payment of a one-time extension fee, to the later of (i) September 30, 2023, and (ii) 60 days after we deliver to Sanofi
the top-line data for an identified clinical trial sponsored by us (the Data Delivery Date ). Within six months following
the later of the expiration of (x) the Initial ROFN Period, and (y) any extension to the Initial ROFN Period pursuant to the terms of
the Sanofi Co-Promotion Agreement, we may not enter into a Third Party Transaction on terms that are materially less favorable in the
aggregate to us than the most recent terms Sanofi offered, if any, without first permitting Sanofi to execute an agreement with us on
either such terms previously offered by Sanofi or the terms offered by such third party. 

33 

The
activities of the Company and Sanofi under the Sanofi Co-Promotion Agreement in the United States will be overseen by a joint steering
committee composed of representatives from Provention and Sanofi. Under the Sanofi Co-Promotion Agreement, subject to any execution of
a definitive agreement following an exercise of the ROFN, we will retain the right to develop, manufacture, supply and distribute, as
well as determine the commercialization strategy for, TZIELD and will remain responsible for the costs of holding and maintaining regulatory
approval of, reporting adverse events relating to, developing, manufacturing, supplying and distributing TZIELD. The term of the Sanofi
Co-Promotion Agreement expires on December 31, 2023. Subject to specified notice periods and limitations, (a) Sanofi may terminate the
Sanofi Co-Promotion Agreement early if regulatory approval for TZIELD either is not obtained in the United States by December 31, 2022
or is obtained but later withdrawn or we undergoes a change of control with a major biopharmaceutical company with a certain level of
financial resources and (b) either we or Sanofi may terminate the Sanofi Co-Promotion Agreement early if (i) the other party commits
an uncured material breach, (ii) the other party undergoes a bankruptcy event, (iii) there is a material safety event associated with
teplizumab, or (iv) there is a prolonged delay in performance due to a force majeure event. 

Simultaneously,
we and Sanofi also entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Sanofi Securities Purchase Agreement ). Pursuant to
the Sanofi Securities Purchase Agreement, if the BLA submitted to the FDA for the delay of clinical T1D in at-risk individuals is approved
by the FDA, Sanofi has agreed to purchase 35.0 million of our common stock at a purchase price per share equal 140 of the daily volume-weighted
average per share price of the Company s common stock for the five consecutive trading days prior to the closing date. On February 9, 2023, we elected to proceed with the closing of the Sanofi Securities Purchase Agreement, pursuant
to which, on February 10, 2023, Sanofi purchased 2,712,497 shares of our common stock at a purchase price of approximately 12.90 per
share, which was equal to 140 of the daily volume-weighted average price per share of the Company s common stock for the five consecutive
trading days prior to the closing date, for a total investment of 35.0 million. 

License
and Acquisition Agreements 

MacroGenics
Asset Purchase Agreement 

In
May 2018, we entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement (the MacroGenics Asset Purchase Agreement with MacroGenics pursuant
to which we acquired MacroGenics interest in teplizumab. As partial consideration for the MacroGenics Asset Purchase Agreement,
we granted MacroGenics a warrant to purchase 2,162,389 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of 2.50 per share. In July 2019,
these warrants were exercised by MacroGenics on a cashless basis. We are obligated to pay MacroGenics contingent milestone payments totaling
 170.0 million upon the achievement of certain regulatory approval milestones, including 60.0 million which became payable on November
17, 2022 when the FDA approved TZIELD to delay the onset of Stage 3 T1D in adult and pediatric patients aged eight years and older with
Stage 2 T1D. This milestone is for the first indication approved in the United States. In addition, we are obligated to make contingent
milestone payments to MacroGenics totaling 225.0 million upon the achievement of certain sales milestones. We have also agreed to pay
MacroGenics a single-digit royalty on net sales of the product. We have also agreed to pay third-party obligations, including low single-digit
royalties, a portion of which is creditable against royalties payable to MacroGenics, aggregate milestone payments of up to approximately
 0.7 million and other consideration, for certain third-party intellectual property under agreements we assumed pursuant to the MacroGenics
Asset Purchase Agreement. Further, we are required to pay MacroGenics a low double-digit percentage of certain consideration to the extent
it is received in connection with a future grant of rights to teplizumab by us to a third party. We are obligated to use reasonable commercial
efforts to develop and seek regulatory approval for teplizumab. 

On
November 30, 2022, we entered into Amendment No. 1 to the MacroGenics Asset Purchase Agreement (the MacroGenics
Amendment with MacroGenics. Pursuant to the MacroGenics Amendment, the 60.0 million milestone payment related to the
achievement of FDA approval of TZIELD to delay the onset of Stage 3 T1D in adult and pediatric patients aged eight years and older
with Stage 2 T1D was revised to require the amount to be paid in four equal installments rather than within 90 days of FDA approval.
Under the MacroGenics Amendment, we paid 15.0 million on each of November 30, 2022 and March 1, 2023, and are required to pay
MacroGenics 15.0 million on each of June 1, 2023 and September 1, 2023. 

34 

MacroGenics
License Agreement 

In
May 2018, we entered into a License Agreement with MacroGenics (the MacroGenics License Agreement ), pursuant to which MacroGenics
granted us exclusive global rights for the purpose of developing and commercializing MGD010 (renamed PRV-3279), a humanized protein and
a potential treatment for SLE and other similar diseases. As partial consideration for the MacroGenics License Agreement, we granted
MacroGenics a warrant to purchase 270,299 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of 2.50 per share. In July 2019, these warrants
were exercised by MacroGenics on a cashless basis. We are obligated to make contingent milestone payments to MacroGenics totaling 42.5
million upon the achievement of certain developmental and approval milestones for the first indication, of which we paid 0.4 million
to MacroGenics in April 2022. This payment was triggered upon the enrollment of the first patient in the Phase 2a PREVAIL-2 study. We
are also obligated to make contingent milestone payments totaling 22.5 million upon the achievement of certain regulatory approvals
for a second indication. In addition, we are obligated to make contingent milestone payments to MacroGenics totaling 225.0 million upon
the achievement of certain sales milestones. We have also agreed to pay MacroGenics a single-digit royalty on net sales of the product.
Further, we are required to pay MacroGenics a low double-digit percentage of certain consideration to the extent received in connection
with a future grant of rights to PRV-3279 by us to a third party. In connection with our grant of certain rights for PRV-3279 to Hangzhou
Zhongmei Huadong Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. Huadong under the Huadong License Agreement (as defined below), in May 2021,
we paid 1.1 million to MacroGenics related to qualified consideration, as defined in the MacroGenics License Agreement,
that we received from Huadong. See below for further description of the Huadong License Agreement. 

We
are obligated to use commercially reasonable efforts to develop and seek regulatory approval for PRV-3279. The license agreement may
be terminated by either party upon a material breach or bankruptcy of the other party, by us without cause upon prior notice to MacroGenics,
and by MacroGenics in the event that we challenge the validity of any licensed patent under the agreement. 

Huadong
License Agreement 

In
February 2021, we entered into a License Agreement with Huadong, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Huadong Medicine Co., Ltd. (the Huadong
License Agreement ), pursuant to which we granted Huadong exclusive rights for the purpose of developing and commercializing PRV-3279,
a DART (bispecific antibody-based molecule) targeting the B cell surface proteins CD32B and CD79B, in Greater China (mainland China,
Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan). We will retain exclusive worldwide rights to develop PRV-3279 for combination uses to reduce the immunogenicity
of biotherapeutics, but Huadong will have the exclusive right to distribute PRV-3279 in that field in Greater China. In consideration
of the license and other rights granted as part of the Huadong License Agreement, we received an upfront payment of 6.0 million and
will receive up to 11.5 million in research, development and manufacturing funding over the next three years, of which 5.5 million
was received as of December 31, 2022. If Huadong successfully develops, obtains regulatory approval for, and commercializes PRV-3279
in Greater China, we are eligible to receive up to 37.0 million in regulatory milestones and up to 135.0 million in commercial milestones
based on aggregate net sales in a calendar year in Greater China. If commercialized, we would also be eligible to receive low double-digit
royalties on net sales of PRV-3279 by Huadong in Greater China. The License Agreement may be terminated by either party upon a material
breach or bankruptcy of the other party, by Huadong without cause upon at least 12 months prior notice to us, and by us in the event
Huadong challenges a licensed patent or in the event that our upstream license terminates. We may also terminate the License Agreement
if Huadong ceases commercialization of PRV-3279 for a consecutive period of six months after first commercial sale. We are generally
responsible for the manufacturing of PRV-3279 through regulatory approval in Greater China, and Huadong will exclusively purchase all
clinical and commercial supply requirements of PRV-3279 from us until Huadong exercises its option to assume manufacturing responsibilities,
which may be triggered after regulatory approval in China. We will retain all rights to PRV-3279 in the rest of the world. We recently
initiated a Phase 2a trial of PRV-3279 in systemic lupus erythematosus in January 2022 and are conducting a portion of this trial in
Hong Kong. 

35 

Vactech
License 

In
April 2017, we entered into a License Agreement with Vactech (the Vactech License Agreement ), pursuant to which Vactech
granted us exclusive global rights for the purpose of developing and commercializing the CVB vaccine platform technology. In consideration
of the licenses and other rights granted by Vactech, we issued two million shares of our common stock to Vactech. We recorded the issuance
of the shares at their estimated fair value of approximately 1.70 per share, for a total of 3.4 million as a license fee expense included
as part of research development expense for the year ended December 31, 2017. We paid Vactech a total of approximately 0.5 million
for transition and advisory services during the first 18 months of the term of the agreement. Vactech is obligated to transition its
intellectual property, provide reference samples, assist with the technology transfer to a third-party contract manufacturer, and participate
on our scientific advisory board. In addition, we may be obligated to make a series of contingent milestone payments to Vactech totaling
up to an additional 24.5 million upon the achievement of certain clinical development and regulatory filing milestones, of which we
paid 0.5 million to Vactech in April 2021. This payment was triggered upon the dosing of the first
patient in the Phase 1 PROVENT study, which occurred in January 2021 . In addition, we have agreed to pay Vactech tiered single-digit
royalties on net sales of any approved product based on the CVB platform technology and three additional payments totaling 19.0 million
upon the achievement of certain annual net sales levels. The Vactech License Agreement may be terminated by us on a country by country
basis without cause (in which case the exclusive global rights to the technology will transfer back to Vactech) and by either party upon
a material breach or insolvency of the other party. If we terminate the agreement with respect to two or more specified European countries,
the agreement will be deemed terminated with respect to all of the European Union, and if we terminate the agreement with respect to
the United States, the agreement will be deemed terminated with respect to all of North America. The agreement expires upon the expiration
of our last obligation to make royalty payments to Vactech. 

Amgen
License and Collaboration Agreement 

In
November 2018, we entered into a License and Collaboration Agreement (the Amgen Agreement with Amgen for ordesekimab
(also known as AMG 714), a novel anti-IL-15 monoclonal antibody being developed for the treatment of gluten-free diet NRCD. Under the
terms of the agreement, we will conduct and fund a Phase 2b trial in NRCD and lead the development and regulatory activities for the
program. Amgen agreed to make an equity investment of up to 20.0 million in us, which was completed in September 2019 through the
purchase of 2,500,000 shares of our common stock. Amgen is also responsible for the manufacturing of ordesekimab. Upon completion of the
Phase 2b trial, a 150.0 million milestone payment is due from Amgen to us, plus an additional regulatory milestone payment, and
single digit royalties on future sales; provided, however, that Amgen has the right to elect not to pay the 150.0 million
milestone, in which case we will have an option to negotiate for the transfer to us of rights to AMG 714 pursuant to a termination
license agreement between Amgen and us. The material terms of the termination license agreement have been negotiated and agreed and
form part of the Amgen Agreement. Under the terms of the termination license agreement, we would be obligated to make certain
contingent milestone payments to Amgen and other third parties totaling up to 70.0 million upon the achievement of certain clinical
and regulatory milestones and a low double-digit royalty on net sales of any approved product based on the IL-15 technology. The
agreement may be terminated by either party upon a material breach or upon an insolvency event and by Amgen if we are not able to
fund our clinical development obligations (among other termination triggers). The agreement expires upon the expiration of
Amgen s last obligation to make royalty payments to us. 

AGC
Biologics Agreement 

In
February 2019, we entered into services agreement with AGC Biologics AGC ), to manufacture and supply TZIELD for our anticipated
clinical and commercial supply needs. We may terminate the agreement or any stage of services thereunder with 90 days prior written
notice. If we provide less than 12 months notice of termination for the termination of a scheduled batch, we may incur a cancellation
fee. The amount of the cancellation fee would depend on the timing of such notice. Each party also has the right to terminate the agreement
for other customary reasons such as material breach and bankruptcy. The agreement contains provisions relating to compliance by AGC with
current GMP, cooperation by AGC in connection with marketing applications for TZIELD, indemnification, confidentiality, dispute resolution
and other customary matters for an agreement of this kind. 

Parexel
Services Agreement 

In
February 2019, we entered into a services agreement with Parexel (the Parexel Services Agreement ), pursuant to which we
retained Parexel to perform implementation and management services in connection with the PROTECT study of TZIELD. We may terminate the
services agreement or any work order for any reason and without cause with 90 days written notice. Either party may terminate
the agreement in the event of a material breach or, bankruptcy petition by the other party or, if any approval from a regulatory authority
is revoked, suspended or expires without renewal. 

36 

Intellectual
Property 

We
believe that our current patent applications and any future patents and other proprietary rights that we own, or control through licensing,
are and will be essential to our business. We believe that these intellectual property rights will affect our ability to compete effectively
with others. We also rely and will rely on trade secrets, know-how, continuing technological innovations and licensing opportunities
to develop, maintain and strengthen our competitive position. We seek to protect these, in part, through confidentiality agreements with
certain employees, consultants, advisors and other parties. Our success will depend in part on our ability, and the ability of our licensor,
to obtain, maintain (including making periodic filings and payments) and enforce patent protection for our/their intellectual property,
including those patent applications to which we have secured exclusive rights. 

We
plan to spend considerable resources and focus in the future on obtaining United States and foreign patents. We have and will continue
to actively protect our intellectual property. No assurances can be given that any of our patent applications will result in the issuance
of a patent or that the examination process will not require us to narrow our claims. In addition, any issued patents may be contested,
circumvented, found unenforceable or invalid, and we may not be able to successfully enforce our patent rights against third parties.
No assurance can be given that others will not independently develop a similar or competing technology or design around any patents that
may be issued to us. We intend to expand our international operations in the future and our patent portfolio, copyright, trademark and
trade secret protections may not be available or may be limited in foreign countries. 

TZIELD
(teplizumab-mzwv, anti-CD3 antibody) 

Through
our agreement with MacroGenics, we have acquired a patent portfolio that includes seven issued patents, including two United States patents
and five ex-United States patents in Australia, Israel, Mexico and Singapore. The issued patents are set to expire no earlier than dates
ranging from 2026 and 2028, subject to any disclaimers, patent term adjustments or extensions available under the law. These issued patents
cover use of certain humanized antibodies that bind to CD3 in the treatment of autoimmune disorders, including T1D and RA. 

In
September 2022, US Patent No. 11,434,291 and Japan Patent No. JP7137696 were granted, and these patents should expire in May 2040.
Additional patent applications are pending in 14 countries. We have additionally filed four PCT international patent
applications, three United States non-provisional patent application, six United States provisional patent applications, and
21 ex-United States patent applications directed to various new uses of anti-CD3 antibodies, including teplizumab for the
prevention or delay of clinical T1D, combination therapy as well as new dosing regimens. If issued, patents claiming priority to
these applications will expire no earlier than 2040, subject to any disclaimers, patent term adjustments or extensions available
under the law. 

PRV-101
(CVB vaccine for the prevention of T1D and celiac disease) 

Through our agreement with Vactech, we have a licensed patent portfolio
that includes three issued United States patents, two pending United States patent applications, and 14 patents in various European countries
(i.e., one granted European patent validated in 14 European Patent Convention member states). We also have one pending PCT application
that is co-owned by Vactech and Provention. The issued United Stated patents, the pending United States patent applications, the European
country patents, and the pending PCT application disclose use of a CVB vaccine composition in the prevention or treatment of T1D. 

The
patents issued in the United States and various European countries generally have terms of 20 years from their respective priority filing
dates, subject to available extensions, and are thus set to expire no earlier than 2032, subject to any disclaimers, patent term adjustments
or extensions available under the law. 

PRV-3279
(CD32B/CD79B diabody) 

Through our agreement with MacroGenics, we have licensed a patent portfolio
that includes: i) 206 issued patents, including 16 United States patents, 115 patents in European countries, and 75 patents in other ex-United
States jurisdictions; and ii) 37 pending patent applications, including eight pending United States patent applications, four pending
European patent applications, and 25 pending patent applications in other ex-United States jurisdictions. 

37 

The
patents and patent applications disclose a platform technology for making diabodies, specific anti-CD32B antibodies, specific anti-CD79B
antibodies, specific diabodies that co-ligate both CD32B and CD79B, as well as use of these antibodies and diabodies in treating various
disorders, including cancer, autoimmune disorder, inflammatory disorder, and IgE-mediated allergic disorder. 

The
issued patents in the United States and various ex-United States countries generally have terms of 20 years from their respective priority
filing dates, subject to available extensions, and are thus set to expire no earlier than dates ranging from 2032 and 2034, subject to
any disclaimers, patent term adjustments or extensions available under the law. In the event that the pending patent applications issue
as patents, although there can be no assurance that the patent applications will issue, the patents would be set to expire no earlier
than dates ranging from 2032 and 2037, subject to any disclaimers, patent term adjustments or extensions available under the law. 

We have additionally filed two PCT international patent applications, three
United States non-provisional patent application, and 13 ex-United States patent applications directed to new uses of B cell inhibitors
such as PRV-3279, including the prevention of immunogenicity associated with gene therapy, and treatment of B cell driven autoimmune and/or
allergic diseases, among other things. If issued, patents claiming priority to these applications will expire no earlier than 2040, subject
to any disclaimers, patent term adjustments or extensions available under the law. 

Ordesekimab (anti-IL-15 antibody) 

Through
our agreement with Amgen, we have licensed a patent portfolio that includes: i) 34 issued patents, including eight United States patents,
16 patents in European countries, and 10 patents in other ex-United States jurisdictions; and ii) 19 pending patent applications, including
two pending United States patent applications, one pending European patent application, and 16 pending patent applications in other ex-United
States jurisdictions. 

The
patents and patent applications disclose anti-IL-15 antibodies, methods of using the same, manufacturing conditions and dosages of the
same. 

The
issued patents are set to expire no earlier than dates ranging from 2024 and 2027, subject to any disclaimers or extensions under the
law. In the event that the pending patent applications issue as patents, although there can be no assurance that the patent applications
will issue, the patents would be set to expire no earlier than dates ranging from 2026 and 2037, subject to any disclaimers, patent term
adjustments of extensions available under the law. 

Sales
and Marketing 

We
are a newly commercial stage company, without a history of commercial revenue or marketing experience. Because commercialization is expensive
and time consuming, we have appointed Sanofi to co-promote and conduct certain commercialization activities with respect to TZIELD in
the United States. See the section entitled Significant Contracts and Agreements Related to Business Operations Co-Promotion
Agreement in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

We
also intend to explore multiple commercialization strategies outside the United States, including: 

exploring
 strategic partners for commercialization in markets outside the United States; 

considering
 launching in the U.K. ourselves, depending on ongoing discussions with potential partners ex-United States; 

strategically
 entering into co-development partnership(s) to retain potential for commercialization rights on selected drug candidate(s) and market
 opportunities; and 

We
expect that partnering with pharmaceutical or biotherapeutic companies may accelerate product acceptance into target market areas outside
the United States and gain the sales and marketing advantages of the partner s distribution infrastructure. We intend to continue
to strengthen our market position and solidify our leadership position in immunotherapy by continuing to improve our technology, broadening
our clinical and therapeutic applications, identifying new clinical and therapeutic applications and forming strategic relationships
with our licensors. 

38 

Manufacturing 

We
do not currently own or operate manufacturing facilities for the production of clinical or commercial quantities of TZIELD or our product
candidates. Although we rely and intend to continue to rely upon third party contract manufacturers to produce our products and
product candidates, we have recruited personnel and consultants with experience to manage these third party contract manufacturers.
In certain cases, our collaboration partners for each respective program are responsible for providing clinical drug supply or drug product
for those program s clinical trials. In other cases, we have engaged third-party manufacturers to provide services related to process
development, non-GMP and GMP manufacturing and other related services. 

The
table below lists the third-party responsible for manufacturing drug supply for each of our programs: 

Product
 Candidate 
 
 Supplier 
 
 Party
 Responsible for Costs 

TZIELD 
 
 AGC
 Biologics 
 
 Provention 

PRV-101 
 
 Intravacc 
 
 Provention 

PRV-3279 
 
 Current
 drug supply MacroGenics 
 Future
 drug supply vendors being evaluated 
 
 Provention 
 Provention 

Ordesekimab 
 
 Amgen 
 
 Amgen 

In
February 2019, we entered into an agreement with AGC Biologics to manufacture teplizumab for our anticipated clinical trial needs as
well as for the commercialization of TZIELD. 

Supplies
of TZIELD sufficient to supply our commercial launch and expected demand have been manufactured by our CMOs. In addition, we have sufficient
supply to complete the PROTECT study and our other clinical development needs. 

In
order to maintain regulatory approval for TZIELD, third-party manufacturers will be required to consistently produce TZIELD in commercial
quantities and of specified quality on a repeated basis and document their ability to do so. 

Competition 

We
face substantial competition from well-established large pharmaceutical companies, as well as innovative new entrants. Nevertheless,
we believe our strategic intent is sufficiently differentiated in that we are focusing on intercepting or potentially preventing the
onset and progression of immune-mediated and inflammatory diseases by selecting and developing product candidates that are aimed at relevant
and predominantly upstream pathophysiological targets. 

The
symptomatic treatment of T1D is a highly competitive market with large incumbents such as Sanofi, Novo Nordisk and Eli Lilly providing
insulin and Medtronic, Abbott, and Dexcom providing blood glucose monitoring products and many working on new ways to manage the disease.
Our goal is to delay or prevent the onset of T1D and spare patients the need to live with blood glucose monitoring and daily insulin
injections and the many complications and clinically relevant shortfalls of this therapy. We believe our enteroviral vaccine approach
is unique in that it aims to prevent the onset of T1D prior to the rise of immune cells and auto-antibodies programmed to attack insulin
producing beta cells. We are aware of competitive vaccine technologies in development that are attempting to alter the autoimmune cycle
once these auto-antibodies have been detected. However, we believe our vaccine approach may intercept the process prior to this cycle
being initiated (primary prevention). There is at this time no other CVB vaccine in clinical development. 

We
believe, our secondary prevention (i.e., interception) approach with TZIELD is more advanced and differentiated from other immunomodulation
therapies which have shown preservation of beta cell function in early phase studies of newly diagnosed onset T1D including anti-thymocyte
globulin (ATG), CTLA4-Ig (costimulatory blocker), anti-CD20 (Rituxan) and LFA3-Ig (alefacept). All of these Phase 2 studies were conducted
by the academic community or by T1D networks and do not appear to be in active Phase 3 development by industry sponsors. The most recent
data were reported with thymoglobulin which is an approved anti-thymocyte globulin obtained by immunization of rabbits with human thymocytes
and is indicated for the treatment of renal transplant acute rejection in conjunction with concomitant immunosuppression and for induction
in adult renal transplant recipients. Low dose ATG was administered intravenously for 2 days in early onset T1D (within 100 days of diagnosis).
While C-peptide preservation was observed, due to the risk of serum sickness, ATG was administered during a 2-3 day hospitalization and
required pre-medication, including intravenous corticosteroids. In January 2020, a Phase 3 trial in newly diagnosed T1D patients with
ladarixin (Dompe) an interleukin-8 inhibitor, was announced on the basis of post-hoc results in a subset of patients after the drug failed
to improve C-peptide in Phase 2a. Importantly, TZIELD is the only drug approved for the prevention/delay of clinical T1D in Stage 2 T1D
patients, and no other pivotal studies are on-going in this indication. 

39 

Ordesekimab has the potential to be the first drug ever approved for CD since it is one of the few experimental
candidates which have shown simultaneous improvement in gluten-induced symptoms and gut inflammation, and since most clinical-stage products
are early in development and have not established proof-of-concept. There is another anti-IL-15 mAb in clinical development, CALY002 by
Calypso, currently in Phase 1, and a new IL-15/IL-21-targeting peptide, EQ102 by Equilium, initiating Phase 1. Potential additional competition
includes the recent initiation of a Phase 1b study with the marketed psoriasis anti-IL-23 mAb guselkumab (TREMFYA, Janssen), and experimental
medications in Phase 2b development by: ImmunogenX (IMGX-003/latiglutenase), Takeda/Zedira/Dr. Falk (TAK1227), and Takeda TAK-062. Earlier
experimental candidates in development include Takeda s TAK-101 (in Phase 1b/2a) and Anokion s KAN-101. 

The
market for lupus is currently led by large pharmaceutical companies commercializing older, off-patent products such as steroids,
immunosuppressive agents including azathioprine, cyclosphosphamide, cyclosporine and mycophenolate. In addition, Glaxo SmithKline GSK and Roche offer B cell-targeted agents. GSK received approval for belimumab (Benlysta) in 2011, the first drug
approval in lupus in 50 years. Despite modest efficacy and slow onset of effect, belimumab s annual sales are currently
approximately 1.2 billion and are expected to continue to grow following the December 2020 approval in lupus nephritis. Roche s
rituximab (Rituxan), a blockbuster drug, is used off-label in lupus despite not having been approved in SLE. The calcineurin
inhibitor voclosporin (Aurinia Pharmaceuticals) was approved for lupus nephritis in January 2021. Anifrolumab (SAPHNELO, Astra
Zeneca) is a type 1 interferon receptor mAb approved in July 2021. The lupus field is competitive and new experimental drugs are
being tested in late-stage trials by large pharmaceutical companies and early to mid-stage biotech companies. We expect that
PRV-3279 will be differentiated from the B cell-focused competition because of greater and faster-onset efficacy, better safety
(PRV-3279 does not deplete B cells and is not expected to be immune-suppressive), and less side effects (since PRV-3279 is a highly
specific mAb with likely minimal off-target side effects). 

There
are no drugs approved for the prevention of the immunogenicity of biotherapeutics, and rituximab is occasionally used off-label in gene
therapy. Experimental medications are being tested in Phase 1-2 by Selecta Biosciences and Hansa Biopharma. 

Government
Regulation 

Our
business activities, including the manufacturing, research, development and marketing of TZIELD and our product candidates, are subject
to extensive regulation by numerous governmental authorities in the United States, the European Union, the United Kingdom and other countries.
Before marketing in the United States, the European Union, or the United Kingdom, any new drug developed by us or our collaborators must
undergo rigorous preclinical testing, clinical trials and an extensive regulatory clearance process implemented by the FDA, EMA or MHRA,
respectively. The process for obtaining regulatory approval and compliance with applicable federal, state, supranational, domestic and
local laws and regulations requires the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources. Government and private payor coverage
and reimbursement policies will both directly and indirectly impact our ability to successfully commercialize any future approved products,
and such coverage and reimbursement policies will be impacted by applicable future healthcare and drug pricing initiatives. In addition,
in the United States, we are subject to state and federal laws, including, among others, anti-kickback laws, false claims laws, data
privacy and security laws, and transparency laws that restrict certain business practices in the pharmaceutical industry. We are also
subject to equivalent legislation in the other countries where we perform our business activities. 

40 

Regulation
of Drugs and Biologics 

In
the United States, the FDA regulates human drugs under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act FDCA and in the case
of biologics, also under the Public Health Service Act PHSA and their implementing regulations. In the European
Union, the EMA primarily regulates human drugs under Directive 2001/83/EC, Regulation (EU) 726/2004, and associated legislation, as
amended from time to time. In the United Kingdom, the MHRA primarily regulates human drugs under the Human Medicines Regulations
2012/1916 and associated legislation. In their respective jurisdictions, the FDA, EMA and MHRA regulate, among other things, the
development, testing, manufacture, safety, efficacy, record keeping, packaging, labeling, storage, approval, advertising, promotion,
import, export, sale and distribution of biopharmaceutical products. 

The
process required by the FDA before a drug or biologic may be marketed in the United States generally involves the following: 

completion
 of preclinical laboratory tests, animal studies and formulation studies according to GLP regulations or other applicable regulations; 

submission
 to the FDA of an Investigational New Drug Application IND ), which must become effective before human clinical trials
 may begin; 

approval
 by an independent institutional review board IRB or ethics committee at each clinical trial site before each clinical
 trial may be initiated; 

performance
 of adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials in accordance with applicable IND regulations, good clinical practices GCPs ),
 and other clinical-trial related regulations to evaluate the safety and efficacy of the investigational product for each proposed
 indication; 

preparation
 and submission to the FDA of a New Drug Application NDA or BLA requesting marketing approval for one or more proposed
 indications, including payment of application user fees; 

acceptance
 of the NDA or BLA for filing and review by the FDA; 

review
 of the NDA or BLA by an FDA advisory committee, where applicable; 

satisfactory
 completion of one or more FDA inspections of the manufacturing facility or facilities at which the drug or biologic is produced to
 assess compliance with GMP requirements to assure that the facilities, methods and controls are adequate to preserve the product s
 identity, strength, quality and purity; 

satisfactory
 completion of any FDA audits of the non-clinical and clinical trial sites to assure compliance with GCPs and the integrity of the
 clinical data submitted in support of the NDA or BLA; and 

FDA
 review and approval of the NDA or BLA, which may be subject to additional post-approval requirements, including the potential requirement
 to implement a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy REMS ), and any post-approval studies required by the FDA. 

Equivalent
processes are in place in the European Union and the United Kingdom. The key features of the approval processes in Europe are as follows: 

prior
 to any clinical trial commencing, a clinical trial authorization CTA must be obtained from the national competent
 authority NCA of each country in which the clinical trial will be conducted and new legislation has recently entered
 into application in the European Union which, subject to transition periods, will streamline this process; 

prior
 to any clinical trial commencing, a favorable opinion of a research ethics committee REC in each country in which
 the clinical trial will be conducted must be obtained; 

in
 relation the European Union and United Kingdom respectively, preparation and submission to the EMA through the Centralized procedure
 which is mandatory for medicinal products developed by means of biotechnological processes and MHRA of an MAA requesting marketing approval for one or more proposed indications, including payment of application
 user fees; 

in
 relation the European Union, following a successful review of the MAA, the EMA will issue an opinion on the approvability of the
 MAA to the European Commission, who will then decide whether to issue the marketing authorization MA in a binding
 decision; and in relation to the United Kingdom, following a successful review of the MAA, the MHRA will act on behalf of the Licensing
 Authority to issue an MA. 

41 

Nonclinical
and Clinical Development 

Before
testing any drug product candidates in humans, the product candidate intended for human use must undergo rigorous laboratory and animal
testing until adequate proof of safety is established. This preclinical testing generally involves laboratory evaluations of drug chemistry,
formulation and stability, as well as in vitro and animal studies, to assess the potential for adverse events and in some cases to establish
a rationale for therapeutic use. In the United States, the conduct of preclinical studies is subject to federal regulations and requirements,
including GLP regulations for safety and toxicology studies, and equivalent rules apply in the European Union and United Kingdom. The
sponsor must submit the results of the preclinical studies, together with manufacturing information, analytical data, any available clinical
data or literature and a proposed clinical protocol, to the FDA as part of the IND, and to the NCAs of the European Union member states
and the MHRA (as applicable) as part of their respective CTA application procedures. An IND is a request for authorization from the FDA
to administer an investigational product to humans and must become effective before human clinical trials may begin. An IND automatically
becomes effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA, unless before that time, the FDA raises concerns or questions related to one or more
proposed clinical trials and places the trial on clinical hold. In such a case, the IND sponsor and the FDA must resolve any outstanding
concerns before the clinical trial can begin. As a result, submission of an IND may not result in the FDA allowing clinical trials to
commence. Equivalent processes apply in the NCAs of the European Union member states and the MHRA. 

The
clinical stage of development involves the administration of the investigational product to healthy volunteers or patients under the
supervision of qualified investigators, in accordance with GCP requirements, which include the requirement that all patients provide
their informed consent for their participation in any clinical trial. Clinical trials are conducted under protocols detailing the objectives
of the study, inclusion and exclusion criteria, the parameters to be used in monitoring the safety and effectiveness criteria to be evaluated.
Each protocol, as well as any subsequent amendments, must be submitted to the FDA as part of the IND, and to the NCAs of the European
Union member states and the MHRA (as applicable) as part of their respective CTA application procedures. Additionally, in the United
States, each clinical trial and its related documentation, including the trial protocol and informed consent form, must be reviewed and
approved by an IRB for each institution at which the clinical trial will be conducted to ensure that the risks to individuals participating
in the clinical trials are minimized and are reasonable in relation to anticipated benefits. In Europe, the process involves the review
of equivalent documents by a REC in each country in which the clinical trial will be conducted. In the United States, some clinical trials
are also overseen by an independent group of qualified experts organized by the clinical trial sponsor, known as a data safety monitoring
board or committee. This group may recommend continuation of the study as planned, changes in study conduct, or cessation of the study
at designated checkpoints based on access to certain data from the study. 

Clinical
trials for new product candidates are then typically conducted in humans in three sequential phases that may overlap. Phase 1 trials
involve the initial introduction of the product candidate into a small number of healthy human volunteers or disease-affected patients
who are initially exposed to a single dose and then multiple doses of the product candidate. The emphasis of Phase 1 trials is on testing
for safety or adverse events, dosage, tolerance, metabolism, distribution, excretion and clinical pharmacology. Phase 2 involves studies
in a limited patient population to determine the initial efficacy of the compound for specific targeted indications, to determine dosage
tolerance and optimal dosage, and to identify possible adverse side effects and safety risks. Once a compound shows evidence of effectiveness
and is found to have an acceptable safety profile in Phase 2 evaluations, Phase 3 trials are undertaken to more fully evaluate clinical
outcomes. Phase 3 clinical trials generally involve a large number of patients at multiple sites and are designed to provide the data
necessary to demonstrate the effectiveness of the product for its intended use, its safety in use and to establish the overall benefit/risk
relationship of the product and provide an adequate basis for product labeling. Post-approval trials, sometimes referred to as Phase
4 clinical trials, may be conducted after initial marketing approval. These trials are used to gain additional experience from the treatment
of patients in the intended therapeutic indication. In certain instances, the FDA, EMA or MHRA (as applicable) may mandate the performance
of Phase 4 clinical trials as a condition of approval of an NDA, BLA or MAA (as applicable). Failure to exhibit due diligence with regard
to conducting mandatory Phase 4 clinical trials could result in withdrawal of approval for products. 

During
the development of a new drug or biological product, sponsors have the opportunity to meet with the FDA at certain points, including
prior to submission of an IND, at the end of phase 2, and before submission of an NDA or BLA. These meetings can provide an opportunity
for the sponsor to share information about the data gathered to date, for the FDA to provide advice, and for the sponsor and the FDA
to reach agreement on the next phase of development. In the European Union and the United Kingdom, scientific advice can be sought from
regulators to guide product development. Regulatory authorities, IRBs, RECs and Data Monitoring Committees may require additional data
before allowing clinical trials to commence, continue or proceed from one phase to another, and could demand that studies be discontinued
or suspended at any time if there are significant safety issues. Progress reports detailing the results of the clinical trials must be
submitted at least annually to the FDA and more frequently if serious adverse events occur. The FDA, NCAs of the European Union member
states and/or MHRA or the sponsor may suspend or terminate a clinical trial at any time on various grounds, including a finding that
the research subjects or patients are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk. Similarly, an IRB can suspend or terminate approval
of a clinical trial at its institution if the clinical trial is not being conducted in accordance with the clinical protocol, GCP, or
other IRB requirements or if the drug has been associated with unexpected serious harm to patients. 

42 

In
the United States, information about certain clinical trials, including details of the protocol and eventually study results, also must
be submitted within specific time frames to the National Institutes of Health for public dissemination on the Clinicaltrials.gov data
registry. In the European Union, this information must be posted on the European Union Clinical Trials Register, and in the United Kingdom, it must
be posted on a publicly accessible database. 

Concurrent
with clinical trials, companies usually complete additional animal studies and must also develop additional information about the physical
characteristics of the drug or biologic and finalize a process for manufacturing the product in commercial quantities in accordance with
GMP requirements. The manufacturing process must be capable of consistently producing quality batches of the product candidate and, among
other things, the manufacturer must develop methods for testing the identity, strength, quality, potency and purity of the final drug
or biological product. For biological products in particular, the PHSA emphasizes the importance of manufacturing control for products
whose attributes cannot be precisely defined in order to help reduce the risk of the introduction of adventitious agents. Additionally,
appropriate packaging must be selected and tested, and stability studies must be conducted to demonstrate that the product candidate
does not undergo unacceptable deterioration over its shelf life. 

Generating
the required data and information for regulatory approval takes many years and requires the expenditure of substantial resources. Following
completion of the required testing, the results of the nonclinical studies and clinical trials, along with information relating to the
product s chemistry, manufacturing, and controls and proposed labeling, are submitted to, in relation to the United States, the
FDA as part of an NDA or BLA, and in relation to the European Union and the United Kingdom, the EMA and MHRA respectively as part of
an MAA, requesting approval to market the product for one or more indications. To support marketing approval, the data submitted must
be sufficient in quality and quantity to establish the safety and efficacy of the investigational product in the proposed patient population
to the satisfaction of the FDA, EMA and/or MHRA (as applicable). Under the PDUFA, each NDA or BLA must be accompanied by a user fee,
which for federal fiscal year 2022 is 3,117,218 for an application requiring clinical data. The sponsor of an approved NDA or BLA is
also subject to an annual program fee, which for fiscal year 2022 is 369,413. The FDA adjusts the PDUFA user fees on an annual basis,
but fee waivers or reductions are available in certain circumstances. In the European Union, the MAA must be accompanied by an application
fee, which, as of January 16, 2023, starts at EUR 297,400 for applications concerning a single strength, one pharmaceutical form, and
one presentation. In the United Kingdom, the MAA must be accompanied by an application fee, which, as of January 16, 2023, varies from
GBP 18,473 for MAAs submitted pursuant to the reliance procedure for approval to be granted based on the assessment already carried out
by the EMA, to GBP 92,753 for stand-alone MAAs. 

In
the United States, under applicable laws and FDA regulations, each NDA or BLA submitted for FDA approval is given an internal administrative
review within 60 days following submission of the NDA or BLA. If deemed sufficiently complete to permit a substantive review, the FDA
will accept the NDA or BLA for filing. The FDA can refuse to file any NDA and BLA that it deems incomplete or not properly reviewable.
Once the submission is accepted for filing, the FDA begins an in-depth review of the NDA or BLA. The FDA has established internal goals
of eight months from submission for priority review of NDAs or BLAs that cover product candidates that offer major advances in treatment
or provide a treatment where no adequate therapy exists, and 12 months from submission for the standard review of NDAs and BLAs. However,
the FDA is not legally required to complete its review within these periods, these performance goals may change over time and the review
is often extended by FDA requests for additional information or clarification. 

Before
approving an NDA or BLA, the FDA will typically conduct pre-approval inspections of the facilities at which the product is manufactured
to determine whether the manufacturing processes and facilities are in compliance with GMP requirements and adequate to assure consistent
production of the product within required specifications. The FDA may also audit the clinical trial sponsor and one or more sites at
which clinical trials have been conducted to determine compliance with GCPs and data integrity. Additionally, the FDA may refer any NDA
or BLA, including applications for novel product candidates which present difficult questions of safety or efficacy, to an advisory committee.
Typically, an advisory committee is a panel of independent experts, including clinicians and other scientific experts that reviews, evaluates
and provides a recommendation as to whether the application should be approved and under what conditions. The FDA is not bound by the
recommendation of an advisory committee, but it considers such recommendations when making final decisions on approval. The FDA likely
will re-analyze the clinical trial data, which could result in extensive discussions between the FDA and the applicant during the review
process. 

43 

Before
receiving FDA approval to market a potential product, we or our collaborators must demonstrate through adequate and well-controlled clinical
trials that the potential product is safe and effective in the patient population that will be treated. In addition, under the Pediatric
Research Equity Act PREA ), an NDA or BLA or supplement thereto must contain data to assess the safety and effectiveness
of the drug for the claimed indications in all relevant pediatric subpopulations and to support dosing and administration for each pediatric
subpopulation for which the product is safe and effective. The FDA may grant deferrals for submission of pediatric data or full or partial
waivers of the requirement to provide data from pediatric studies. 

After
the FDA evaluates an NDA or BLA, it will issue an approval letter or a Complete Response Letter. An approval letter authorizes commercial
marketing of the drug or biologic with specific prescribing information for specific indications. A Complete Response Letter indicates
that the review cycle of the application is complete and the application will not be approved in its present form. A Complete Response
Letter usually describes all of the specific deficiencies in the NDA or BLA identified by the FDA. The Complete Response Letter may require
additional clinical data and/or other significant and time-consuming requirements related to clinical trials, preclinical studies or
manufacturing. If a Complete Response Letter is issued, the applicant has one year to either resubmit the NDA or BLA, addressing all
of the deficiencies identified in the letter, or withdraw the application. Even if such data and information are submitted, the FDA may
decide that the NDA or BLA does not satisfy the criteria for approval. Data obtained from clinical trials are not always conclusive and
the FDA may interpret data differently than we interpret the same data. In addition, delays or rejections may be encountered based upon
changes in regulatory policy, regulations or statutes governing product approval during the period of product development and regulatory
agency review. 

If
regulatory approval of a potential product is granted, this approval will be limited to those disease states and conditions for which
the product is approved. Marketing or promoting a drug for an unapproved indication is generally prohibited. Furthermore, FDA approval
may require that contraindications, warnings, or precautions be included in the product labeling and entail ongoing requirements for
risk management, including post-marketing, or Phase 4, studies, testing and surveillance programs, distribution restrictions, and other
post-marketing requirements and commitments. Following approval, many types of changes to the approved product, such as adding new indications,
manufacturing changes and additional labeling claims, are subject to further testing requirements and FDA review and approval and may
require the development of additional data or preclinical studies and clinical trials. 

Any
drug is likely to produce some toxicities or undesirable side effects in animals and in humans when administered at sufficiently high
doses and/or for sufficiently long periods of time. Unacceptable toxicities or side effects may occur at any dose level at any time in
the course of studies in animals designed to identify unacceptable effects of a product candidate, known as toxicological studies, or
during clinical trials of our potential products. The appearance of any unacceptable toxicity or side effect could cause us or regulatory
authorities to interrupt, limit, delay or abort the development of any of our product candidates. Further, such unacceptable toxicity
or side effects could ultimately prevent a potential product s approval by the FDA or foreign regulatory authorities for any or
all targeted indications or limit any labeling claims and market acceptance, even if the product is approved. 

In
addition, as a condition of approval, the FDA may require an applicant to develop a REMS. A REMS uses risk minimization strategies beyond
the professional labeling to ensure that the benefits of the product outweigh the potential risks. To determine whether a REMS is needed,
the FDA will consider the size of the population likely to use the product, seriousness of the disease, expected benefit of the product,
expected duration of treatment, seriousness of known or potential adverse events, and whether the product is a new molecular entity.
REMS can include medication guides, physician communication plans for healthcare professionals, and elements to assure safe use ETASU ).
ETASU may include, but are not limited to, special training or certification for prescribing or dispensing, dispensing only under certain
circumstances, special monitoring, and the use of patient registries. The FDA may require a REMS before approval or post-approval if
it becomes aware of a serious risk associated with use of the product. The requirement for a REMS can materially affect the potential
market and profitability of a product. 

In
the European Union, the assessment of an MAA for a new medicinal product takes up to 210 active days , discounting the procedural
clock-stop periods during the procedure for the applicant to address the list of questions raised by the EMA s advisory committees.
When an MAA is submitted, the rapporteur and co-rapporteur appointed by the EMA s Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use
(the CHMP lead the assessment on the evidence submitted by the applicant for the CHMP to determine the safety, quality
and efficacy of the medicinal product. The CHMP may recommend an inspection to be carried out by a NCA of the European Union member state
to verify the state of compliance of the manufacturing facility and the clinical trial conduct. In parallel, a rapporteur and co-rapporteur
of the EMA s Pharmacovigilance Risk Assessment Committee (the PRAC are appointed to lead the assessment of all aspects
of the applicant s proposed risk management plan (the RMP which describes a set of pharmacovigilance activities
and interventions designed to identify, characterize, prevent or minimize risk relating to the medicinal product under review. 

44 

By
day 210, the CHMP adopts an opinion on the MAA as to whether the medicinal product should be granted a MA. Within 15 days of receipt
of the CHMP s opinion, the applicant can request re-examination of the CHMP s opinion and detailed grounds should be submitted
within 60 days. The re-examination is led by new rapporteurs and must be completed within 60 days from the date of receipt of the detailed
grounds for re-examination for the CHMP s final opinion to be adopted. 

In
relation to the United Kingdom, high quality MAAs can be submitted for an expedited 150-day assessment to be initiated. At least 90 days
prior to the intended MAA submission date, applicants should request a pre-submission meeting from the MHRA. At this meeting, the applicant
will provide a short summary of the dossier and, if necessary, request input on specific issues, such as consideration for an orphan
MA, conditional MA or MA under exceptional circumstances. When the MAA is submitted to the MHRA, the clock will start when the application
is validated for completeness of dossier for the regulatory review to commence. The assessment process involves two phases which are
separated by a clock-off . At Day 80 constituting the Phase 1 of the assessment procedure, matters requiring clarification
will be raised with the applicant as a letter requesting further information RFI ). Applicants must address these matters
within 60 days. Phase 2 of the MAA process begins as soon as the MHRA receives the applicant s responses to the RFIs. By day 150,
the MHRA will provide a decision on approvability of the product. If the MHRA proposes to refuse the grant of the MA, the applicant can
request a review of the decision. 

Any
trade name that we intend to use for a potential product must be approved by the FDA, EMA and/or MHRA (as applicable) irrespective of
whether we have secured a formal trademark registration from the United States Patent and Trademark Office, or equivalent foreign authorities.
The FDA, EMA and MHRA conduct rigorous reviews of proposed product names, and they may reject a product name if they believe, among other
things, that the name inappropriately implies medical claims or if it poses the potential for confusion with other product names. The
FDA will not approve a trade name until the NDA or BLA for a product is approved. If the FDA determines that the trade names of other
products that are approved prior to the approval of our potential products may present a risk of confusion with our proposed trade name,
the FDA may elect to not approve our proposed trade name. If our trade name is rejected, we will lose the benefit of any brand equity
that may already have been developed for this trade name, as well as the benefit of our existing trademark applications for this trade
name. 

We
and our collaborators and contract manufacturers also are required to comply with the applicable GMP regulations. GMP regulations include
requirements relating to quality control and quality assurance as well as the corresponding maintenance of records and documentation.
Manufacturing facilities are subject to inspection by the FDA, EMA, NCAs and MHRA (as applicable). These facilities must be approved
before we can use them in commercial manufacturing of our potential products and must maintain ongoing compliance for commercial product
manufacture. Manufacturers and other entities involved in the manufacture and distribution of approved drugs or biologics are required
to register their establishments with the FDA and certain state agencies and could be subject to unannounced inspections by the FDA and
certain state agencies for compliance with GMPs and other laws, including the equivalent requirements applicable in Europe. Accordingly,
manufacturers must continue to expend time, money and effort in the area of production and quality control to maintain GMP compliance.
Future inspections by the FDA and other regulatory agencies may identify compliance issues at the facilities of our contract manufacturers
that may disrupt production or distribution or require substantial resources to correct. In addition, the discovery of conditions that
violate these rules, including failure to conform to GMPs, could result in enforcement actions, and the discovery of problems with a
product after approval may result in restrictions on a product, manufacturer or holder of an approved NDA, BLA or MA, including voluntary
recall and regulatory sanctions. 

If
a product is approved, we must also comply with post-marketing requirements, including, but not limited to, compliance with advertising
and promotion requirements, which include restrictions on promoting products for unapproved uses or patient populations (known as off-label
use ), monitoring and record-keeping activities, reporting of adverse events and other periodic reports, product sampling and distribution
restrictions, and limitations on industry sponsored scientific and educational activities. If there are any modifications to the product,
including changes in indications, labeling or manufacturing processes or facilities, we may be required to submit and obtain FDA, EMA
and/or MHRA approval (as applicable) of a new NDA, BLA or MA, or an NDA, BLA or MA supplement/variation, which may require us to develop
additional data or conduct additional pre-clinical studies and clinical trials. 

45 

Although
physicians may prescribe legally available products for off-label uses, manufacturers may not market or promote such uses. The FDA and
other agencies actively enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses, and a company that is found to
have improperly promoted off-label uses may be subject to adverse publicity as well as significant liability. The federal government
has levied large civil and criminal fines against companies for alleged improper promotion and has also requested that companies enter
into consent decrees or permanent injunctions under which specified promotional conduct is changed or curtailed. 

The
FDA, EMA and MHRA (as applicable) may withdraw approval of an NDA, BLA or MA if compliance with regulatory requirements and standards
is not maintained or if problems occur after the product reaches the market. Later discovery of previously unknown problems with a product,
including adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or with manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with regulatory
requirements, may result in mandatory revisions to the approved labeling to add new safety information; imposition of post-market or
clinical trials to assess new safety risks; or imposition of distribution or other restrictions under a REMS program. Other potential
consequences include, among other things: restrictions on the marketing or manufacturing of the product; complete withdrawal of the product
from the market or product recalls; issuance of safety alerts, Dear Healthcare Provider letters, press releases or other communications
containing warnings or other safety information about the product; fines, warning letters or other enforcement-related letters or clinical
holds on post-approval clinical trials; refusal of the FDA to approve pending NDAs or BLAs or supplements to approved NDAs or BLAs, or
suspension or revocation of product approvals; product seizure or detention, or refusal to permit the import or export of products; injunctions
or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties; and consent decrees, corporate integrity agreements, debarment, or exclusion from federal
health care programs; or mandated modification of promotional materials and labeling and the issuance of corrective information. 

Outside
of the United States, our ability to market a product is contingent upon receiving a marketing authorization from the appropriate regulatory
authorities. The requirements governing the conduct of clinical trials, marketing authorization, pricing and reimbursement vary widely
from country to country. At present, foreign marketing authorizations are applied for at a national level. If the regulatory authority
is satisfied that adequate evidence of safety, quality and efficacy has been presented, marketing authorization will be granted. This
foreign regulatory development and approval process involves all of the risks associated with achieving FDA marketing approval in the
United States as discussed above. In addition, foreign regulations may include applicable post-marketing requirements, including safety
surveillance, anti-fraud and abuse laws, and implementation of corporate compliance programs and reporting of payments or other transfers
of value to healthcare professionals and entities. 

Expedited
development and review programs 

The
FDA is authorized to designate certain products for expedited development or review if they are intended to address an unmet medical
need in the treatment of a serious or life-threatening disease or condition. These programs include fast track designation, breakthrough
therapy designation, priority review designation, and accelerated approval pathway. 

The
FDA has a fast track program that is intended to expedite or facilitate the process for reviewing new drugs and biologics that meet certain
criteria. Specifically, new drugs and biologics are eligible for fast track designation if they are intended to treat a serious or life-threatening
condition and preclinical or clinical data demonstrate the potential to address unmet medical needs for the condition. Fast track designation
applies to both the product and the specific indication for which it is being studied. Fast track designation provides opportunities
for more frequent interactions with the FDA review team to expedite development and review of the product. The sponsor of a drug or biologic
can request the FDA to designate the product for fast track status any time before receiving NDA or BLA approval. Fast track designation
may be withdrawn by the sponsor or rescinded by the FDA if the designation is no longer supported by data emerging from the clinical
trial process. 

Additionally,
a drug or biologic may be eligible for designation as a breakthrough therapy if the product is intended, alone or in combination with
one or more other drugs or biologics, to treat a serious or life-threatening condition and preliminary clinical evidence indicates that
the product may demonstrate substantial improvement over existing currently approved therapies on one or more clinically significant
endpoints. The benefits of breakthrough therapy designation include the same benefits as fast track designation, plus intensive guidance
from the FDA to ensure an efficient drug development program. Drugs or biologics designated as breakthrough therapies are also eligible
for accelerated approval of their respective marketing applications. 

46 

A
product may also be eligible for accelerated approval if it treats a serious or life-threatening condition and generally provides a meaningful
advantage over available therapies. In addition, it must demonstrate an effect on a surrogate endpoint that is reasonably likely to predict
clinical benefit or on a clinical endpoint that can be measured earlier than irreversible morbidity or mortality IMM that is reasonably likely to predict an effect on IMM or other clinical benefit. As a condition of approval, the FDA may require that
a sponsor of a drug or biologic receiving accelerated approval perform adequate and well-controlled post-marketing clinical trials. If
the FDA concludes that a drug or biologic shown to be effective can be safely used only if distribution or use is restricted, it will
require such post-marketing restrictions as it deems necessary to assure safe use of the product. If the FDA determines that the conditions
of approval are not being met, such as the required post-marketing confirmatory trial does not demonstrate a clinical benefit, the FDA
can withdraw its accelerated approval for such drug or biologic. In addition, unless otherwise informed by the FDA, the FDA currently
requires, as a condition for accelerated approval, that all advertising and promotional materials that are intended for dissemination
or publication be submitted to the agency in advance for review. 

Finally,
the FDA may designate a product for priority review if it is a drug or biologic that treats a serious condition and, if approved, would
provide a significant improvement in safety or effectiveness. The FDA determines at the time that the marketing application is submitted,
on a case-by-case basis, whether the proposed drug represents a significant improvement in treatment, prevention or diagnosis of disease
when compared with other available therapies. Significant improvement may be illustrated by evidence of increased effectiveness in the
treatment of a condition, elimination or substantial reduction of a treatment-limiting drug reaction, documented enhancement of patient
compliance that may lead to improvement in serious outcomes, or evidence of safety and effectiveness in a new subpopulation. A priority
review designation is intended to direct overall attention and resources to the evaluation of such applications, and to shorten the FDA s
goal for taking action on a marketing application from ten months to six months for an original BLA or NDA from the date of filing. 

Even
if a product qualifies for one or more of these programs, the FDA may later decide that the product no longer meets the conditions for
qualification or decide that the time period for FDA review or approval will not be shortened. Furthermore, fast track designation, priority
review, accelerated approval and breakthrough therapy designation, do not change the standards for approval and may not ultimately expedite
the development or approval process. 

In
the European Union, developers of medicinal products seeking to address an unmet medical can seek obtain enhanced support from the EMA
via the PRIME scheme. The PRIME scheme, which is a voluntary operational framework for enhanced interaction and early dialogue between
the EMA and developers of promising medicines, to optimize development plans and speed up evaluation so that these medicines can reach
patients earlier. 

In
the United Kingdom, developers of medicinal products which either target a life-threatening or seriously debilitating condition, or
which represent a significant patient or public health need, can benefit from ILAP. ILAP consists of designation of an Innovation
Passport, creation of a Target Development Profile TDP and provides applicants with access to a toolkit to support
all stages of the design, development and approvals process. Medicines falling within the scope of ILAP include new chemical
entities, biological medicines, new indications and repurposed medicines. The first step in the ILAP process is to obtain an
Innovation Passport, which will only be granted in respect of medicinal products which: (1) are intended to treat a qualifying
condition, patient or public health area, (2) fulfill one or more of a specific area (e.g., advanced therapy medicinal product,
orphan products, etc.), and (3) have the potential to offer benefits to patients. Following designation of an Innovation Passport, a
product-specific team of experts will develop a TDP based on the medicinal product s characteristics. The TDP defines key
regulatory and developmental features, identifies potential pitfalls, and creates a road map for delivering early patient access.
The TDP also includes details about how the applicant can work with other United Kingdom stakeholders for coordinated and efficient evidence
generation and evaluation and address commercial and managed access considerations. 

Orphan
drug designation and exclusivity 

Orphan
drug designation in the United States is designed to encourage sponsors to develop products intended for the treatment of rare diseases
or conditions. In the United States, a rare disease or condition is statutorily defined as a condition that affects fewer than 200,000
individuals in the United States or that affects more than 200,000 individuals in the United States and for which there is no reasonable
expectation that the cost of developing and making the product available for the disease or condition will be recovered from sales of
the product in the United States. 

47 

Orphan
drug designation qualifies a company for certain tax credits. In addition, if a drug candidate that has orphan drug designation
subsequently receives the first FDA approval for that drug for the disease for which it has such designation, the product is
entitled to orphan drug exclusivity, which means that the FDA may not approve any other applications to market the same drug for the
same indication for seven years following product approval unless the subsequent product candidate is demonstrated to be clinically
superior. Absent a showing of clinical superiority, the FDA cannot approve the same product made by another manufacturer for the
same indication during the market exclusivity period unless it has the consent of the sponsor or the sponsor is unable to provide
sufficient quantities. 

A
sponsor may request orphan drug designation of a previously unapproved product or new orphan indication for an already marketed product.
In addition, a sponsor of a product that is otherwise the same product as an already approved orphan drug may seek and obtain orphan
drug designation for the subsequent product for the same rare disease or condition if it can present a plausible hypothesis that its
product may be clinically superior to the first drug. More than one sponsor may receive orphan drug designation for the same product
for the same rare disease or condition, but each sponsor seeking orphan drug designation must file a complete request for designation.
To qualify for orphan exclusivity, however, the drug must be clinically superior to the previously approved product that is the same
drug for the same condition. If a product designated as an orphan drug ultimately receives marketing approval for an indication broader
than what was designated in its orphan drug application, it may not be entitled to exclusivity. 

In
the European Union, orphan designations are assessed by the EMA s Committee for Orphan Medicinal Products COMP for binding decisions to be issued by the European Commission to promote the development of medicinal products that are intended for
the diagnosis, prevention or treatment of life-threatening or chronically debilitating conditions which either affect not more than five
in 10,000 persons in the European Union, or where it is unlikely that the marketing of the medicinal product in the European Union would generate sufficient
return to justify the necessary investment in its development. In each case, there can be no satisfactory method of diagnosis, prevention
or treatment of the condition already authorized (or, if such a method exists, the product would be a significant benefit to those affected
by the condition). 

If
the COMP grants an orphan designation, the developer will be entitled to financial incentives such as reduction of fees or fee waivers.
If orphan status is maintained at the grant of MA, the medicinal product will benefit from ten years of market exclusivity. This period
may be reduced to six years if, at the end of the fifth year, it is established that the orphan drug designation criteria are no longer
met, including where it is shown that the product is sufficiently profitable not to justify maintenance of market exclusivity. During
the period of market exclusivity, MAs can only be granted to similar medicinal products for the same therapeutic indication
if it can be established that: (i) the new medicinal product, although similar to the authorized product, is safer, more effective or
otherwise clinically superior; (ii) the MA holder for the authorized product consents to a second orphan medicinal product application;
or (iii) the MA holder for the authorized product cannot supply enough orphan medicinal product. A similar medicinal product 
is defined as a medicinal product containing a similar active substance or substances as contained in an authorized orphan medicinal
product, and which is intended for the same therapeutic indication. 

An
equivalent regime is in place in the United Kingdom. Under the United Kingdom s regime, there is no pre-MA orphan designation and
instead a decision is made at the point of the MA grant. 

Rare
pediatric disease priority review voucher program 

Under
the Rare Pediatric Disease Priority Review Voucher program, the FDA may award a priority review voucher to the sponsor of an
approved marketing application for a product that treats or prevents a rare pediatric disease. The voucher entitles the sponsor to
priority review of one subsequent marketing application. 

A
voucher may be awarded only for an approved rare pediatric disease product application. A rare pediatric disease product application
is an NDA or BLA for a product that treats or prevents a serious or life-threatening disease in which the serious or
life-threatening manifestations primarily affect individuals aged from birth to 18 years; in general, the disease must affect fewer
than 200,000 such individuals in the U.S.; the NDA or BLA must be deemed eligible for priority review; the NDA or BLA must not seek
approval for a different adult indication (i.e., for a different disease/condition); the product must not contain an active
ingredient that has been previously approved by the FDA; and the NDA or BLA must rely on clinical data derived from studies
examining a pediatric population such that the approved product can be adequately labeled for the pediatric population. Before NDA
or BLA approval, the FDA may designate a product in development as a product for a rare pediatric disease, but such designation is
not required to receive a voucher. 

48 

To
receive a rare pediatric disease priority review voucher, a sponsor must notify the FDA, upon submission of the NDA or BLA, of its
intent to request a voucher. If the FDA determines that the NDA or BLA is a rare pediatric disease product application, and if the
NDA or BLA is approved, the FDA will award the sponsor of the NDA or BLA a voucher upon approval of the NDA or BLA. The FDA may
revoke a rare pediatric disease priority review voucher if the product for which it was awarded is not marketed in the U.S. within
365 days of the product s approval. 

The
voucher, which is transferable to another sponsor, may be submitted with a subsequent NDA or BLA and entitles the holder to priority
review of the accompanying NDA or BLA. The sponsor submitting the priority review voucher must notify the FDA of its intent to
submit the voucher with the NDA or BLA at least 90 days prior to submission of the NDA or BLA and must pay a priority review user
fee in addition to any other required user fee. The FDA must take action on an NDA or BLA under priority review within six months of
receipt of the NDA or BLA. 

The
Rare Pediatric Disease Priority Review Voucher program was reauthorized in the Creating Hope Reauthorization Act in December 2020, allowing
a product that is designated as a product for a rare pediatric disease prior to October 1, 2020 to be eligible to receive a rare pediatric
disease priority review voucher upon approval of a qualifying NDA or BLA prior to October 1, 2026. 

Pediatric
Exclusivity 

Pediatric
exclusivity is another type of non-patent marketing exclusivity in the United States and, if granted, provides for the attachment of
an additional six months of marketing protection to the term of any existing regulatory exclusivity, including orphan exclusivity. This
six-month exclusivity may be granted if an NDA or BLA sponsor submits pediatric data that fairly respond to a written request from the
FDA for such data. The data do not need to show the product to be effective in the pediatric population studied; rather, if the clinical
trial is deemed to fairly respond to the FDA s request, the additional protection is granted. If reports of requested pediatric
studies are submitted to and accepted by the FDA within the statutory time limits, whatever statutory or regulatory periods of exclusivity
that cover the product are extended by six months. 

In
both the European Union and United Kingdom, all MAAs for new medicines must include the results of studies described in an agreed pediatric
investigation plan PIP ), unless a deferral or a waiver applies. Irrespective of whether the results are successful, if
the PIP is satisfactorily performed with the results submitted, the applicant is entitled to receive a six-month extension to their supplementary
protection certificate, as an extension of the exclusivity for a basic patent. In respect of orphan medicinal products, the orphan market
exclusivity period of 10 years is extended cumulatively to 12 years if the PIP requirement is satisfied. 

United
States Patent Term Restoration and Extension and Marketing Exclusivity 

In
the United States, a patent claiming a new drug product, its method of use or its method of manufacture may be eligible for a limited
patent term extension under the Hatch-Waxman Act, which permits a patent extension of up to five years for patent term lost during product
development and FDA regulatory review. Assuming grant of the patent for which the extension is sought, the restoration period for a patent
covering a product is typically one-half the time between the effective date of the IND and the submission date of the NDA, plus the
time between the submission date of the NDA and the ultimate approval date, except that the review period is reduced by any time during
which the applicant failed to exercise due diligence. Patent term restoration cannot be used to extend the remaining term of a patent
past a total of 14 years from the product s approval date in the United States. Only one patent applicable to an approved product
is eligible for the extension, and the application for the extension must be submitted prior to the expiration of the patent for which
extension is sought. A patent that covers multiple products for which approval is sought can only be extended in connection with one
of the approvals. The USPTO reviews and approves the application for any patent term extension in consultation with the FDA. 

Marketing
exclusivity provisions under the FDCA also can delay the submission or the approval of certain applications. The FDCA provides a five-year
period of non-patent marketing exclusivity within the United States to the first applicant to gain approval of an NDA for a new chemical
entity. A drug is a new chemical entity if the FDA has not previously approved any other new drug containing the same active moiety,
which is the molecule or ion responsible for the action of the drug substance. During the exclusivity period, the FDA may not accept
for review an abbreviated new drug application ANDA ), or a 505(b)(2) NDA submitted by another company for another version of such drug
where the applicant does not own or have a legal right of reference to all the data required for approval. However, an application may
be submitted after four years if it contains a certification of patent invalidity or non-infringement. The FDCA also provides three years
of marketing exclusivity for an NDA, 505(b)(2) NDA or supplement to an existing NDA if new clinical investigations, other than bioavailability
studies, that were conducted or sponsored by the applicant are deemed by the FDA to be essential to the approval of the application,
for example, new indications, dosages or strengths of an existing drug. This three-year exclusivity covers only the conditions of use
associated with the new clinical investigations and does not prohibit the FDA from approving ANDAs for drugs containing the original
active agent. Five-year and three-year exclusivity will not delay the submission or approval of a full NDA. However, an applicant submitting
a full NDA would be required to conduct or obtain a right of reference to all of the preclinical studies and adequate and well-controlled
clinical trials necessary to demonstrate safety and effectiveness. 

49 

Biosimilars
And Exclusivity 

The
Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, or, collectively,
the ACA, which was signed into law in March 2010, included a subtitle called the Biologics Price Competition and Innovation Act of 2009 BPCIA ). The BPCIA established a regulatory scheme authorizing the FDA to approve biosimilars and interchangeable biosimilars.
A biosimilar is a biological product that is highly similar to an existing FDA-licensed reference product. The FDA has
issued multiple guidance documents outlining an approach to review and approval of biosimilars. Under the BPCIA, a manufacturer may submit
an application for licensure of a biologic product that is biosimilar to or interchangeable with a previously
approved biological product or reference product. In order for the FDA to approve a biosimilar product, it must find that
there are no clinically meaningful differences between the reference product and proposed biosimilar product in terms of safety, purity
and potency. For the FDA to approve a biosimilar product as interchangeable with a reference product, the agency must find that the biosimilar
product can be expected to produce the same clinical results as the reference product, and (for products administered multiple times)
that the biologic and the reference biologic may be switched after one has been previously administered without increasing safety risks
or risks of diminished efficacy relative to exclusive use of the reference biologic. 

Under
the BPCIA, an application for a biosimilar product may not be submitted to the FDA until four years following the date of approval of
the reference product. The FDA may not approve a biosimilar product until 12 years from the date on which the reference product was approved.
Even if a product is considered to be a reference product eligible for exclusivity, another company could market a competing version
of that product if the FDA approves a full BLA for such product containing the sponsor s own preclinical data and data from adequate
and well-controlled clinical trials to demonstrate the safety, purity and potency of their product. The BPCIA also created certain exclusivity
periods for biosimilars approved as interchangeable products. At this juncture, it is unclear whether products deemed interchangeable 
by the FDA will, in fact, be readily substituted by pharmacies, which are governed by state pharmacy law. Since the passage of the BPCIA,
many states have passed laws or amendments to laws, including laws governing pharmacy practices, which are state regulated, to regulate
the use of biosimilars. 

Regulation
of companion diagnostic tests 

Although
we do not believe that a companion diagnostic test will be required for the safe and effective use of our product candidates, the
FDA may disagree and require use of a companion diagnostic to identify appropriate patient populations for our products. Under the
FDCA, in vitro diagnostics, including companion diagnostics, are regulated as medical devices. In the United States, the FDCA and
its implementing regulations, and other federal and state statutes and regulations govern, among other things, medical device design
and development, preclinical and clinical testing, premarket clearance or approval, registration and listing, manufacturing,
labeling, storage, advertising and promotion, sales and distribution, export and import, and post-market surveillance. Unless an
exemption applies, diagnostic tests require marketing clearance or approval from the FDA prior to commercial distribution. In August
2014, the FDA issued final guidance clarifying the requirements that will apply to approval of therapeutic products and in vitro
companion diagnostics. According to the guidance, for novel drugs, a companion diagnostic device and its corresponding therapeutic
should be approved or cleared contemporaneously by the FDA for the use indicated in the therapeutic product s labeling.
Approval or clearance of the companion diagnostic device will ensure that the device has been adequately evaluated and has adequate
performance characteristics in the intended population. 

50 

Reimbursement 

Significant
uncertainty exists regarding the coverage and reimbursement status of products approved by the FDA and other government authorities.
Sales of TZIELD and potential sales of any of our product candidates, if approved, will depend, at least in part, on the extent to which
such products will be covered by third-party payers. 

Within
the United States, third party payors include government health care programs such as Medicare and Medicaid and private health insurance.
These third-party payers are increasingly challenging the price and examining the cost-effectiveness of new products and services in
addition to their safety and efficacy. To obtain or maintain coverage and reimbursement for TZIELD or any other approved drug product,
we may need to collect real world evidence and conduct pharmacoeconomic studies to demonstrate the medical necessity and cost-effectiveness
of our product. These studies will be in addition to the studies required to obtain or maintain regulatory approvals. If third-party
payers do not consider a product to be cost-effective compared to other available therapies, they may not cover the product or, if they
do, the level of payment may not be sufficient to allow sale of a product at a profit. 

Third-party
payers are also increasingly managing patient access to drug products and using restrictive measures to contain costs. If a third-party
payer decides to provide coverage for an approved drug product, patient access and reimbursement is not certain. Further, one payor s
determination to provide coverage for a drug product does not assure that other payors will also provide coverage for the drug product.
Decreases in third-party reimbursement or a decision by a third-party payer to not cover TZIELD or our product candidates, if approved,
could reduce utilization of our products, and have a material adverse effect on our sales, results of operations and financial condition.
We may need to provide discounts to purchasers to encourage purchasing of our products and rebates to third party payors to increase
the possibility of favorable coverage and adequate cost sharing thresholds for patients and may need to provide additional concessions
or enter into value-based arrangements that link payment to the efficacy of TZIELD. Adequate third-party reimbursement may not be available
to enable us to maintain price levels sufficient to realize an appropriate return on our investment in product development. 

We
are required to provide discounts or rebates on TZIELD under government healthcare programs or to certain government and private purchasers
in order to obtain coverage under federal health care programs such as Medicaid. Participation in such programs may require us to track
and report certain drug prices. We may be subject to fines and other penalties if we fail to report such prices accurately. 

In
addition, in some foreign countries, the proposed pricing for a drug must be approved before it may be lawfully marketed. The requirements
governing drug pricing vary widely from country to country. For example, the European Union provides options for its member states to
restrict the range of medicinal products for human use. A member state may approve a specific price for the medicinal product, or it
may instead adopt a system of direct or indirect controls on the profitability of the company placing the medicinal product on the market.
There can be no assurance that any country that has price controls or reimbursement limitations for pharmaceutical products will allow
favorable reimbursement and pricing arrangements for any of our products. Historically, products launched in the European Union do not
follow price structures of the U.S. and generally tend to be significantly lower. 

In
addition, the United States government, state legislatures and foreign governments have continued implementing cost-containment programs,
including price controls, restrictions on reimbursement and requirements for substitution of generic products. Adoption of price controls
and cost-containment measures, and adoption of more restrictive policies in jurisdictions with existing controls and measures, could
further limit our future revenues and results of operations. 

Healthcare
Laws and Regulations 

Sales
of TZIELD and potential sales of our product candidates, if approved, will be subject to healthcare regulation and enforcement by the
federal government and the states and foreign governments in which we might conduct our business. In the United States, our business
operations and any current or future arrangements with healthcare professionals, third-party payers, health care providers, patients
and other customers may be subject to various federal and state fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations that may affect
our current or future manufacturing, sales, marketing, scientific, educational or other business activities. The healthcare laws and
regulations that may affect our ability to operate include the following: 

The
 federal anti-kickback statute makes it illegal for any person or entity to knowingly and willfully, directly or indirectly, solicit,
 receive, offer, or pay any remuneration that is in exchange for or to induce the referral of business, including the purchase, order,
 lease of any good, facility, item or service for which payment may be made under a federal healthcare program, such as Medicare or
 Medicaid. The term remuneration has been broadly interpreted to include anything of value. A person or entity need
 not have actual knowledge of the federal anti-kickback statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation. 

51 

Federal
 false claims and false statement laws, including the federal civil False Claims Act FCA ), prohibits, among other things,
 any person or entity from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, for payment to, or approval by, federal programs, including
 Medicare and Medicaid, claims for items or services, including drugs, that are false or fraudulent. Manufacturers can be held liable
 under the FCA even when they do not submit claims directly to government payors if they are deemed to cause the submission
 of false or fraudulent claims. Actions under the FCA may be brought by the Attorney General or by private individuals in the name
 of the federal government. 

The
 federal civil monetary penalties laws impose civil fines for, among other things, the offering or transfer or remuneration to a Medicare
 or state healthcare program beneficiary, if the person knows or should know it is likely to influence the beneficiary s selection
 of a particular provider, practitioner, or supplier of services reimbursable by Medicare or a state health care program, unless an
 exception applies. 

The
 United States federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended HIPAA ), which prohibits
 executing a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program or making false statements relating to healthcare matters and which
 also imposes certain requirements relating to the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information
 on certain types of entities, which include many healthcare providers and health plans with which we interact. 

The
 Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, which among other things, strictly regulates drug product and medical device marketing, prohibits
 manufacturers from marketing such products prior to approval or for unapproved indications and regulates the distribution of samples. 

Federal
 laws, including the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program, that require pharmaceutical manufacturers to report certain calculated product
 prices to the government or provide certain discounts or rebates to government authorities or private entities, often as a condition
 of reimbursement under government healthcare programs. 

The
 so-called federal sunshine law, which requires pharmaceutical and medical device companies to monitor and report certain
 financial interactions with physicians, teaching hospitals, and additional categories of healthcare practitioners to the federal
 government for re-disclosure to the public. 

Also,
many states have similar laws and regulations, such as anti-kickback and false claims laws that may be broader in scope and may apply
to claims reimbursed by private payors as well as government programs or regardless of reimbursement. Additionally, we may be subject
to state laws that require pharmaceutical companies to comply with the federal government s and/or pharmaceutical industry s
voluntary compliance guidelines, impose specific restrictions on interactions between pharmaceutical companies and healthcare providers
or require pharmaceutical companies to report information related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians and other healthcare
providers or to report pricing or marketing expenditures, as well as state laws governing the privacy and security of health information,
many of which differ from each other in significant ways and often are not preempted by HIPAA. Many of these laws and regulations also
contain ambiguous requirements or require administrative guidance for implementation. 

Our
current or future activities may also be subject to state and federal and state consumer protection and unfair competition laws. We must
comply with state, domestic and international laws that require the registration of manufacturers and wholesale distributors of pharmaceutical
products in a state, including, in relation to the United States, in certain states, manufacturers and distributors who ship products
into the state even if such manufacturers or distributors have no place of business within the state. Some states also impose requirements
on manufacturers and distributors to establish the pedigree of product in the chain of distribution, including some states that require
manufacturers and others to adopt new technology capable of tracking and tracing product as it moves through the distribution chain. 

The
scope and enforcement of each of these laws is uncertain and subject to rapid change in the current environment of healthcare reform,
especially in light of the lack of applicable precedent and regulations. Federal and state enforcement bodies have recently increased
their scrutiny of interactions between healthcare companies and healthcare providers, which has led to a number of investigations, prosecutions,
convictions and settlements in the healthcare industry. Because of the breadth of these laws, the narrowness of available statutory exceptions
and safe harbors and the lack of clear guidance on the application of these laws to certain activities, it is possible that governmental
authorities could possibly conclude that our business practices do not comply with current or future statutes, regulations or case law
involving applicable fraud and abuse or other healthcare laws and regulations. 

52 

Violation
of these laws can subject us to significant civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, fines, imprisonment, disgorgement,
exclusion from government funded healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, reputational harm, additional oversight and reporting
obligations if we become subject to a corporate integrity agreement or similar settlement to resolve allegations of non-compliance with
these laws and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations. If any of the physicians or other healthcare providers or entities
with whom we expect to do business is found not to be in compliance with applicable laws, they may be subject to similar actions, penalties
and sanctions. Ensuring business arrangements comply with applicable healthcare laws, as well as responding to possible investigations
by government authorities, can be time- and resource-consuming and can divert a company s attention from its business. 

Additionally,
to the extent that our product is sold in a foreign country, we may be subject to similar foreign laws, including fraud and abuse laws,
laws requiring the implementation of corporate compliance programs and laws requiring the reporting of payments or other transfers of
value to healthcare professionals and entities. 

Segments
and Geographic Information 

Operating
segments are defined as components of an enterprise about which separate discrete information is available for evaluation by the chief
operating decision maker, or decision-making group, in deciding how to allocate resources and in assessing performance. We view our operations
and manage our business in one operating and reporting segment. 

In
October 2021, we incorporated Provention Bio Limited, a wholly-owned private limited subsidiary, in the United Kingdom. We incorporated
this subsidiary to facilitate the potential future submission of an MAA for teplizumab, to the MHRA. 

Human
Capital 

Employees 

As
of March 20, 2023, we had 174 full-time employees which are located throughout the United States. While we lease office space for
our principal executive offices in Red Bank, NJ, our employees work remotely. None of our employees are represented by a labor union
or covered by a collective bargaining agreement, and we believe our relationship with our employees is good. Additionally, we utilize
independent contractors and other third parties to assist with various aspects of our drug and product development. 

We
provide salaries and benefits that are competitive based on compensation information from independent compensation consultants. A portion
of the compensation for almost all of our employees is performance-based. Performance-based compensation takes into account both individual
and Company-wide performance. In addition, a portion of performance-based compensation consists of equity incentives. The split between
base salary and performance-based compensation is tailored to each employee s job function and level. In addition, we provide nationally
competitive benefits, including healthcare, a 401(k) program and a technology allowance. 

We
are committed to the well-being of our employees and recognize that a remote workforce especially values the ability to balance work
with other aspects of their lives. As a virtual company, we embrace variable work schedules for our employees. We also allow part-time
arrangements and flexible work schedules. 

We
provide professional development and advancement opportunities for our employees that include internal training, skills building and
opportunities for internal advancement. 

Diversity
and Inclusion 

We
seek to provide a collaborative and inclusive workplace where all employees feel empowered to do their best work and contribute to our
mission. We are an equal opportunity employer and strictly prohibit and do not tolerate discrimination against employees, including based
on race, creed, color, religion, national origin, citizenship status, age, gender, military and veteran status and sexual orientation.
We also prohibit any form of harassment or abuse in the workplace. 

53 

We
are focused on maintaining a diverse and inclusive work environment. Among other factors in hiring, we consider geographic, gender, age,
racial and ethnic diversity. Currently, women represent 38 of our C-suite team, and 33 of our board of directors. We expect to continue
implementing initiatives to enhance our workforce diversity, advance the development of diverse talent and ensure diverse succession
plans both in our employee workforce and on our board of directors. 

Our
Corporate Information 

We
are a Delaware corporation formed on October 4, 2016. Our principal executive offices are located at 55 Broad Street, 2nd Floor, Red
Bank, New Jersey 07701. Our phone number is (908) 336-0360 and our web address is http://www.proventionbio.com. Information contained
in or accessible through our web site is not, and should not be deemed to be, incorporated by reference in, or considered part of, this
Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Available
Information 

We
make available free of charge through our website our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on
Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Exchange Act. We make these reports
available through our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such reports with, or furnish such reports
to, the SEC. We also make available, free of charge on our website, the reports filed with the SEC by our executive officers, directors
and 10 stockholders pursuant to Section 16 under the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after copies of those filings are
provided to us by those persons. The information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our website is not a part of or incorporated
by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

Certain
factors may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, and you should carefully consider
them. Accordingly, in evaluating our business, we encourage you to consider the following discussion of risk factors in its entirety,
in addition to other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, as well as our other public filings with the SEC. The
risks and uncertainties described below are those we currently believe to be material, but they are not the only ones we face. If any
of the following risks, or any other risks and uncertainties that we have not yet identified or that we currently consider not to be
material, actually occur or become material risks, our business and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 

Risks
Related to our Pending Transaction with Sanofi 

We
may not be able to complete the pending transaction with Sanofi within the time frame we anticipate, or at all, which could have an adverse
effect on our business, financial results and/or operations. 

On
March 12, 2023, we entered into the Merger Agreement with Sanofi and Sanofi s indirect wholly owned acquisition subsidiary under
which Sanofi is to acquire the Company in a cash transaction for an approximate total equity value of 2.9 billion. Pursuant to the Merger
Agreement, and upon the terms and subject to the conditions thereof, Sanofi s acquisition subsidiary will commence a tender offer
to purchase all of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock in exchange for 25.00 per share, to the seller in cash, without
interest and less applicable withholding of taxes. If certain conditions are satisfied and the tender offer closes, Sanofi would acquire
any remaining shares of our common stock by a merger of Sanofi s acquisition subsidiary with and into us. 

The
completion of the transaction is subject to the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement, including (1) that there be validly tendered,
and not properly withdrawn, prior to the expiration of the tender offer, that number of shares of our common stock that, together with
the number of shares of our common stock, if any, then owned beneficially by Sanofi and its acquisition subsidiary (together with their
wholly-owned subsidiaries), represents at least a majority of the shares of our common stock outstanding as of the consummation of the
tender offer, (2) the expiration or early termination of the applicable waiting period (or any extension thereof) under the Hart-Scott-Rodino
Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, (3) the accuracy of certain of our representations and warranties in the Merger Agreement, (4) our
compliance with certain covenants contained in the Merger Agreement, subject to qualifications, (5) the absence of a Company Material
Adverse Effect (as defined in the Merger Agreement), and (6) other customary conditions. In addition, the Merger Agreement may
be terminated under certain specified circumstances, including, but not limited to, a change in the recommendation of our Board of Directors
or a termination of the Merger Agreement by us to enter into an agreement for a Superior Proposal (as defined in the Merger Agreement).
As a result, we cannot assure you that the transaction with Sanofi will be completed, or that, if completed, it will be on the terms
set forth in the Merger Agreement or within the expected time frame. 

If
the transaction is not completed within the expected time frame or at all, we may be subject to a number of material risks. The price
of our common stock may decline to the extent that current market prices of our common stock reflect a market assumption that the transaction
will be completed. We could be required to pay Sanofi a termination fee of 100.0 million if the Merger Agreement is terminated under
specific circumstances described in the Merger Agreement. The failure to complete the transaction also may result in negative publicity
and negatively affect our relationship with our stockholders, employees, collaborators, customers, CROs, CMOs, other vendors, regulators
and other business partners. We may also be required to devote significant time and resources to litigation related to any failure to
complete the merger or related to any enforcement proceeding commenced against us to perform our obligations under the Merger Agreement. 

54 

The
pendency of the proposed transaction with Sanofi could adversely affect our results of operations, financial results and/or business
generally, including our ability to retain and hire key personnel and maintain our relationships with collaborators, customers, CROs,
CMOs, other vendors and other business partners. 

Our
efforts to complete the transaction could cause substantial disruptions in, and create uncertainty surrounding, our business, which may
materially adversely affect our results of operation and our business. Uncertainty as to whether the transaction will be completed may
affect our ability to recruit prospective employees or to retain and motivate existing employees. Employee retention may be particularly
challenging while the transaction is pending because employees may experience uncertainty about their roles following consummation of
the transaction. A substantial amount of our management s and employees attention is being directed toward the completion
of the transaction and thus is being diverted from our day-to-day operations. Uncertainty as to our future could adversely affect our
business and our relationship with collaborators, customers, CROs, CMOs, other vendors, regulators and other business partners. Changes
to or termination of existing business relationships could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition, as well
as the market price of our common stock. The adverse effects of the pendency of the transaction could be exacerbated by any delays in
completion of the transaction or termination of the Merger Agreement. 

While
the proposed transaction with Sanofi is pending, we are subject to business uncertainties and contractual restrictions that could disrupt
our business. 

The
Merger Agreement includes restrictions on the conduct of our business prior to the completion of the merger, generally requiring us to
use commercially reasonable efforts to carry on our business in the ordinary course. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing,
we are subject to a variety of specified restrictions, including that we may not, among other things and subject to certain exceptions
and aggregate limitations, incur additional indebtedness, issue additional shares of our common stock outside of our equity incentive
plans, repurchase our common stock, pay dividends, acquire assets, securities or property, dispose of businesses or assets, enter into
material contracts or make certain additional capital expenditures. We may find that these and other contractual restrictions in the
Merger Agreement delay or prevent us from responding, or limit our ability to respond, effectively to competitive pressures, industry
developments and future business opportunities that may arise during such period, even if our management believes they may be advisable.
If any of these effects were to occur, it could materially and adversely impact our operating results, financial position, cash flows
and/or the price of our common stock. 

The
Merger Agreement requires us to pay a termination fee to Sanofi if certain circumstances occur, which could require us to use available
cash that would have otherwise been available for general corporate purposes. 

If
the Merger Agreement is terminated under certain circumstances, including termination by us in order to accept and enter into a definitive
agreement with respect to a Superior Proposal (as defined in the Merger Agreement), we will be required to pay Sanofi a termination fee
of 100.0 million by wire transfer of immediately available funds. If the Merger Agreement is terminated under such circumstances, we
may be required to pay such termination fee using available cash that would have otherwise been available for general corporate purposes
and other uses. For these and other reasons, termination of the Merger Agreement could materially and adversely affect our business operations
and financial condition, which in turn would materially and adversely affect the price of our common stock. 

Shareholder
litigation could prevent or delay the closing of the proposed transaction with Sanofi or otherwise negatively impact our business, operating
results and/or financial condition. 

We
may incur costs in connection with the defense or settlement of any future shareholder litigation in connection with the proposed transaction
with Sanofi. Future shareholder litigation may adversely affect our ability to complete the proposed transaction with Sanofi. We could
incur significant costs in connection with any such litigation lawsuits, including costs associated with the indemnification of obligations
to our directors. Furthermore, one of the conditions to the closing of the transaction is the absence of any governmental order or law
preventing the transaction or making the consummation of the transaction illegal. Consequently, if a plaintiff were to secure injunctive
or other relief prohibiting, delaying or otherwise adversely affecting our ability to complete the proposed transaction, then such injunctive
or other relief may prevent the proposed transaction from becoming effective within the expected time frame or at all. 

We
have incurred, and will continue to incur, direct and indirect costs as a result of the proposed transaction with Sanofi. 

We
have incurred, and will continue to incur, significant costs and expenses, including fees for professional services and other transaction
costs, in connection with the pending transaction with Sanofi. We must pay substantially all of these costs and expenses whether or not
the transaction is completed. There are a number of factors beyond our control that could affect the total amount or the timing of these
costs and expenses. 

Risks
Related to Our Business 

We
are a commercial-stage biopharmaceutical company with a limited operating history, and we are dependent on the commercial success of
TZIELD. We expect to incur substantial expenses and may never become profitable or be able to sustain profitability. 

We
are a commercial-stage biopharmaceutical company formed in October 2016 and have a limited operating history. We do not lease or own
any laboratory space and we have historically had a remote work environment for our employees. We outsource most of our manufacturing
and clinical trial operations as well as certain other functions. 

We
have acquired or in-licensed TZIELD, which was recently approved by the FDA for its first commercial indication and which we are
studying in a Phase III trial for use in newly diagnosed T1D as well as our three clinical stage assets (PRV-3279, ordesekimab and
PRV-101). We have obtained FDA approval for TZIELD to delay the onset of Stage 3 T1D in adults and pediatric
patients aged 8 years and older with Stage 2 T1D. We have not obtained any other marketing approvals for TZIELD or our product
candidates. We launched TZIELD in the U.S. after FDA approval on November 17, 2022 and therefore do not have a long history
operating as a commercial company. We continue our process of transitioning from a company with a research and development focus to
a company with commercial activities and we may not be successful in executing this transition. We have not yet demonstrated our
ability to consistently and effectively manufacture at commercial scale, or arrange for a third party to do so on our behalf, or
conduct sales, marketing and distribution activities necessary for successful product commercialization. Consequently, any
predictions made about our future success or viability may not be as accurate as they could be if we had a longer operating
history. 

55 

The
commercial success of TZIELD will depend on a number of factors, including our ability to: 

maintain
 commercial manufacturing arrangements with CMOs and establish redundancies in our manufacturing
 arrangements to protect against any supply chain issues that may arise; 
 
 produce,
 through a validated process, sufficient quantities and inventory of TZIELD to meet commercial
 demand; 
 
 maintain
 and, if needed, expand our commercial infrastructure with internal sales, distribution and
 marketing capabilities sufficient to generate and support commercial sales of TZIELD; 
 
 leverage
 Sanofi s expertise, capabilities and commercial resources under the Sanofi Co-Promotion
 Agreement; 
 
 secure
 widespread acceptance of our product from physicians, health care payors, patients and the
 medical community; 
 
 raise
 awareness and expand screening to identify patients with Stage 2 T1D; 
 
 obtain
 and maintain coverage and adequate reimbursement of TZIELD by governmental authorities, private
 health insurers, managed care organizations and other third-party payers; 
 
 maintain
 compliance with ongoing FDA labeling, packaging, storage, advertising, promotion, recordkeeping,
 and safety requirements and other laws and regulations that apply to us and our commercial
 activities; 
 
 successfully
 complete the post-marketing requirements specified in the FDA approval letter for TZIELD; 
 
 manage
 our growth and spending as costs and expenses increase due to commercialization; and 
 
 establish
 and maintain strategic partnerships for the commercialization of TZIELD in countries outside
 the United States, and such collaborators ability to obtain regulatory and reimbursement
 approvals in such countries. 

If
we cannot successfully execute any one of the foregoing, or our ongoing clinical trials for our product candidates do not read out positively
or support regulatory approvals, our business may not succeed, and your investment will be adversely affected. Additionally, we will
need to continue investing substantial financial and management resources to complete these tasks, and we expect to incur substantial
losses for the foreseeable future, and these losses will be increasing. We are uncertain when or if we will be able to achieve or sustain
profitability. If we achieve profitability in the future, we may not be able to sustain profitability in subsequent periods. Failure
to become and remain profitable may impair our ability to sustain operations and adversely affect our business and our ability to raise
capital. 

Marketing
approval of TZIELD for additional indications or in other jurisdictions, as well as obtaining marketing approval of our product candidates,
will require extensive clinical testing data to support safety and efficacy requirements, as well as pharmaceutical development, manufacturing
and preclinical data, all of which are needed for regulatory approval, and the requirements may be different in different jurisdictions
in which we intend to launch our products. If we obtain marketing approvals in the jurisdictions in which we intend to launch our products,
we will then have to secure pricing and reimbursement approvals prior to product launch. The likelihood of success of our business plan
must be considered in light of the challenges, substantial expenses, difficulties, complications and delays frequently encountered in
connection with developing and expanding early-stage businesses and the regulatory and competitive environment in which we operate. Biopharmaceutical
product development is a highly speculative undertaking, involves a substantial degree of risk, and is a capital-intensive business. 

TZIELD
may cause undesirable side effects that could limit its commercial potential. 

TZIELD
is associated with adverse reactions, which may require patients to discontinue treatment. The labeling for TZIELD includes warnings
and precautions for cytokine release syndrome, serious infections, lymphopenia, and hypersensitivity reactions. If we or others identify
previously unknown side effects, in particular if they are severe, or if known side effects are more frequent or severe than in the past,
then: 

sales
 of TZIELD may be modest; 
 
 regulatory
 approvals for TZIELD may be restricted or withdrawn; 

56 

we
 may decide to, or be required to, send product warning letters or field alerts to physicians,
 pharmacists and hospitals; 
 
 additional
 non-clinical or clinical studies or changes to manufacturing processes, specifications and/or
 facilities may be required; 
 
 changes
 in labeling or changes to distribution processes, including the imposition of a Risk Evaluation
 and Mitigation Strategy REMS ), may be required; 
 
 our
 reputation in the marketplace may suffer; and 
 
 government
 investigations or lawsuits, including class action suits, may be brought against us. 

Any
of the above occurrences would harm or prevent sales, increase our expenses and impair our ability to successfully commercialize
TZIELD. Furthermore, TZIELD may be commercially used in a wider population and in a less rigorously controlled environment than in
clinical studies or may be prescribed by physicians for off-label uses, which could result in adverse reactions being reported that
are different than what was observed in clinical trials. If this were to occur, regulatory authorities, healthcare practitioners,
third-party payers or patients may perceive or conclude that the use of TZIELD is associated with previously unknown serious adverse
effects, undermining our commercialization efforts. 

We
need to raise additional funding. If we are unable to raise sufficient capital when needed, we could be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate
certain, or all of our product development programs or commercialization efforts. 

We
expect our operating costs to be substantial as we incur costs to support our commercialization efforts for TZIELD, including costs related
to the continued buildout of an internal commercial infrastructure, and our ongoing and planned clinical trials for TZIELD and our product
candidates. We will operate at a loss for the foreseeable future even as we continue to build TZIELD s nascent market and pursue,
obtain pricing and reimbursement approvals for, and work to execute a successful commercial launch of TZIELD. For the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, we had a net loss of 113.6 million and 114.4 million, respectively, and as of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated
deficit of 405.6 million. We had cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities of 165.0 million as of December 31, 2022. We expect
to continue to incur significant expenses and increasing operating losses over the next several years and our net losses may fluctuate
significantly from quarter to quarter and year to year. On February 2, 2023, we drew an additional 40.0 million from the second tranche
of the Hercules LSA following FDA approval of TZIELD, for net proceeds of approximately 38.9 million. Also, on February 10, 2023,
Sanofi, in accordance with the Sanofi Securities Purchase Agreement (defined below), purchased 2,712,497 shares of our common stock at
a purchase price of approximately 12.90 per share, for a total investment of 35.0 million. 

We
believe, based on our current operating plans, which include commercialization of TZIELD and advancement of our clinical product candidates,
and other factors described above, that our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities on hand, will be sufficient to fund current
operating requirements for at least the next 12 months from the issuance of the financial statements included within this Annual Report
on Form 10-K. If we do not otherwise raise additional capital, we may encounter near-term liquidity needs. Factors that could impact
our cash runway include, but are not limited to, the success and uptake of our commercial launch of TZIELD and expenses related to the
continued commercialization of TZIELD, including costs to continue the build out the Company s commercial infrastructure and commercial
sales activities (including the Sanofi Co-Promotion Agreement), manufacturing activities for TZIELD and the milestone payments due to
MacroGenics upon FDA approval of TZIELD. 

We
do not have any prospective credit facilities as a source of future funds apart from the available capacity under our 2021 ATM Program
and the Hercules LSA and there can be no assurance that we will be able to raise sufficient additional capital on acceptable terms or
at all. We may seek additional capital through a combination of private equity offerings, public equity offerings, debt financings and
strategic collaborations. If we raise additional funds through the issuance of equity or convertible debt securities, the percentage
ownership of our stockholders could be significantly diluted, and these newly issued securities may have rights, preferences or privileges
senior to those of existing stockholders. Debt financing, if obtained, may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting
our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, could increase our expenses and could require that our assets
secure such debt. Moreover, any debt we incur must be repaid regardless of our operating results. If we choose to pursue additional indications
and/or geographies for TZIELD or our product candidates, in-license or acquire additional development assets, or otherwise expand more
rapidly than we presently anticipate, we may also need to raise additional capital sooner than expected. 

57 

If
we are unable to raise additional capital when required or on acceptable terms, we may need to significantly delay, scale back or discontinue
the development or commercialization of TZIELD or one or more of our product candidates or cease operations altogether, or relinquish
or license on unfavorable terms, our rights to technologies or any future product candidates that we otherwise would seek to develop
or commercialize. 

Our
forecast of the period of time through which our financial resources will adequately support our operations is a forward-looking statement
and involves risks and uncertainties, and actual results could vary as a result of a number of factors, including the factors discussed
elsewhere in this Risk Factors section. We have based this estimate on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could utilize our
available capital resources sooner than we currently expect. 

Our
debt agreement with Hercules contains milestones that must be achieved in order to draw down on our debt facility and operating and financial
covenants that restrict our business and financing activities, and is subject to acceleration in specified circumstances, which may result
in Hercules taking possession of any collateral. 

The
third tranche of term loans under the Hercules LSA (the Third Tranche ), in an amount up to 10.0 million, may only be drawn
if the Second Tranche has been borrowed, subject to the achievement of (i) at least 70.0 million in new net cash proceeds from various
equity issuances (including convertible debt) and business development transactions on or prior to December 15, 2023 and (ii) achievement
of specified cumulative net product revenue related to TZIELD on or prior to November 30, 2023, provided that certain customary borrowing
conditions have been satisfied. The fourth tranche of term loans under the Hercules LSA (the Fourth Tranche ), in an amount
up to 35.0 million (less the actual funded amount, if any, of the Third Tranche), may be drawn, subject to the achievement of specified
trailing six-month net product revenue for any six-month period following the Closing Date and on or prior to September 30, 2024 (the
 Performance Milestone ), with the drawing of the Fourth Tranche to occur on or prior to the earlier of (x) December 15,
2024 and (y) ninety (90) days following the achievement of the Performance Milestone, provided that certain customary borrowing conditions
have been satisfied. The fifth tranche of term loans under the Hercules LSA, in an amount up to 25.0 million, is available solely at
the discretion of the Lenders. Each of the remaining tranches may be borrowed in multiple drawings. 

The
Hercules LSA requires that, commencing on January 1, 2023, the Company maintain, at all times, unrestricted cash, cash equivalents
and liquid funds held in accounts subject to a control agreement in favor of Hercules Liquidity in an amount not
less than 50.0 of the aggregate outstanding amount of the term loans plus the aggregate amount of the Company s accounts
payable that remain unpaid 120 days after their respective due dates; provided that, upon (x) achievement of an Approval Milestone,
which occurred on November 17, 2022, and (y) the effectiveness of the Performance Covenant (as defined in the Hercules LSA), the
minimum Liquidity required to be maintained by the Company will be an amount not less than the greater of (A) 20,000,000 and (B)
25 of the aggregate outstanding amount of the aggregate outstanding amount of the term loans plus the aggregate amount of the
Company s accounts payable that remain unpaid 120 days after their respective due dates. In addition, if the Company draws
Tranche 2, Tranche 3 and Tranche 4 of term loans, the Company is required to maintain minimum 6-month trailing revenue amounts,
measured monthly commencing with the delivery of financial statements for the period ending June 30, 2024, as set forth in the
Hercules LSA, provided that such minimum revenue covenant will be waived at any time in which the Company maintains (a) at least
 550.0 million of market capitalization and minimum Liquidity of not less than 50.0 of the aggregate outstanding amount of the term
loans or (b) minimum Liquidity of not less than 85.0 of the aggregate outstanding amount of the term loans. In addition, the
Hercules LSA includes customary representations and warranties and other covenants associated with a secured term loan facility for
similarly situated companies. 

We maintain our cash at financial institutions, often in balances
that exceed federally insured limits. 

We regularly maintain cash balances at multiple third-party financial institutions,
including Silicon Valley Bank SVB ), in excess of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC ), insurance
limits. If such banking institutions were to fail, we could lose all or a portion of those amounts held in excess of such insurance limitations.
For example, the FDIC took control of SVB, where we held certain of our cash and cash equivalents, on March 10, 2023. The Federal Reserve
subsequently announced that account holders would be made whole, and we were able to move substantially all of our cash and cash equivalents
to another financial institution. However, the FDIC may not make all account holders whole in the event of future bank failures. In addition,
even if account holders are ultimately made whole with respect to a future bank failure, account holders access to their accounts
and assets held in their accounts may be substantially delayed. Any material loss that we may experience in the future or inability for
a material time period to access our cash and cash equivalents could have an adverse effect on our ability to pay our operational expenses
or make other payments, which could adversely affect our business. 

We
may not be able to correctly estimate or control our future operating expenses, which could lead to cash shortfalls. 

Our
operating expenses may fluctuate significantly in the future as a result of a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control.
These factors include: 

the
 success of our development and commercialization strategy; 
 
 the
 time, resources, and expense required to develop and conduct clinical trials and seek regulatory
 approvals (including supplemental approvals), and pricing and reimbursement approvals, for
 TZIELD and our product candidates; 
 
 the
 time, resources, and expense required to maintain compliance with ongoing regulatory requirements; 

58 

the
 cost of preparing, filing, prosecuting, defending, and enforcing patent claims and other
 patent related costs, including litigation costs and the results of such litigation; 
 
 the
 cost of manufacturing and maintaining sufficient inventories of TZIELD and our product candidates
 to meet anticipated demand; 
 
 any
 product liability or other lawsuits related to TZIELD or our product candidates and the costs
 associated with defending them or the results of such lawsuits; 
 
 the
 cost of defending against securities litigation including stock-drop litigation and related
 derivative lawsuits; 
 
 the
 cost of growing our ongoing development operations and establishing commercialization operations,
 including sales, marketing and distribution capabilities; 
 
 the
 cost to attract and retain personnel with the skills required for effective operations; 
 
 the
 costs associated with being a public company; and 
 
 the
 costs associated with commercialization. 

Any
material increases in our operating expenses will have a material impact on our financial condition and business operations. In addition,
if we are unable to correctly estimate or control our future operating expenses, we may need to raise additional capital, delay or cease
development or commercialization of TZIELD or one or more of our product candidates, which could have a material adverse effect on our
business, operating results and prospects. 

Risks
Related to Product Development, Regulatory Approval, Manufacturing and Commercialization 

Clinical
drug development involves a risky, lengthy and expensive process with an uncertain outcome. Although prior pre-clinical and clinical
studies, data and analysis may support our belief in the potential of our product candidates, the results of our ongoing clinical trials
for them may not be positive or supportive of our beliefs. We may incur additional costs or experience delays in completing, or ultimately
be unable to complete, the development and commercialization of TZIELD in additional indications or any of our other product candidates,
which could negatively and materially impact our business. 

We
are pursuing clinical development of TZIELD for use in newly diagnosed T1D patients and have plans for label expansion efforts and development
in other indications, in addition to our ongoing clinical development of our other product candidates. It is impossible to predict if
or when any of our product candidates will prove safe or effective in humans or will receive regulatory approval and pricing and reimbursement
approval, and the risk of failure through the development process is high. Before obtaining marketing approval (or supplemental approvals)
from regulatory authorities for the sale of our product candidates, we must conduct extensive clinical trials to demonstrate the safety
and efficacy of the product candidates in humans. Clinical testing is expensive, time-consuming and uncertain as to outcome. We cannot
guarantee that any clinical trials will be conducted as planned or completed on schedule, if at all. A failure of one or more clinical
trials can occur at any stage of testing. 

We
will be required to submit our clinical trial protocols and receive approvals from the regulatory authorities before we can commence
additional studies with our product candidates. Nonclinical study results for our product candidates, including toxicology studies, may
not support the filing of an IND or foreign equivalent for the product candidate. 

Moreover,
we may not be successful in obtaining acceptance from the regulatory authorities to start our clinical trials. Prior to commencing any
clinical trials, we will also have to obtain approval from the IRB, or Ethics Committee EC in each of the countries in which we plan to conduct our clinical trials. If we do not obtain or maintain such acceptance, the time in
which we expect to commence and conduct clinical programs for any product candidate will be extended and such extension will increase
our expenses and increase our need for additional capital. 

Further,
there is no guarantee that our clinical trials will be successful or that we will continue clinical development in support of an approval
from the regulatory authorities for our product candidates. Our clinical trial results may show our product candidates to be less effective
than expected or have unacceptable side effects or toxicities. For example, our Phase 2a PRINCE trial did not achieve its primary endpoint
of a change in Crohn s Disease Activity Index Score at week 12 as compared to placebo. We note that most drug candidates never
reach the clinical development stage and even those that do commence clinical development have only a small chance of successfully completing
clinical development and gaining regulatory approval. 

59 

The
outcome of preclinical studies and early clinical trials may not be predictive of the success of later clinical trials, and interim
results of a clinical trial do not necessarily predict final results. Further, product candidates in later stages of clinical trials
may fail to show the desired safety and efficacy profile despite having progressed through pre-clinical studies and initial clinical
trials. A number of companies in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries have suffered significant setbacks in advanced
clinical trials due to lack of efficacy or adverse safety profiles, notwithstanding promising results in earlier studies, and we
cannot be certain that we will not face similar setbacks. Additionally, data submitted to regulators are subject to varying
interpretations that could delay, limit or prevent agency approval. We cannot assure you that the FDA, EMA, MHRA or comparable
foreign regulatory authorities will view the results as we do or that any future trials of any of TZIELD or our product candidates
will achieve positive results or regulatory approvals, or be successfully commercialized. 

The
success of our current and future product candidates will depend on several factors, including the following: 

successful
 completion of preclinical and clinical studies with positive results; 
 
 sufficiency
 of our financial and other resources to complete the necessary preclinical and clinical studies
 or trials; 
 
 entry
 into partnerships or collaborations to further the development of our product candidates; 
 
 investigational
 new drug or clinical trial authorization applications, being cleared such that our product
 candidates can commence clinical trials; 
 
 successful
 initiation of enrollment in and completion of clinical trials; 
 
 successful
 data from our clinical programs that support a finding of safety and effectiveness and an
 acceptable risk-benefit profile of our product candidates in the intended populations; 
 
 receipt
 of regulatory, marketing and pricing and reimbursement approvals from applicable regulatory
 authorities; 
 
 establishment
 of arrangements with third-party manufacturers for clinical supply and commercial manufacturing
 and, where applicable, commercial manufacturing capabilities; 
 
 successful
 development of our internal manufacturing processes and transfer, where applicable, from
 our reliance on CMOs, to our own manufacturing facility or other CMOs, or from our own manufacturing
 facility to CMOs or the facilities of collaboration partners; 
 
 establishment
 and maintenance of patent and trade secret protection or regulatory exclusivity for our product
 candidates; 
 
 commercial
 launch of our product candidates, if and when approved, whether alone or in collaboration
 with others, including our ability to recruit and retain commercial talent; 
 
 acceptance
 of our product candidates and their therapeutic uses, if and when approved, by patients,
 the medical community and third-party payers; 
 
 competition
with other therapies and treatment options, including the impact of competition on enrollment of clinical trials; 
 
 establishment
 and maintenance of healthcare coverage and adequate reimbursement from third-party payers
 and national healthcare systems for any approved products; 
 
 enforcement
 and defense of intellectual property rights and claims; 
 
 maintenance
 of a continued acceptable safety profile of the product candidates following approval; and 
 
 achieving
 desirable medicinal properties for the intended indications. 

If
we do not succeed in one or more of these factors in a timely manner or at all, we could experience significant delays or an inability
to successfully commercialize our product candidates. We cannot assure you that our product candidates will be successfully developed
or commercialized. If we are unable to develop, or obtain regulatory approval or pricing and reimbursement approval for, or, if approved,
to successfully commercialize our product candidates, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and
prospects. 

The
ongoing coronavirus 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic has caused delays to our clinical trials, and may continue to impact our clinical trial
and other business plans and timelines. Another surge in cases may lead to restrictions that limit our ability to engage healthcare providers, and therefore
impact our launch trajectory. In addition, the ongoing pandemic has caused substantial disruption in the financial markets
and may adversely impact economies worldwide, both of which could result in adverse effects on our business, operations and ability to
raise capital. 

The
COVID-19 pandemic has caused, and may continue to cause, delays to the development of certain of our product candidates. Delays in completing
our clinical trials are expected to increase our costs, slow our development and approval process and could negatively impact our ability
to commence product sales and generate revenues. We have experienced some level of disruption to each of our current trials. We completed
target enrollment in the PROTECT study in August 2021 and expect to report top-line results in the second half of 2023, subject to change
for any potential interruptions related to COVID-19, regulatory decisions or issues or other interruptions. We initiated the ordesekimab
Phase 2b trial in gluten free diet NRCD in August 2020 and the pandemic has caused difficulties and delays in recruitment. As a result
of these delays, we now expect to report top-line results from the PROACTIVE study by the end of 2023. The ongoing effects of the COVID-19
pandemic have affected the PREVAIL-2 study enrollment, primarily due to resource constraints at the clinical site level and subdued patient
interest in participating in clinical trials of immune modulatory agents. We now expect top-line results of the PREVAIL-2 study in the
second half of 2024. 

60 

Timely
enrollment in our clinical trials is dependent upon global clinical trial sites which may be adversely affected by global health matters,
such as pandemics. We are currently conducting clinical trials for TZIELD and our product candidates in many countries, including the
United States, the European Union, the United Kingdom and Canada and may expand to other geographies. Many of these regions in which we operate may
continue to be affected by COVID-19, which may delay or otherwise adversely affect enrollment in the clinical trials of TZIELD and our
product candidates, as well as adversely impact our supply chain or business operations generally. 

The
pandemic has caused significant disruptions in the financial markets, and may continue to cause such disruptions, which could adversely
impact our ability to raise additional funds through public offerings or private placements and may also impact the volatility of our
stock price and trading in our stock. Moreover, it is possible the pandemic will continue to significantly impact economies worldwide,
which could result in adverse effects on our business and operations. Additionally, the pandemic could negatively impact our ability
to execute a successful launch of TZIELD, which could impact our revenue making potential and have other negative material adverse impacts
on our business. The full extent of the impact and effects of COVID-19 on our business, operations, liquidity, financial condition and
results of operations remain uncertain at this time. 

We
are completely dependent on third parties to manufacture TZIELD and our product candidates with no, to limited redundancies in our supply
chain. The commercialization of TZIELD and the clinical trials of TZIELD and our product candidates could be halted, delayed or made
less profitable if those third parties fail to provide us with sufficient quantities of TZIELD or fail to do so at acceptable quality
levels or prices. 

We
do not currently have, nor do we plan to acquire, the capability or infrastructure to manufacture TZIELD and our product candidates.
As a result, we are obligated to rely on contract manufacturers for commercial and clinical supply of TZIELD and clinical supplies of
our product candidates. 

The
facilities used by our contract manufacturers to manufacture TZIELD and any future product candidates that may receive marketing approval
must be approved by the FDA, the competent authorities of the European Union Member States, MHRA or other regulatory authorities as part
of the NDA or BLA submitted to the FDA or equivalent applications to other relevant regulatory authorities. We are completely dependent
on our contract manufacturers for compliance with GMPs for manufacture of both active drug substances and finished drug products. These
GMP regulations cover all aspects of the manufacturing, testing, quality control and record keeping relating to TZIELD and our product
candidates. If our contract manufacturers do not successfully manufacture material that conforms to our specifications and the strict
regulatory requirements of the FDA, the competent authorities of the European Union Member States, MHRA or other regulatory authorities,
they will not be able to secure and/or maintain regulatory approval for their manufacturing facilities. If the FDA, the competent authorities
of the European Union Member States, MHRA or a comparable foreign regulatory authority does not approve these facilities for the manufacture
of TZIELD or our product candidates or if it withdraws any such approval in the future, we may need to find alternative manufacturing
facilities, which would significantly impact our ability to develop, obtain, and maintain regulatory approval for or market TZIELD or
any future product candidates that may receive marketing approval. 

Our
contract manufacturers are subject to ongoing periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA and corresponding state and foreign agencies
for compliance with GMPs and similar regulatory requirements. Although we are responsible for oversight of manufacturing of TZIELD and
our product candidates, we do not have control over our contract manufacturers compliance with these regulations and standards.
Failure by any of our contract manufacturers to comply with applicable regulations could result in sanctions being imposed on us, including
fines, injunctions, civil penalties, failure to grant approval to market any of our product candidates, delays, suspensions or withdrawals
of approvals, operating restrictions and criminal prosecutions, any of which could significantly and adversely affect our business. In
addition, although we have audit and certain other oversight rights under our contracts with our contract manufacturers, we do not have
control over the ability of our contract manufacturers to maintain adequate quality control, quality assurance and qualified personnel.
Failure by our contract manufacturers to comply with or maintain any of these standards could adversely affect our ability to develop,
obtain or maintain regulatory approval for or market TZIELD or our product candidates. 

61 

If,
for any reason, these third parties are unable or unwilling to perform, we may not be able to terminate our agreements with them, to
the extent applicable, and we may not be able to locate alternative manufacturers or formulators or enter into favorable agreements with
them and we cannot be certain that any such third parties will have the manufacturing capacity to meet future requirements. If these
manufacturers or any alternate manufacturer of finished drug product experiences any significant difficulties in its respective manufacturing
processes for our drug substance or finished drug products or should cease doing business with us, we could experience significant interruptions
in the supply of TZIELD or our product candidates or may not be able to create a supply of TZIELD or our product candidates at all. Were
we to encounter manufacturing issues, our ability to produce a sufficient supply of any of TZIELD or our product candidates might be
negatively affected. Our inability to coordinate the efforts of our third-party manufacturers, or the lack of capacity available at our
third-party manufacturers, could impair our ability to supply any of TZIELD or our product candidates at required levels. Because of
the significant regulatory requirements that we would need to satisfy in order to qualify a new active drug substances or finished drug
products manufacturer, if we face these or other difficulties with our current manufacturers, we could experience significant interruptions
in the supply of TZIELD or our product candidates if we decided to transfer the manufacture of TZIELD or our product candidates to one
or more alternative manufacturers in an effort to deal with the manufacturing issues. Additionally, failing to obtain sufficient supply
of TZIELD or our product candidates, due to manufacturing or other issues, may lead to regulatory delays and other issues which may negatively
affect our business. 

Any
manufacturing problem or the loss of a contract manufacturer could be disruptive to our operations and result in lost sales. Additionally,
we rely on third parties to supply the raw materials needed to manufacture TZIELD. Any reliance on suppliers may involve several risks,
including a potential inability to obtain critical materials and reduced control over production costs, delivery schedules, reliability
and quality. Any unanticipated disruption to a contract manufacturer caused by problems at suppliers could delay shipment of TZIELD,
increase our cost of goods sold and result in lost sales. 

We
cannot guarantee that our future manufacturers and suppliers will be able to reduce the costs of commercial scale manufacturing of TZIELD
or our product candidates over time. If the commercial-scale manufacturing costs of TZIELD or our product candidates are higher than
expected, these costs may significantly impact our operating results. In order to reduce costs, we may need to develop and implement
process improvements. However, in order to do so, we will need, from time to time, to notify or make submissions with regulatory authorities,
and the improvements may be subject to approval by such regulatory authorities. We cannot be sure that we will receive these necessary
approvals or that these approvals will be granted in a timely fashion. We also cannot guarantee that we will be able to enhance and optimize
output in our commercial manufacturing process. If we cannot enhance and optimize output, we may not be able to reduce our costs over
time. 

If
the contract manufacturers we use fail to comply with their TZIELD contractual obligations to us, or they fail to comply with applicable
FDA regulations and requirements, we may be required to enter into new statements of work or other agreements with CMOs and incur additional
costs to increase our commercial supply of TZIELD and if we are not able to do so successfully, on commercially reasonable terms and
in a timely manner our business may be negatively and materially impacted. 

Each
of our contract manufacturers for TZIELD is a single source supplier. If any of the contract manufacturers in the supply chain for TZIELD
experiences a delay or is unable to deliver the products or components necessary to manufacture the subject product, our ability to produce
the affected product would be materially impaired. 

Although
we believe we currently have adequate supply to support TZIELD clinical and commercial supply demands, and through existing contracts
with our CMOs, we have the ability to enter into new statements of work to increase our existing supply as needed, we do not have pre-set
ongoing commitments from AGC Biologics for commercial supply of TZIELD or with any other contract manufacturers of our product candidates.
Our current agreement with AGC Biologics for the supply of TZIELD as well as agreements with other contract manufacturers operate on
a statement of work basis. If we are unable to reach agreement with AGC Biologics on the production of TZIELD for commercial use, or
if we are unable to maintain commercial relationships with contract manufacturers, we may not have sufficient supply of TZIELD to fulfill
customer orders or sufficient supply for our clinical trials. Identifying, qualifying and transferring manufacturing to secondary sources
is a time-consuming and expensive process and there is no guaranty that we would be able to reach an agreement with a secondary source
on acceptable terms, which could have a material adverse effect on our sales, results or operations and financial condition. 

62 

Our
experience manufacturing TZIELD and our other product candidates is limited, and if the FDA requires any changes to our manufacturing
process for our products, we are dependent on our CMOs and service providers to timely and compliantly deliver on their contractual obligations.
If they fail to do so, this can materially and adversely impact our commercial product supply, product development plans and timelines.
Additionally, if we encounter any manufacturing issues, we may experience delays or disruptions to our commercialization of TZIELD or
our ongoing product development efforts for our product candidates, including our ongoing and planned clinical trials. 

We
have limited experience manufacturing TZIELD and we currently rely on single-source, third-party manufacturers to supply us with drug
substance and drug product. We historically relied upon an existing supply of TZIELD drug substance produced by Eli Lilly to manufacture
drug product at our third-party manufacturer for use in our clinical trials of TZIELD. We have entered into agreements with our third-party
manufacturers to manufacture TZIELD or for our commercial and clinical supply needs. We believe supplies of TZIELD sufficient to supply
the PROTECT study and to fulfill our initial commercial launch needs in the United States, have already been manufactured by our third-party
manufacturers and have the ability to enter into new statements of work with our manufacturers to increase our TZIELD supply. 

The
FDA has included CMC post-marketing requirements for TZIELD that relate to developing improved assays for release and/or stability
testing and continuing to evaluate the root cause for quality differences that could account for ACG and Lilly PK differences. If
our CMOs and vendors fail to support us in successfully executing our CMC and other post-marketing commitments or we are not able to
comply with the FDA s post-marketing commitments, including requirements for a pediatric stage 2 study, a registry for long
term safety data and delivery of AGC and Eli Lilly safety data from the PROTECT study that is positive, the FDA could require us to
conduct additional studies or require updates to our label, which would require additional time, expenses, and resources and
negatively impact the supply of TZIELD for our clinical and commercial needs and our business. 

Changes
in product candidate manufacturing or formulation may result in additional costs or delay. 

As
product candidates are developed through preclinical studies to late-stage clinical trials towards approval and commercialization, it
is common that various aspects of the development program, such as manufacturing methods and formulation, are altered in an effort to
optimize processes. During the course of a development program, sponsors may also change the contract manufacturers used to produce the
product candidates. Also, if we, through third-parties, engage in the scale-up of manufacturing, we may encounter unexpected issues relating
to the manufacturing process or the quality, purity and stability of the product, and we may be required to refine or alter our manufacturing
processes to address these issues. Such changes carry the risk that they will not achieve these intended objectives. Any of these changes
could cause our product candidates to perform differently and affect the results of clinical trials. Such changes may also require additional
testing, notification or approval by the FDA, the competent authorities of the European Union Member States, MHRA or other regulatory
authorities. This could delay completion of clinical trials; require the conduct of bridging clinical trials or studies, or the repetition
of one or more clinical trials; increase clinical trial costs; delay approval of our product candidates and jeopardize our ability to
commence product sales and generate revenue. 

We
may encounter substantial delays in completing our ongoing clinical trials or starting any new clinical trials, which in turn may require
additional costs, which could negatively and materially impact our business. 

Clinical
testing is expensive, time-consuming and uncertain as to outcome. We cannot guarantee that any clinical trials will be conducted as planned
or completed on schedule, if at all. A failure of one or more clinical trials can occur at any stage of testing. Events that may prevent
successful or timely completion of clinical development include: 

delays
 in reaching, or failing to reach, a consensus with regulatory agencies on study design; 
 
 delays
 in reaching, or failing to reach, agreement on acceptable terms with a sufficient number
 of prospective CROs, and clinical trial sites, the terms of which can be subject to extensive
 negotiation and may vary significantly among different CROs and trial sites; 

63 

delays
 in obtaining required IRB, or EC, approval in the country where the clinical trial will be
 conducted; 
 
 delays
 in recruiting a sufficient number of suitable patients to participate in our clinical trials; 
 
 delays
 as a result of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on clinical trial recruitment or other
 clinical trial activities; 
 
 imposition
 of a clinical hold by regulatory agencies, IRBs, or ECs; 
 
 failure
 by our CROs, other third parties or us to adhere to contractual, clinical trial, regulatory
 or legal requirements; 
 
 failure
 to perform in accordance with the FDA s GCP or applicable regulatory guidelines in
 other countries; 
 
 delays
 in the testing, validation, manufacturing and delivery of sufficient quantities of our product
 candidates to the clinical sites; 
 
 delays
 in having patients complete participation in a study or return for post-treatment
 follow-up; 
 
 subjects
 choosing an alternative treatment for the indications for which we are developing our product
 candidates, or participating in competing clinical trials; 
 
 clinical
 study sites or patients dropping out of a study; 
 
 delay
 or failure to address any patient safety concerns that arise during the course of a trial; 
 
 unanticipated
 costs or increases in costs of clinical trials of our product candidates; 
 
 occurrence
 of serious adverse events associated with the product candidate that are viewed to outweigh
 its potential benefits; or 
 
 changes
 in regulatory requirements and guidance that require amending or submitting new clinical
 protocols. 

We
could also encounter delays if a clinical trial is suspended or terminated by us, by the IRBs or ECs of the countries in which such trials
are being conducted, by an independent Safety Review Board for such trial or by the FDA, MHRA, the competent authorities of the European
Union Member States, or other regulatory authorities. Such authorities may suspend or terminate a clinical trial due to a number of factors,
including failure to conduct the clinical trial in accordance with regulatory requirements or our clinical protocols, inspection of the
clinical trial operations or trial site by the FDA, MHRA, the competent authorities of the European Union Member States, or other regulatory
authorities resulting in the imposition of a clinical hold, unforeseen safety issues or adverse side effects, failure to demonstrate
a benefit from using a drug, changes in governmental regulations or administrative actions or lack of adequate funding to continue the
clinical trial. 

Product
development costs for any of our product candidates will increase if we have delays in testing or approval or if we need to perform more
or larger clinical trials than planned. Additionally, changes in regulatory requirements and policies may occur and we may need to amend
study protocols to reflect these changes. Amendments may require us to resubmit our study protocols to the FDA, comparable foreign regulatory
authorities, and IRBs/ECs for reexamination, which may impact the costs, timing or successful completion of that study. If we experience
delays in completion of, or if we, the FDA or other regulatory authorities, the IRB, the ECs or other reviewing entities, or any of our
clinical trial sites suspend or terminate any of our clinical trials of any of our product candidates, its commercial prospects may be
materially harmed and our ability to generate product revenues will be delayed. Any delays in completing our clinical trials will increase
our costs, slow down our development and approval process and jeopardize our ability to commence product sales and generate revenues.
Any of these occurrences may harm our business, financial condition and prospects significantly. In addition, many of the factors that
cause, or lead to, termination or suspension of, or a delay in the commencement or completion of, clinical trials may also ultimately
lead to the denial of regulatory approval, or pricing and reimbursement approval, of our product candidates. In addition, if one or more
clinical trials are delayed, our competitors may be able to bring products to market before we do, and the commercial viability of any
of our product candidates could be significantly reduced. Clinical trial delays could also shorten any periods during which we may have
the exclusive right to commercialize our product candidates or allow our competitors to bring products to market before we do, which
could impair our ability to successfully commercialize our product candidates. In addition, any delays in completing our clinical trials
will increase our costs, slow down our product candidate development and approval process and jeopardize our ability to commence product
sales and generate revenues. Any of these occurrences may significantly harm our business, financial condition and prospects. In addition,
many of the factors that cause, or lead to, a delay in the commencement or completion of clinical trials may also ultimately lead to
the denial of regulatory approval, or pricing and reimbursement approval, of our product candidates. 

64 

We
may not be successful in our efforts to develop and obtain FDA approval for TZIELD for additional indications. 

The
FDA approved TZIELD as a treatment indicated to delay the onset of Stage 3 T1D in adults and pediatric patients
aged 8 years and older with Stage 2 T1D. We do not anticipate obtaining FDA approval for TZIELD in additional indications without
additional clinical data. Additional clinical trials will require time and expense, and these trials may fail to generate results
that demonstrate to the satisfaction of the FDA that TZIELD is safe and effective in additional indications. Even if we obtain FDA
approval for additional indications, we may not be able to obtain pricing and reimbursement approval for these indications. If we
are unable to expand the indications for use of TZIELD, our business and prospects could be adversely affected. 

We
may never receive approval to commercialize TZIELD outside of the United States 

We have not received regulatory approval to commercialize TZIELD in the European Union, United Kingdom or in any other countries outside
the United States. However, the regulatory framework in these countries provides a pathway for an unauthorized medicinal product to be
supplied in response to a bona fide unsolicited request of a healthcare professional in order to fulfil the special needs of the patient(s)
under his/her care, and this is commonly known as named patient supply. Given that no authorized methods of treatment are available for
Stage 2 of T1D, we have relied on the regulatory framework for named-patient supply for early patient access to TZIELD. Obtaining and maintaining regulatory approval, or pricing and reimbursement
approval, of our product candidates in one jurisdiction does not guarantee that we will be able to obtain or maintain equivalent approvals
in any other jurisdiction, but a failure or delay in obtaining regulatory approval in one jurisdiction may have a negative effect on
the regulatory approval process in others. Approval procedures vary among jurisdictions and can involve requirements and administrative
review periods different from those in the United States, including additional preclinical studies or clinical trials, as clinical trials
conducted in one jurisdiction may not be accepted by regulatory authorities in other jurisdictions. 

For
example, in the European Union, we have initiated the process of seeking scientific advice from the CHMP, with respect to the
regulatory pathway for teplizumab. While the guidance provided in scientific advice procedures do not seek to pre-evaluate the
results of studies, the initial scientific advice letter that we received from CHMP in December 2020 suggested that an additional
confirmatory study would be necessary to support an MAA, for the use of teplizumab in at-risk individuals. We plan to engage
with CHMP to further elucidate the disease-modifying effect of teplizumab supported by study data in the context of clinical
management of T1D, specifically in at-risk individuals. If, however, the EMA determines that our current teplizumab data package is
insufficient to support an MAA for at-risk individuals and requires additional studies or data, such determination would delay or
prevent approval of teplizumab in the European Union and European Economic Area EEA for this indication. We have
independently engaged with the MHRA to discuss a potential regulatory path for teplizumab in the United Kingdom. We filed for and
received in July 2021 an Innovation Passport for teplizumab in the United Kingdom for the at-risk indication. The Innovation Passport is the mandated entry point to the ILAP in the United Kingdom to facilitate approval of and market access to an
innovative medicine. Additionally, we have engaged the MHRA in a scientific advice procedure to discuss, among other topics, ILAP.
The discussions with and feedback from the MHRA in the United Kingdom, ILAP partner agencies such as the NICE and the Scottish
Medicines Consortium will help us evaluate the possible regulatory and market access paths forward in the United Kingdom for teplizumab. On
April 20, 2021 we received a scientific advice letter from the MHRA on matters relating to the therapeutic position, non-clinical
and clinical characterization of teplizumab. In addition, we have submitted a pediatric investigation plan PIP to the MHRA. There is no guarantee
the MHRA will approve the PIP in a timely manner for regulatory approval. We have started a preliminary discussion with MHRA and its ILAP partners in the
development of a TDP and identification of the relevant toolkits to support approval of and market access to teplizumab in the
United Kingdom. Further engagement with the MHRA and its ILAP partners is planned in 2023. There is no guarantee that a similar
position would be taken by the EMA in the European Union. The advice given by the MHRA makes clear that it is not legally binding
with regard to any future MAA for teplizumab, nor can it be taken as indicative of any future agreed position. The MHRA indicated in
its letter that it is of the view that there is an unmet medical need for a treatment that delays or prevents progression to T1D in
at-risk patients. The MHRA did not request another confirmatory study to be carried out, acknowledging that the indication being
sought is rare and that we may have difficulties recruiting sufficient numbers of subjects for such a study. However, the MHRA has
considered that an MAA may benefit from additional supplementary information on patient preference. Such additional information
would seek to strengthen the argument that teplizumab would benefit the at-risk patients according to the proposed label claim. The
MHRA also considered that reliance on one pivotal study to obtain a marketing authorization ought to meet the criteria described in
the EMA/CPMP guidance entitled Points to consider on application with (i) meta-analyses and (ii) one pivotal study 
(CPMP/EWP/2330/99), which for the time being, is still relevant to applications made in the United Kingdom. We also plan additional
engagements with EMA and other European stakeholders, including the relevant European national regulatory authorities, in 2023;
however, these stakeholders may not agree with our views on our teplizumab data package or our view of the relevant medical need in
at-risk populations and our efforts may not lead to favorable positions or decisions relating to or an approval of teplizumab by the
MHRA or a positive opinion by the EMA and a subsequent marketing authorization by the European Commission. Even if teplizumab is
approved in United Kingdom and/or in the European Union, the MHRA or EMA/European Commission, may limit the indication for which the
product may be marketed, require extensive warnings on the product labeling or require expensive and time-consuming additional
clinical trials or reporting as conditions of an approval, amongst other requirements which we may or may not be able to comply
with. Even if teplizumab were to be granted a marketing authorization, we could not guarantee that the payers and health technology
agencies in the United Kingdom and the Member States of the European Union would accept the therapeutic value and/or
cost-effectiveness of teplizumab for it to be adopted for clinical use in the respective national health systems. 

65 

The
process for obtaining approval of an MAA or any other filing for approval in a foreign country is an extensive, lengthy, expensive and
uncertain process and the regulatory authority may reject a filing or delay, limit or deny marketing approval for many reasons. In many
jurisdictions outside the United States, a product candidate must be approved for reimbursement before it can be approved for sale, Failure
to obtain marketing approval in other countries or any delay or setback in obtaining such approval would impair our ability to develop
foreign markets for TZIELD and could adversely affect our business and financial condition. Any such complications may reduce our target
market and delay or limit the full commercial potential of TZIELD. 

We
have conducted and are conducting clinical trials outside the United States and anticipate conducting additional clinical trials outside
the United States, and the FDA may not accept data from such trials. 

We
are currently conducting clinical trials for TZIELD and our product candidates in countries outside of the United States and we anticipate
that we will conduct additional clinical trials in countries outside the United States. Although the FDA may accept data from clinical
trials conducted outside the United States, acceptance of such study data by the FDA is subject to certain conditions. For example, the
clinical trial must be conducted in accordance with GCP requirements, and the FDA must be able to validate the data from the clinical
trial through an onsite inspection if it deems such inspection necessary. Where data from foreign clinical trials are intended to serve
as the sole basis for marketing approval in the United States, the FDA will not approve the application on the basis of foreign data
alone unless those data are considered applicable to the United States patient population and United States medical practice, the clinical
trials were performed by clinical investigators of recognized competence, and the data is considered valid without the need for an on-site
inspection by the FDA or, if the FDA considers such an inspection to be necessary, the FDA is able to validate the data through an on-site
inspection or other appropriate means. In addition, such clinical trials would be subject to the applicable local laws of the foreign
jurisdictions where the clinical trials are conducted. A description of any studies related to overdosage is also required, including
information on dialysis, antidotes, or other treatments, if known. There can be no assurance the FDA will accept data from clinical trials
conducted outside of the United States. If the FDA does not accept any such data, it would likely result in the need for additional clinical
trials, which would be costly and time-consuming and delay aspects of our development plan. 

Risks
inherent in conducting international clinical trials include, but are not limited to: 

foreign
 regulatory requirements that could burden or limit our ability to conduct our clinical trials; 
 
 administrative
 burdens of conducting clinical trials under multiple foreign regulatory schema; 
 
 foreign
 currency fluctuations which could negatively impact our financial condition since certain
 payments are paid in local currencies; 
 
 manufacturing,
 customs, shipment and storage requirements; 
 
 cultural
 differences in medical practice and clinical research; and 
 
 diminished
 protection of intellectual property in some countries. 

Biologics
carry unique risks and uncertainties, which could have a negative impact on future results of operations. 

The
successful discovery, development, manufacturing and sale of biologics is a long, expensive and uncertain process. There are unique risks
and uncertainties with biologics. For example, access to and supply of necessary biological materials, such as cell lines, may be limited
and governmental regulations restrict access to and regulate the transport and use of such materials. In addition, the development, manufacturing
and sale of biologics is subject to regulations that are often more complex and extensive than the regulations applicable to other pharmaceutical
products. Manufacturing biologics, especially in large quantities, is often complex and may require the use of innovative technologies.
Such manufacturing also requires facilities specifically designed and validated for this purpose and sophisticated quality assurance
and quality control procedures. Biologics are also frequently costly to manufacture because production inputs are derived from living
animal or plant material, and some biologics cannot be made synthetically by a chemical process. In addition, after receiving product
approval, the FDA and other regulatory authorities may require us to submit samples of any lot of any approved product together with
the protocols showing the results of applicable tests at any time. Under some circumstances, the FDA and other regulatory authorities
may require that we not distribute a lot until the agency authorizes its release. Failure to successfully discover, develop, manufacture
and sell biologics could adversely impact our business and results of operations. 

66 

If
we are not able to obtain any required regulatory approvals for our product candidates, we will not be able to commercialize our product
candidates and our ability to generate revenue from these products will be limited. 

The
research, testing, manufacturing, labeling, packaging, storage, approval, sale, marketing, advertising and promotion, pricing,
export, import and distribution of drug products are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA, EMA, MHRA and other regulatory
authorities in the United States, European Union, United Kingdom and other countries, where regulations differ from country to
country. We are not permitted to market our product candidates as prescription pharmaceutical products in the United States until we
receive approval of an NDA, or BLA from the FDA, or in any foreign countries until we receive the requisite approval from
such countries. In the United States, the FDA generally requires the completion of clinical trials of each drug to establish its
safety and efficacy and extensive pharmaceutical development to ensure its quality before an NDA or a BLA is approved. Regulatory
authorities in other jurisdictions impose similar requirements. Of the large number of drugs in development, only a small percentage
result in the submission of an NDA or a BLA to the FDA or other regulatory authorities and even fewer are eventually approved for
commercialization. Changes in regulatory approval policies during the development period, changes in or the enactment of additional
statutes or regulations, or changes in regulatory review for a submitted product application may cause delays in the approval or
rejection of an application. Securing marketing approval requires the submission of extensive preclinical and clinical data and
supporting information to regulatory authorities for each therapeutic indication to establish the product candidate s safety
and efficacy. Securing marketing approval also requires the submission of information about the product manufacturing process to,
and inspection of manufacturing facilities and grant of manufacturing authorizations by the regulatory authorities. Our product
candidates may not be effective, may be only moderately effective or may prove to have undesirable or unintended side effects,
toxicities or other characteristics that may preclude our obtaining marketing approval or prevent or limit commercial use. If our
development efforts for our product candidates, including regulatory approval, are not successful for their planned indications, our
business will be materially adversely affected. Our success depends on the receipt of regulatory approval and the issuance of such
regulatory approvals is uncertain and subject to a number of risks, including the following: 

the
 results of our clinical trials may not be satisfactory or may not meet the level of statistical
 or clinical significance required by the FDA, EMA/European Commission, MHRA or other regulatory
 agencies for marketing approval; 
 
 the
 dosing of our product candidates in a particular clinical trial may not be at an optimal
 level; 
 
 we
 may be required to provide additional analysis or data for already completed clinical studies,
 or conduct additional studies; 
 
 the
 FDA, EMA, MHRA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may require us to obtain clearance,
 CE marking or approval of companion diagnostic tests; 
 
 the
 FDA, EMA, MHRA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree on the design or
 implementation of our clinical trials, including the methodology used in our studies, our
 chosen endpoints, our statistical analysis, or our proposed product indication; 
 
 our
 failure to demonstrate to the satisfaction of the FDA, EMA, MHRA or comparable regulatory
 authorities that a product candidate is safe and effective for its proposed indication; 
 
 we
 may fail to demonstrate that a product candidate s clinical benefits outweigh its safety
 risks; 
 
 immunogenicity
 might affect a product candidate efficacy and/or safety; 
 
 the
 FDA, MHRA, the competent authorities of the European Union Member States or comparable foreign
 regulatory authorities may disagree with our interpretation of data from nonclinical studies
 or clinical trials; 
 
 the
 FDA, MHRA, the competent authorities of the European Union Member States or comparable foreign
 regulatory authorities may fail to approve the manufacturing processes or facilities of third-party
 manufacturers with whom we contract for clinical and commercial supplies; or 
 
 there
 may be changes in the approval policies or regulations that render our nonclinical and clinical
 data insufficient for approval. 

67 

Additionally,
even if we obtain regulatory approval for one indication, there is no guarantee we will be able to gain regulatory approval for additional
indications. For example, we intend to initially seek regulatory approval for our CVB vaccine product candidate for the prevention of
acute CVB infection. The results of longitudinal studies demonstrating the connection between CVB and T1D or celiac disease will be necessary
to expand the indicated use of this vaccine to T1D. These studies must be completed and submitted to the FDA, MHRA or EMA prior to receiving
approval in the United States, United Kingdom or European Union to market the CVB vaccine for additional indications such as prevention
of T1D. Such studies will be costly and time consuming and may not demonstrate to the FDA s, MHRA s or EMA s satisfaction
the connection between the CVB virus and the onset of T1D or celiac disease. Failure or delay in obtaining regulatory approval for our
product candidates for the foregoing, or any other reasons, will prevent or delay us from commercializing our product candidates, and
our ability to generate revenue from these candidates will be materially impaired. We cannot guarantee that regulators will agree with
our assessment of the results of the clinical trials we have conducted or intend to conduct in the future or that such future trials
will be successful. The FDA, EMA, MHRA and other regulators have substantial discretion in the approval process and may refuse to accept
any application or may decide that our data is insufficient for approval and require additional clinical trials, or pre-clinical or other
studies. In addition, varying interpretations of the data obtained from pre-clinical and clinical testing could delay, limit or prevent
regulatory approval of our product candidates. 

In
addition, after receiving regulatory approval of our product candidates and/or any additional indications, prior to commercialization,
payers and health technology agencies will assess the therapeutic value and/or cost-effectiveness for the product candidates and/or additional
indications before such product candidates can be adopted for clinical use in the respective national health systems and this is referred
to as pricing and reimbursement approval throughout this document. Without such pricing and reimbursement approvals, the commercialization
and market access of the product candidates would be significantly impacted. We cannot guarantee that pricing and reimbursement approval
would be obtained. 

We
are subject to ongoing obligations and continued regulatory review, which may result in significant additional expense. If we fail
to comply with these requirements or if we experience unanticipated problems with TZIELD, the FDA could impose labeling and other
restrictions or require TZIELD be withdrawn from the market and we may be subject to penalties. 

TZIELD,
and any other product candidate for which we obtain marketing approval, will be subject to ongoing regulatory requirements governing
the manufacturing, labeling, packaging, storage, distribution, safety surveillance, advertising, promotion, recordkeeping and reporting
of adverse events and other post-market information. These requirements include submissions of safety and other post marketing information
and reports, registration and listing requirements, cGMP requirements relating to quality control, quality assurance and corresponding
maintenance of records and documents, requirements regarding the distribution of samples to physicians and recordkeeping. Even if marketing
approval of a product candidate is granted, the approval may be subject to limitations on the indicated uses for which the product may
be marketed or to the conditions of approval, or contain requirements for costly post marketing testing and surveillance to monitor the
safety or efficacy of the product, including the imposition of a REMS. 

With
respect to TZIELD, the FDA has imposed CMC and clinical post-marketing requirements, including requirements to conduct an open-label
study to assess safety and pharmacokinetics of TZIELD in pediatric patients ages 0 to 8 years of age, conduct an observational registry
study to assess the long-term safety of TZIELD in patients with Stage 2 TID, and provide comparative safety data on the commercial formulation
of TZIELD versus the clinical trial product form the PROTECT and PROTECT Extension studies. If we face challenges or are unable to comply
with post-marketing requirements, we may not be able to maintain marketing approval, or we may decide to abandon the program. 

If
we or a regulatory agency discovers previously unknown problems with a product, such as adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency,
problems with the facility where the product is manufactured or product quality, or we or our manufacturers fail to comply with applicable
regulatory requirements, we may be subject to the following administrative or judicial sanctions: 

restrictions
 on the marketing or manufacturing of the product; 
 
 withdrawal
 of the product from the market; 
 
 voluntary
 or mandatory product recalls; 
 
 restrictions
 of the labeling of a product; 
 
 restrictions
 on product distribution or use 
 
 requirements
 to conduct post-marketing studies or clinical trials; 
 
 issuance
 of warning letters or untitled letters; 

68 

injunctions
 or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties or monetary fines, restitution, or disgorgement
 of profit or revenues; 
 
 suspension,
 withdrawal, variation or revocation of regulatory approval; 
 
 suspension
 or termination of any ongoing clinical trials; 
 
 refusal
 to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications filed by us; 
 
 suspension
 or imposition of restrictions on operations, including costly new manufacturing requirements;
 or 
 
 product
 seizure or detention or refusal to permit the import or export of product. 

With
respect to sales and marketing activities by us or any future licensor, advertising and promotional materials must comply with FDA rules
in addition to other applicable federal, state and local laws in the United States and similar legal requirements in other countries.
See Risk Factors - Risks Related to Product Development, Regulatory Approval, Manufacturing and Commercialization. 

If
we market any of our product candidates or commercial products, in a manner that violates healthcare laws, we may be subject to civil or criminal penalties. 

The
occurrence of any event or penalty described above may inhibit our ability to commercialize TZIELD, or any other product candidates for
which we obtain marketing approval, and generate revenue. Any government investigation of alleged violations of law could require us
to expend significant time and resources in response and could generate negative publicity. Adverse regulatory action, whether pre- or
post-approval, can also potentially lead to product liability claims and increase our product liability exposure. 

Even
though we may apply for orphan drug designation for TZIELD in additional indications or for our other product candidates, we may not
be able to obtain such designation or obtain orphan drug marketing exclusivity. Even if we obtain orphan drug marketing exclusivity,
it may not effectively protect the product from competition. 

Under
the Orphan Drug Act, the FDA may grant orphan drug designation to a drug intended to treat a rare disease or condition, which is generally
a disease or condition that affects fewer than 200,000 individuals in the United States or for which there is no reasonable expectation
that the cost of developing and making a drug available in the United States for this type of disease or condition will be recovered
from sales of the product. Orphan drug designation must be requested before submitting an NDA or a BLA. After the FDA grants orphan drug
designation, the identity of the therapeutic agent and its potential orphan use are disclosed publicly by the FDA. Orphan product designation
does not convey any advantage in or shorten the duration of regulatory review and approval process. In addition to the potential period
of exclusivity, orphan designation makes a company eligible for grant funding to defray costs of clinical trial expenses, tax credits
for clinical research expenses and potential exemption from the FDA application user fee. If a product that has orphan designation subsequently
receives the first FDA approval for the disease or condition for which it has such designation, the product is entitled to orphan drug
exclusivity, which means the FDA may not approve any other applications to market the same drug for the same indication for seven years,
except in limited circumstances, such as (i) the drug s orphan designation is revoked; (ii) its marketing approval is withdrawn;
(iii) the orphan exclusivity holder consents to the approval of another applicant s product; (iv) the orphan exclusivity holder
is unable to assure the availability of a sufficient quantity of drug; or (v) a showing of clinical superiority to the product with orphan
exclusivity by a competitor product. If a drug designated as an orphan product receives marketing approval for an indication broader
than what is designated, it may not be entitled to orphan drug exclusivity. There can be no assurance that we will receive orphan drug
designation for any of our product candidates in the indications for which we think they might qualify, if we elect to seek such applications. 

We
have obtained orphan drug designation from the FDA for TZIELD for the treatment of newly diagnosed T1D, however, there is no guarantee
that the FDA, the European Commission or comparable foreign regulatory authorities will grant any future application for orphan drug
designation for any of our other product candidates, which would make us ineligible for the additional exclusivity and other benefits
of orphan drug designation, and may also impact our ability to obtain benefits under other incentive programs, such as the rare pediatric
disease priority review voucher program. For example, we applied for, but did not receive, orphan drug designation or exclusivity for
TZIELD for the use in individuals with Stage 2 T1D. 

Even
if we obtain orphan drug exclusivity for TZIELD for the treatment of newly diagnosed T1D in the United States, the FDA can still approve
other drugs that have a different active ingredient for use in treating the same indication. Furthermore, the FDA can waive orphan drug
exclusivity if we are unable to manufacture sufficient supply of TZIELD or if the FDA finds that a subsequent applicant for newly diagnosed
T1D demonstrates clinical superiority to TZIELD. Accordingly, orphan drug exclusivity for a product may not effectively protect the product
from competition. 

69 

Although
we may apply for rare pediatric disease designation for our product candidates, we may not be able to obtain such designation, and rare
pediatric disease designation does not guarantee that the NDA or BLA for the product will qualify for a priority review voucher upon
approval. 

Under
the Rare Pediatric Disease Priority Review Voucher program, upon the approval of a qualifying BLA or NDA for the treatment of a rare
pediatric disease, the sponsor of such an application would be awarded a rare pediatric disease priority review voucher that can be used
to obtain priority review for a subsequent BLA or NDA. On December 27, 2020, the Creating Hope Reauthorization Act extended the Rare
Pediatric Disease Priority Review Voucher Program, and after September 30, 2024, the FDA may only award a voucher for an approved rare
pediatric disease product application if the sponsor has rare pediatric disease designation for the drug, and that designation was granted
by September 30, 2024. After September 30, 2026, the FDA may not award any rare pediatric disease priority review vouchers. 

We
submitted a request for, but did not receive, rare pediatric disease designation for TZIELD for the use in individuals with Stage 2 T1D.
Because we received FDA approval for our BLA for TZIELD, any future applications for TZIELD as a monotherapy will be ineligible for rare
pediatric disease designation or a rare pediatric disease priority review voucher. 

There
is no guarantee that the FDA will grant any future requests for rare pediatric disease designation for any of our product candidates.
Moreover, even if we obtain rare pediatric disease designation, there is no guarantee that we will qualify for a rare pediatric disease
priority review voucher upon FDA approval of the NDA or BLA for a rare pediatric disease. Rare pediatric disease designation does not
lead to faster development or regulatory review of the product, or increase the likelihood that it will receive marketing approval or
pricing and reimbursement approval. 

Although
we may pursue expedited regulatory approval pathways for TZIELD in additional indications or for our product candidates, they may not
qualify for expedited development or, if they do qualify for expedited development, it may not actually lead to a faster development
or regulatory review or approval process. 

Although
we believe there may be an opportunity to accelerate the development of TZIELD in additional indications or certain of our product candidates
through one or more of the FDA s or EMA s expedited programs, such as fast track, breakthrough therapy, accelerated approval
or priority review, we cannot be assured that any of our products will qualify for such programs. 

For
example, in the United States, a drug may be eligible for designation as a breakthrough therapy if the drug is intended, alone or in
combination with one or more other drugs, to treat a serious or life-threatening condition and preliminary clinical evidence indicates
that the drug may demonstrate substantial improvement over existing therapies on one or more clinically significant endpoints. Although
breakthrough designation or access to any other expedited program may expedite the development or approval process, it does not change
the standards for approval. If we apply for breakthrough therapy designation or any other expedited program for TZIELD in additional
indications or our product candidates, the FDA may determine that our proposed target indication or other aspects of our clinical development
plans do not qualify for such expedited program. Even if we are successful in obtaining a breakthrough therapy designation or access
to any other expedited program, we may not experience faster development timelines or achieve faster review or approval compared to conventional
FDA procedures. For example, the time required to identify and resolve issues relating to chemistry, manufacturing and controls, the
acquisition of a sufficient supply of our product for clinical trial purposes or the need to conduct additional preclinical or clinical
studies may delay approval by the FDA, even if the product qualifies for a breakthrough therapy designation or access to any other expedited
program. Access to an expedited program may also be withdrawn by the FDA if it believes that the designation is no longer supported by
data from our clinical development program. Additionally, qualification for any expedited review procedure does not ensure that we will
ultimately obtain regulatory approval for such product. 

70 

Current
and future changes related to regulation of TZIELD or our product candidates by the FDA or similar foreign regulatory authority may increase
the difficulty and cost for us to obtain marketing approval of or commercialize our products. 

In
the United States and some foreign jurisdictions, there have been a number of legislative and regulatory changes and proposed changes
regarding the healthcare system that could prevent or delay marketing approval for our product candidates, restrict or regulate post-approval
activities and affect our ability to profitably sell TZIELD and any other product candidates for which we obtain marketing approval. 

Legislative
and regulatory proposals have been made to expand post-approval requirements and restrict sales and promotional activities for pharmaceutical
products. We do not know whether additional legislative changes will be enacted, or whether the FDA regulations, guidance or interpretations
will be changed, or what the impact of such changes on the marketing approval of TZIELD, if any, may be. In addition, increased scrutiny
by the United States Congress Congress of the FDA s approval process may significantly delay or prevent marketing
approval, as well as subject us to more stringent product labeling and post-marketing testing and other requirements. 

The
FDA s and other regulatory authorities policies may change, and additional government regulations may be enacted that could
prevent, limit or delay regulatory approval of our product candidates. We also cannot predict the likelihood, nature, or extent of adverse
government regulation that may arise from pending or future legislation or administrative action, either in the United States or abroad.
For example, on March 27, 2020, Congress enacted the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act CARES Act in
response to the COVID-19 pandemic. Among other provisions, the CARES Act made a number of changes to the FDCA aimed at preventing drug shortages. Similarly, the FDA has issued a number of guidance documents describing
the agency s expectations for how drug manufacturers should comply with various FDA requirements during the pandemic, including
with respect to conducting clinical trials, distributing drug samples, and reporting post-marketing adverse events. Moreover, as a result
of the COVID-19 pandemic, there has been increasing political and regulatory scrutiny of drug supply chains, resulting in proposed and
enacted legislative and executive actions, including Executive Orders, to incentivize or compel drug manufacturing operations to relocate
to the United States. It is not clear how these changes and proposals could impact our business. If we are slow or unable to adapt to
changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if we are not able to maintain regulatory compliance,
we may lose any marketing approval that we may have obtained, and we may not achieve or sustain profitability. 

Healthcare
reform and other governmental and private payor initiatives may have an adverse effect upon, and could prevent, commercial success of
TZIELD and any other product candidates for which we obtain marketing approval. 

The
United States government and individual states have been aggressively pursuing healthcare reform that would impact the delivery of, and/or
payment for, healthcare, which include initiatives intended to reduce the cost of healthcare generally and drug specifically. 

For
example, in March 2010, the United States Congress enacted the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as modified by the Health
Care and Education Reconciliation Act (the ACA ), which, among other things, expanded healthcare coverage through Medicaid
expansion and the implementation of the individual health insurance mandate; included changes to the coverage and reimbursement of drug
products under government healthcare programs; required manufacturers to provide discounts on Medicare Part D brand name prescription
drugs sold to Medicare beneficiaries in the Medicare Part D coverage gap (i.e., the so-called donut hole imposed an annual
fee on manufacturers of branded drugs; and expanded government enforcement authority. Since its enactment, there have been and likely
will be judicial, administrative, executive, and legislative challenges to certain aspects of the ACA. For example, tax reform legislation
was enacted at the end of 2017 that eliminates the tax penalty for individuals who do not maintain sufficient health insurance coverage
beginning in 2019 (the so-called individual mandate ). More recently, in June 2021, the U.S. Supreme Court dismissed the
latest judicial challenge to the ACA brought by several states without specifically ruling on the constitutionality of the ACA. Changes
resulting from any successful challenges or other future modifications may have a material impact on our business. 

Beyond
the ACA, there have been ongoing legislative and administrative reform efforts that affect pricing or payment for drug products or the
healthcare industry more generally. Drug pricing and payment reform was a focus of the Trump Administration and has been a focus of the
Biden Administration. For example, federal legislation enacted in 2021 eliminates a statutory cap on Medicaid drug rebate program rebates
effective January 1, 2024. As another example, in 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act IRA of 2022 contains various drug pricing and payment
provisions. Among other provisions, the IRA imposes a yearly cap 2,000 in 2025) on out-of-pocket prescription drug costs in Medicare
Part D, implements a new Medicare Part D manufacturer discount drug program in 2025; requires manufacturers
to pay a rebate to the federal government if prices for single-source drugs and biologicals covered under Medicare Part B and nearly
all covered drugs under Part D increase faster than the rate of inflation and, starting in 2026, creates a drug price negotiation
program under which the prices for certain high Medicare spend drugs and biologicals without generic or biosimilar competition will be
limited by a cap that is defined by reference to, among other things, a specified non-federal average manufacturer price. Such legislative
changes or other changes could affect the market conditions for our products. We expect continued scrutiny on drug pricing and government
price reporting from Congress, agencies, and other bodies. Other federal and state health care initiatives responded to the COVID-19 pandemic, increasing funding for certain
services or providing enhanced flexibility in coverage for certain services. Certain initiatives were implemented only for the duration
of the public health emergency, which the Biden administration has announced will expire on May 11, 2023. The expiration of the initiatives
may adversely affect demand or payment for our product. For example, increased federal Medicaid funding will be phased out on 2023 and
state Medicaid programs will resume eligibility redeterminations for individuals receiving Medicaid benefits which could result in a loss
of eligibility for a portion of the current Medicaid population. 

71 

Some
of the health care reform changes have been and may continue to be subject to legal challenge. For example, courts temporarily enjoined
regulations that would implement a new most favored nation payment model for select drugs covered under Medicare Part B
that was to take effect on January 1, 2021 and would limit payment based on international drug price and CMS subsequently issued a notice
of proposed rulemaking to rescind and remove the regulations. As another example, revisions to regulations under the federal anti-kickback
statute would remove protection for traditional Medicare Part D discounts offered by pharmaceutical manufacturers to pharmacy benefit
managers and health plans. Pursuant to court order, the removal was delayed, and the IRA further delayed implementation of the rule until
January 1, 2032. As another example, there are ongoing challenges by manufacturers under the 340B Drug Discount Program to the application
of 340B discounted pricing to products dispensed by pharmacies under contract with health care providers participating in the program
as well as the implementation of the 340B Drug Discount Program administrative dispute resolution process for disputes between manufacturers
and 340B health care providers. The resolution of these challenges may have a material adverse impact on our revenue as a participant
in the 340B Drug Discount Program. 

Adoption
of new healthcare reform legislation at the federal or state level could affect demand for, or pricing of, TZIELD and any other product
candidates for which we obtain marketing approval. We cannot predict, however, the ultimate content, timing or effect of any healthcare
reform legislation or action, or its impact on us, and healthcare reform could increase compliance costs and may adversely affect our
future business and financial results. 

In
addition, other legislative changes have been adopted that could have an adverse effect upon, and could prevent, the commercial success
of TZIELD and any other product candidates for which we obtain marketing approval. More broadly, the Budget Control Act of 2011, as amended,
or the Budget Control Act, includes provisions intended to reduce the federal deficit, including reductions in Medicare payments to providers
through 2031. Any significant spending reductions affecting Medicare, Medicaid or other publicly funded or subsidized health programs,
or any significant taxes or fees imposed as part of any broader deficit reduction effort or legislative replacement to the Budget Control
Act, or otherwise, could have an adverse impact on our anticipated product revenues. 

In
addition to governmental efforts in the United States, foreign jurisdictions as well as private health insurers and managed care plans
are likely to continue challenging manufacturers ability to obtain reimbursement, as well as the level of reimbursement, for pharmaceuticals
and other healthcare-related products and services. These cost-control initiatives could significantly decrease the available coverage
and the price we might establish for our products, which would have an adverse effect on our financial results. The pricing and reimbursement
of medicinal products in the European Union and the United Kingdom is subject to strict governmental control. Pricing and reimbursement negotiations
with governmental authorities are complex and may take significant amounts of time. To obtain reimbursement and/or pricing approval in
the European Union Member States and/or the UK, we may be required to conduct studies or otherwise provide data demonstrating the cost
effectiveness of our products compared with other available established therapies. The conduct of such studies could also result in delays
in the commercialization of our products. Additionally, cost-control initiatives, increasingly based on affordability and accessibility,
as well as post-marketing assessment of the product s added value as compared to existing treatments, could decrease the price
of our products or the indications for which we are able to obtain reimbursement, which would result in lower revenues to us. New legislative
and policy initiatives in the European Union, aimed at increasing accessibility and affordability of medicinal products, and the increased
cooperation between the European Union Member States may further impact the price and reimbursement status of our products in the future.
On December 15, 2021, European Union legislatures adopted Regulation (EU) 2021/2282 of the European Parliament and of the Council on health technology
assessment and amending Directive 2011/24/EU. The new Regulation will apply starting in January 2025, and will facilitate the greater
coordination and cooperation within the European Union of an assessment of the relative clinical effectiveness and relative clinical safety of a
new health technology as compared with existing technologies in a health technology assessment. 

72 

If
we fail to successfully commercialize TZIELD or develop and commercialize any of our product candidates, we may need to acquire additional
product candidates and our business will be adversely affected. 

We
have a limited product pipeline and do not have any other compounds in pre-clinical testing, lead optimization or lead identification
stages beyond TZIELD and our product candidates. We cannot be certain that any of our product candidates will prove to be sufficiently
effective and safe to meet applicable regulatory standards for any indication. If we fail to successfully commercialize TZIELD or successfully
obtain regulatory approval, pricing and reimbursement approval, or commercialize any of our product candidates, whether as stand-alone
therapies or in combination with other therapeutic agents, and if we are unable to acquire additional product candidates in the future,
our business will be adversely affected. 

We
may not be able to successfully commercialize TZIELD or any other product candidates for which we obtain marketing approval and the revenue
that we generate from its sales, if any, may be limited. 

The
commercial success of TZIELD and any other product candidates for which we obtain marketing approval depends upon each product s
acceptance by the medical community, including physicians, patients and payers. The degree of market acceptance for TZIELD
depends on a number of factors, including: 

demonstration
 of clinical safety and efficacy; 
 
 relative
 convenience, dosing burden and ease of administration; 
 
 the
 prevalence and severity of any adverse events and the overall safety profile; 
 
 the
 clinical indications for which our products are approved; 
 
 the
 acceptance of physicians to include T1D screening in routine patient medical care; 
 
 the
 willingness of physicians to prescribe our products, and the target patient population to
 try new therapies; 
 
 the
 willingness of physicians and patients to accept 14 consecutive days of IV therapy; 
 
 efficacy
 of our products compared to future competing products or therapies; 
 
 the
 introduction of any new products that may in the future become available targeting indications
 for which our products are approved; 
 
 new
 procedures or therapies that may reduce the incidences of any of the indications in which
 our products may show utility; 
 
 pricing
 and cost-effectiveness; 
 
 the
 inclusion or omission of our products in applicable therapeutic and vaccine guidelines; 
 
 the
 effectiveness of our own or any future collaborators sales and marketing strategies; 
 
 limitations
 or warnings contained in approved labeling from regulatory authorities, including any interactions
 of our products with other medicines patients are taking; 
 
 our
 ability to obtain and maintain sufficient third-party coverage or reimbursement from government
 health care programs, including Medicare and Medicaid, private health insurers and other
 third-party payers or to receive the necessary pricing approvals from government bodies regulating
 the pricing and usage of therapeutics; and 
 
 the
 willingness of patients to pay out-of-pocket in the absence of third-party coverage or reimbursement
 or government pricing approvals. 

If
TZIELD or any of our product candidates for which we obtain marketing approval do not achieve an adequate level of acceptance by physicians,
health care payors, and patients, we may not generate sufficient revenue and we may not be able to achieve or sustain profitability.
Our efforts to educate the medical community and third-party payers on the benefits of TZIELD or any other product candidates for which
we obtain marketing approval may require significant resources and may never be successful. 

In
addition, even with regulatory approvals and pricing and reimbursement approvals, the timing or scope of any approvals may prohibit or
reduce our ability to successfully commercialize TZIELD or any other product candidates for which we obtain marketing approval. For example,
if the approval process takes too long, we may miss market opportunities and give other companies the ability to develop competing products
or establish market dominance. Any regulatory approval we ultimately obtain may be limited or subject to restrictions or post-approval
commitments that render TZIELD or our product candidates not commercially viable. For example, regulatory authorities may approve TZIELD
or our product candidates for fewer or more limited indications than we request, may grant approval contingent on the performance of
costly post-marketing clinical trials, or may approve our product with a label that does not include the labeling claims necessary or
desirable for the successful commercialization for that indication. Further, the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may
place conditions on approvals or require risk management plans or a REMS, to assure the safe use of the drug. Any of these limitations
on approval or marketing could restrict the commercial promotion, distribution, prescription or dispensing of TZIELD or our product candidates.
Moreover, product approvals may be withdrawn for non-compliance with regulatory standards or if problems occur following the initial
marketing of the product. Any of the foregoing scenarios could materially harm the commercial success of TZIELD or our product candidates. 

73 

We
currently have hired a commercial organization to support the commercialization of TZIELD. If we are unable
to establish and maintain satisfactory sales, commercial support and marketing capabilities, we may not successfully commercialize
TZIELD or any other product candidates for which we obtain marketing approval. 

We
have hired a commercial organization to support the commercialization of TZIELD, including through the support
provided by Sanofi under our Co-Promotion Agreement. In order to commercialize additional indications or products that are approved for
commercial sales, we may need to expand our commercial infrastructure. If we are not successful recruiting sales personnel or in building
our sales and marketing infrastructure in the United States, we will have difficulty successfully commercializing our product candidates
for which we obtain marketing approval, which would adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. 

If
we are unable to establish and maintain a satisfactory and successful commercial infrastructure, we may not realize a positive
return on this investment. In addition, we will have to compete with established and well-funded pharmaceutical and biotechnology
companies to recruit, hire, train and retain sales personnel. Factors that may inhibit our efforts to commercialize TZIELD, or any
other product candidates for which we obtain marketing approval, without strategic partners or licensees include: 

our
 inability to recruit and retain adequate numbers of effective sales, market access, patient
 services, medical affairs and other key commercial personnel; 
 
 the
 inability of sales personnel to obtain access to or persuade adequate numbers of physicians
 to prescribe our products; 
 
 the inability to secure reimbursement through third-party payers; 
 
 the inability to catalyze adequate screening to identify appropriate patients; 
 
 the
 lack of complementary products to be offered by sales personnel, which may put us at a competitive
 disadvantage relative to companies with more extensive product lines; and 
 
 unforeseen
 costs and expenses associated with creating an independent commercial organization. 

We
have entered into collaborations with third parties, and in the future may enter into additional collaborations with third parties, for
the research, development, and commercialization of TZIELD and certain other product candidates we may develop. If any such collaborations
are not successful, we may not be able to capitalize on the market potential of those product candidates. 

We
may seek additional third-party collaborators for the research, development, and commercialization of TZIELD and certain other product
candidates we may develop. For example, in October 2022, we and Genzyme Corporation entered into the Sanofi Co-Promotion Agreement, pursuant
to which we appointed Sanofi to co-promote and conduct certain commercialization activities with respect to TZIELD in the United States
on a co-exclusive basis for the treatment of the approved indication. In any such arrangements with any third parties, we will likely
have limited control over the amount and timing of resources that our collaborators dedicate to the development or commercialization
of TZIELD or any other product candidates we may seek to develop with them. Our ability to generate revenues from these arrangements
will depend on our collaborators abilities to successfully perform the functions assigned to them in these arrangements. We cannot
predict the success of any collaboration that we enter into. 

Collaborations
pose numerous risks to us, including the following: 

collaborators
 have significant discretion in determining the efforts and resources that they will apply
 to these collaborations; 
 
 collaborators
 may not pursue development and commercialization of any product candidates we may develop
 or may elect not to continue or renew development or commercialization programs based on
 clinical trial results, changes in the collaborator s strategic focus or available
 funding or external factors such as an acquisition that diverts resources or creates competing
 priorities; 
 
 collaborators
 may delay clinical trials, provide insufficient funding for a clinical trial program, stop
 a clinical trial or abandon a product candidate, repeat or conduct new clinical trials or
 require a new formulation of a product candidate for clinical testing; 

74 

collaborators
 could independently develop, or develop with third parties, products that compete directly
 or indirectly with our products or product candidates we may develop if the collaborators
 believe that competitive products are more likely to be successfully developed or can be
 commercialized under terms that are more economically attractive than ours; 
 
 collaborators
 with marketing and distribution rights to one or more products may not commit sufficient
 resources to the marketing and distribution of such product or products; 
 
 collaborators
 may not properly obtain, maintain, enforce, or defend our intellectual property or proprietary
 rights or may use our proprietary information in such a way as to invite litigation that
 could jeopardize or invalidate our proprietary information or expose us to potential litigation; 
 
 disputes
 may arise between the collaborators and us that result in the delay or termination of the
 research, development, or commercialization of our products or product candidates or that
 result in costly litigation or arbitration that diverts management attention and resources; 
 
 we
 may lose certain valuable rights under circumstances identified in our collaborations, including
 if we undergo a change of control; 
 
 collaborations
 may be terminated and, if terminated, may result in a need for additional capital to pursue
 further development or commercialization of the applicable product or product candidates
 we may develop; 
 
 collaboration
 partners may engage in fraudulent or illegal activity that violate the regulations of the
 FDA and other regulators, including those laws requiring the reporting of true, complete
 and accurate information to such regulators, manufacturing standards, healthcare fraud and
 abuse laws and regulations in the United States and internationally or laws that require
 the true, complete and accurate reporting of financial information or data; and 
 
 collaboration
 agreements may not lead to development or commercialization of product candidates in the
 most efficient manner or at all. If a present or future collaborator of ours were to be involved
 in a business combination, the continued pursuit and emphasis on our product development
 or commercialization program under such collaboration could be delayed, diminished, or terminated. 

If
our collaborations, including the Sanofi Co-Promotion Agreement, do not result in the successful development and commercialization of
our products, or if one of our collaborators terminates its agreement with us, we may not receive any future research funding or milestone
or royalty payments under the collaboration. If we do not receive the funding we expect under these agreements, our development of product
candidates could be delayed, and we may need additional resources to develop product candidates. In addition, if one of our collaborators
terminates its agreement with us, we may find it more difficult to find a suitable replacement collaborator or attract new collaborators,
and our development programs may be delayed or the perception of us in the business and financial communities could be adversely affected.
All of the risks relating to product development, regulatory approval and commercialization described in this report apply to the activities
of our collaborators. 

These
relationships, or those like them, may require us to incur non-recurring and other charges, increase our near- and long-term expenditures,
issue securities that dilute our existing stockholders, or disrupt our management and business. In addition, we could face significant
competition in seeking appropriate collaborators, and the negotiation process is time-consuming and complex. Our ability to reach a definitive
collaboration agreement will depend, among other things, upon our assessment of the collaborator s resources and expertise, the
terms and conditions of the proposed collaboration, and the proposed collaborator s evaluation of several factors. If we license
rights to any product candidates, we may not be able to realize the benefit of such transactions if we are unable to successfully integrate
them with our existing operations and company culture. 

If
our Co-Promotion Agreement with Sanofi is terminated, or Sanofi materially breaches its obligations thereunder, our business, prospects,
operating results, and financial condition, and our ability to commercialize TZIELD in the time expected, or at all, could be materially
harmed. 

We
are relying on support from Sanofi to commercialize TZIELD. Under the Sanofi Co-Promotion Agreement, Sanofi has committed to making field
resources representing more than 100 FTEs available for co-promotion and commercialization activities of TZIELD. As a result, we will
rely in part on Sanofi s sales and marketing organization for TZIELD. If the Sanofi-Co Promotion Agreement were terminated or breached,
and we no longer had access to Sanofi s field resources, we would be required to expend substantially more resources than we have
anticipated to support our commercialization efforts. This could require us to either seek additional funding that might not be available
on favorable terms or at all, or materially cut back on such activities. Termination of the Sanofi Co-Promotion Agreement would create
substantial new and additional risks to the successful commercialization of TZIELD and could materially harm such commercialization. 

75 

Amgen
has the right to assume control over the activities of our anti-IL-15 mAb product candidate. 

Pursuant
to the Amgen Agreement, Amgen reserves the right, at any time until 120 days after the delivery of the final data package relating to
the Phase 2b PROACTIVE study which we initiated in August 2020, to assume control over all activities with respect to our anti-IL-15 mAb, product candidate, including pricing and marketing decisions, after the payment of a 150.0
million milestone. There can be no assurance that Amgen s strategic direction will be in line with ours should it assume control
of activities, or that their decisions will have a positive impact on our results of operations. Moreover, we may not realize the full
economic benefit of this agreement. 

We
face competition from other biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies and our operating results will suffer if we fail to compete effectively. 

The
biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries are intensely competitive and subject to rapid and significant technological change. We have
existing competitors and will have potential new competitors in a number of jurisdictions, many of which have or will have substantially
greater name recognition, commercial infrastructures and financial, technical and personnel resources than we have. Established competitors
may invest heavily to quickly discover and develop novel compounds that could make TZIELD or our product candidates obsolete or uneconomical.
Any new product that competes with an approved product may need to demonstrate compelling advantages in efficacy, cost, convenience,
tolerability and safety to be commercially successful. Other competitive factors, including generic competition, could force us to lower
prices or could result in reduced sales. In addition, new products developed by others could emerge as competitors to TZIELD or our product
candidates. If we are not able to compete effectively against our current and future competitors, our business will not grow, and our
financial condition and operations will suffer. 

Our
potential competitors both in the United States and throughout the world include companies developing and/or marketing drugs and therapeutic
solutions for immune-mediated diseases, including oncological, autoimmune and inflammatory diseases, as well as companies working in
our specific fields, including T1D, enteroviral and emerging viral diseases, lupus, and inflammatory bowel diseases, such as CD. 

There
can be no assurance that TZIELD or our product candidates will be more effective or achieve greater market acceptance than competitive
products, or that our competitors will not succeed in developing products and technologies that are more effective than those being developed
by us or that would render our products and technologies less competitive or obsolete. Additionally, there can be no assurance that the
development by others of new or improved products will not make TZIELD or our product candidates superfluous or obsolete. 

TZIELD
and our product candidates may face competition sooner than expected. 

We
have obtained data exclusivity for TZIELD and intend to seek data exclusivity or market exclusivity for our product candidates. In the
United States, we believe that these products will qualify for 12 years of data exclusivity under the BPCIA, which was enacted as part of the ACA. Under the BPCIA, an application for a biosimilar
product or BLA cannot be submitted to the FDA until four years, or if approved by the FDA, until 12 years, after the original brand product
identified as the reference product is approved under a BLA. The BPCIA provides an abbreviated pathway for the approval of biosimilar
and interchangeable biological products. The abbreviated regulatory pathway establishes legal authority for the FDA to review and approve
biosimilar biologics, including the possible designation of a biosimilar as interchangeable based on its similarity to
an existing brand product. The law is complex and the processes the FDA establishes to implement the law could have a material adverse
effect on the future commercial prospects for our biological products. There is also a risk that Congress could repeal or amend the BPCIA
to shorten this exclusivity period, potentially creating the opportunity for biosimilar competition sooner than anticipated after the
expiration of our patent protection. Moreover, the extent to which a biosimilar, once approved, will be substituted for any reference
product in a way that is similar to traditional generic substitution for non-biological products is not yet clear, and will depend on
a number of marketplace and regulatory factors that are still developing. 

76 

Our
product candidates that are not, or are not considered, biologics that would qualify for exclusivity under the BPCIA may be eligible
for market exclusivity as drugs under the FDCA. The FDCA provides a five-year period of non-patent marketing exclusivity within the United
States to the first applicant to gain approval of an NDA for a new chemical entity. A drug is a new chemical entity if the FDA has not
previously approved any other new drug containing the same active moiety, which is the molecule or ion responsible for the action of
the drug substance. The Ensuring Innovation Act, enacted on April 23, 2021, amended the FDA s statutory authority for granting
such exclusivity to reflect the agency s existing regulations and longstanding interpretation that award exclusivity based on a
drug s active moiety, as opposed to its active ingredient, which is intended to limit the applicability of this exclusivity, thereby
potentially facilitating generic competition. During the exclusivity period, the FDA may not accept for review an ANDA, or a 505(b)(2) NDA, submitted by another company for another version of such drug. However, an application
may be submitted after four years if it contains a certification of patent invalidity or non-infringement. The FDCA also provides three
years of marketing exclusivity for an NDA, 505(b)(2) NDA or supplement to an existing NDA if new clinical investigations, other than
bioavailability studies, that were conducted or sponsored by the applicant are deemed by the FDA to be essential to the approval of the
application, for example, for new indications, dosages, or strengths of an existing drug. This three-year exclusivity covers only the
conditions associated with the new clinical investigations and does not prohibit the FDA from approving 505(b)(2) NDAs or ANDAs for drugs
containing the original active agent. 

We
may seek FDA pediatric exclusivity for some of our products. For a biologic, pediatric exclusivity adds 6 months of marketing exclusivity
to any existing exclusivity to include all formulations, dosage forms, and indications for the active moiety. Pediatric exclusivity may
be awarded when a company completes pediatric studies described in an FDA Written Request letter. Even though the Company seeks pediatric
exclusivity, the FDA may not agree to issue a Written Request, or the Company may not complete the studies as described in the FDA Written
Request. 

Even
if TZIELD or our product candidates are considered to be reference products eligible for 12 years of exclusivity under the BPCIA or five
years of exclusivity under the FDCA, another company could market competing products if the FDA approves a full BLA or full NDA for such
product containing the sponsor s own preclinical data and data from adequate and well-controlled clinical trials to demonstrate
the safety, purity and potency of the products. Moreover, an amendment or repeal of the BPCIA could result in a shorter exclusivity period
for TZIELD or our product candidates, which would have a material adverse effect on our business. 

In
addition, the Further Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2020, which incorporated the framework from the Creating and Restoring Equal Access
To Equivalent Samples CREATES legislation, was signed into law as part of the 2019 year-end federal spending package.
The legislation purports to promote competition in the market for drugs and biological products by facilitating the timely entry of lower-cost
generic and biosimilar versions of those drugs and biological products, including by allowing ANDA, 505(b)(2) NDA or biosimilar developers
to obtain access to branded drug and biological product samples. While the full impact of these provisions is unclear at this time and
initial litigation brought under this law is pending, its provisions do have the potential to facilitate the development and future approval
of biosimilar or generic versions of our products if approved, introducing biosimilar or generic competition that could have a material
adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our
future growth depends, in part, on our ability to penetrate international markets, where we would be subject to additional regulatory
burdens and other risks and uncertainties. 

Our
future profitability will depend, in part, on our ability to commercialize TZIELD and our product candidates in international markets
for which we intend to rely on collaborations with third parties. If we commercialize TZIELD or our product candidates in international
markets, we would be subject to additional risks and uncertainties, including: 

our
 customers ability to obtain reimbursement for our products in international markets; 
 
 our
 inability to directly control commercial activities because we are relying on third parties; 
 
 the
 burden of complying with complex and changing international regulatory, tax, accounting and
 legal requirements; 
 
 different
 medical practices and customs in foreign countries affecting acceptance in the marketplace; 
 
 import
 or export licensing requirements; 
 
 longer
 accounts receivable collection times; 
 
 longer
 lead times for shipping; 
 
 language
 barriers for technical training; 
 
 reduced
 protection of intellectual property rights in some foreign countries; 
 
 foreign
 currency exchange rate fluctuations; and 
 
 the
 interpretation of contractual provisions governed by foreign laws in the event of a contract
 dispute. 

77 

International
sales of our products could also be adversely affected by the imposition of governmental controls, political and economic instability,
trade restrictions and changes in tariffs, any of which may adversely affect our results of operations. 

If
we market TZIELD or any of our product candidates in a manner that violates healthcare laws, including government price reporting
laws, we may be subject to civil or criminal penalties. 

The marketing and sale of pharmaceutical products are subject to comprehensive
governmental regulation within the United States, with similar requirements in other jurisdictions. Numerous federal, state and local
authorities have jurisdiction over, or enforce laws related to, such activities, including the FDA, United States Drug Enforcement Agency,
Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services, the United States Department of Health and Human Services Office of Inspector General, the
United States Department of Justice, state Attorneys General, state departments of health and state pharmacy boards. See the section entitled
 Business-Government Regulation in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

The
FDA enforces laws and regulations which require that the promotion of pharmaceutical products be consistent with the approved prescribing
information. While physicians may prescribe an approved product for a so-called off label use, it is unlawful for a pharmaceutical
company to promote its products in a manner that is inconsistent with its approved label and any company which engages in such conduct
can subject that company to significant liability. The FDA and other agencies actively enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting the
promotion of off-label uses and false or misleading claims, and the federal government has levied large civil and criminal fines and/or
other penalties against companies for alleged improper promotion and has investigated and/or prosecuted several companies in relation
to off-label promotion. The FDA has also requested that certain companies enter consent decrees or permanent injunctions under which
specified promotional conduct is changed, curtailed or prohibited. Similarly, industry codes in the European Union and other foreign
jurisdictions prohibit companies from engaging in off-label promotion and regulatory agencies in various countries enforce violations
of the code with civil penalties. While we intend to ensure that our promotional materials are consistent with our label, regulatory
agencies may disagree with our assessment and may issue untitled letters, warning letters or may institute other civil or criminal enforcement
proceedings. 

We
are also subject to various federal and state laws pertaining to health care fraud and abuse, including anti-kickback laws,
false claims laws and transparency laws, for activities related to sales of TZIELD or any other product candidates for which we obtain
marketing approval. Anti-kickback laws generally prohibit persons from soliciting, receiving or providing remuneration, directly or indirectly,
to induce either the referral of an individual, for an item or service or the purchasing or ordering of a good or service, for which
payment may be made under federal healthcare programs such as Medicare and Medicaid and, in some instances, private third party payors.
Although the specific provisions of these laws vary, their scope is generally broad and there may not be regulations, guidance or court
decisions that apply the laws to particular industry practices. False claims laws prohibit, among other things, individuals or entities
from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, information or claims for payment from Medicare, Medicaid, or other third-party
payers that are false or fraudulent. The so-called federal sunshine law requires pharmaceutical companies to monitor and
report certain financial interactions with physicians, certain non-physician practitioners and teaching hospitals to the federal government
for re-disclosure to the public. 

A
number of state laws require pharmaceutical companies to comply with the federal government s and/or pharmaceutical industry s
voluntary compliance guidelines; impose specific restrictions on interactions between pharmaceutical companies and healthcare providers
or require pharmaceutical companies to report information related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians and other healthcare
providers or marketing expenditures. Other state laws may require pharmaceutical companies to file reports relating to pricing and marketing
information and state and local laws that require the registration of pharmaceutical sales representatives. 

These
laws and regulations, among other things, constrain our current and future business, marketing and other promotional and research activities
by limiting the kinds of financial arrangements we may have with health care providers, third party payors and patients or other others
in a position to influence the purchase, prescription or use of our products. In particular, these laws and regulations may restrict
or prohibit a wide range of pricing, discounting, marketing and promotion, sales commission, customer incentive programs, and other business
arrangements, as well as interactions with healthcare professionals through consultant arrangements, product training, sponsorships,
or other activities. 

78 

The scope and enforcement of each
of these laws is uncertain and subject to rapid change in the current environment of healthcare reform, especially in light of the lack
of applicable precedent and regulatory guidance. Federal and state enforcement bodies have recently increased their scrutiny of interactions
between healthcare companies, healthcare providers and other third parties, including charitable foundations, which has led to a number
of investigations, prosecutions, convictions and settlements in the healthcare industry. Numerous pharmaceutical and other healthcare
companies have been prosecuted under these laws for a variety of alleged improper promotional and marketing activities, such as: allegedly
providing free trips, free goods, sham consulting fees and grants and other monetary benefits to prescribers; reporting to pricing services
inflated average wholesale prices that were then used by federal programs to set reimbursement rates; engaging in off-label promotion
that caused claims to be submitted to Medicare or Medicaid for non-covered, off-label uses; and submitting inflated best price information
to the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program to reduce liability for Medicaid rebates; and providing kickbacks to patients in the form of indirect
copay support through charitable foundations. 

Efforts to ensure that our activities
comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations will involve substantial costs. Given the breadth of the laws and regulations,
limited guidance for certain laws and regulations and evolving government interpretations of the laws and regulations, governmental authorities
may possibly conclude that our business practices may not comply with healthcare laws and regulations. It is not always possible to identify
and deter misconduct by employees and other third parties, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be
effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting us from governmental investigations or other actions or
lawsuits stemming from a failure to comply with such laws or government regulations. 

Responding to investigations can
be time-and resource-consuming and can divert management s attention from the business. Any such investigation, even if unsuccessful,
or settlement could increase our costs, result in negative publicity or otherwise have an adverse effect on our business. If our operations
are found to be in violation of any of the laws described above or any other government regulations that apply to us, we may be subject
to sanctions, including substantial civil monetary penalties, exclusion of our products from reimbursement under government programs,
integrity oversight and reporting obligations, substantial criminal fines and imprisonment, any of which could adversely affect our business,
financial condition, results of operations, prospects and reputation. Additionally, as a result of an investigation, we may have to agree
to additional compliance and reporting requirements as part of a consent decree or corporate integrity agreement. 

With the recent approval of TZIELD,
we executed the agreement for participation in the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program, Medicare Part B average sales price reporting and a number
of other federal and state government pricing programs in the United States in order to obtain coverage for the product by certain government
healthcare programs. These programs generally require us to pay rebates or provide discounts to certain private purchasers or government
payers in connection with our products when dispensed to beneficiaries of these programs. In some cases, such as with the Medicaid Drug
Rebate Program, the rebates are based on pricing and rebate calculations that we report on a monthly and/or quarterly basis to the government
agencies that administer the programs. The reporting requirements are complex and new to us and we may have reimbursement obligations
or be subject to penalties if we fail to provide timely and accurate information to the government, pay the correct rebates or offer the
correct discounted pricing. 

We expect to rely on third parties to conduct
clinical trials for TZIELD and our product candidates. If these third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or
meet expected deadlines, we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for or commercialize TZIELD or our product candidates and our
business would be substantially harmed. 

We rely on third-party CROs and
vendors to conduct and manage our clinical programs including contracting with clinical sites to perform our clinical trials. We plan
to rely heavily on these parties for execution of clinical trials for TZIELD and our product candidates and will control only certain
aspects of their activities. Nevertheless, we will be responsible for ensuring that each of our studies is conducted in accordance with
the applicable protocol, legal, regulatory and scientific standards, and our reliance on CROs and clinical sites will not relieve us of
our regulatory responsibilities. We and our CROs are required to comply with GCPs, which are regulations and guidelines enforced by the
FDA, the Competent Authorities of the Member States of the EEA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities for any products in clinical
development. The FDA and its foreign equivalents enforce these GCP regulations through periodic inspections of trial sponsors, principal
investigators and trial sites. If we or our CROs fail to comply with applicable GCPs, the clinical data generated in our clinical trials
may be deemed unreliable and the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may require us to perform additional clinical trials
before approving our marketing applications. We cannot assure you that, upon inspection, the FDA or other regulatory authorities will
determine that any of our clinical trials comply with GCPs. In addition, our clinical trials must be conducted with products produced
under GMP regulations and will require a large number of test subjects. Our failure or the failure of our CROs or clinical sites to comply
with these regulations may require us to repeat clinical trials, which would delay the regulatory approval process or the pricing and
reimbursement approval process and could also subject us to enforcement action up to and including civil and criminal penalties. 

79 

Although we design the clinical
trials for TZIELD and our product candidates in consultation with CROs, we expect that the CROs will manage all of the clinical trials
conducted at contracted clinical sites. As a result, many important aspects of our drug development programs are delegated to third-parties.
In addition, the CROs and clinical sites may not perform all of their obligations under arrangements with us or in compliance with regulatory
requirements. If the CROs or clinical sites do not perform clinical trials in a satisfactory manner, breach their obligations to us or
fail to comply with regulatory requirements, the development and commercialization TZIELD or our product candidates for the subject indication
may be delayed or our development program materially and irreversibly harmed. We cannot fully control the amount and timing of resources
these CROs and clinical sites will devote to our program or any of our products. If we are unable to rely on clinical data collected by
our CROs, we could be required to repeat, extend the duration of, or increase the size of our clinical trials, which could significantly
delay commercialization and require significantly greater expenditures. 

If any of our relationships with
these third-party CROs or clinical sites terminate, we may not be able to enter into arrangements with alternative CROs or clinical sites.
If CROs do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or obligations or meet expected deadlines, if they need to be replaced
or if the quality or accuracy of the clinical data they obtain is compromised due to the failure to adhere to our clinical protocols,
regulatory requirements or for other reasons, any such clinical trials may be extended, delayed or terminated, and we may not be able
to obtain regulatory approval for or successfully commercialize TZIELD for additional indications or our product candidates. As a result,
our financial results and the commercial prospects for any of our products would be harmed, our costs could increase and our ability to
generate revenue could be delayed. 

The outcome of pre-clinical testing and early
clinical trials may not be predictive of the success of later clinical trials, and the results of our clinical trials may not satisfy
the requirements of the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities. 

Clinical failure can occur at
any stage of clinical development. Clinical trials may produce negative or inconclusive results, and we or any future collaborators may
decide, or regulators may require us, to conduct additional clinical trials or pre-clinical studies. We will be required to demonstrate
with substantial evidence through well-controlled clinical trials that our product candidates are safe and effective for use in a diverse
population before we can seek marketing approvals for their commercial sale. Success in pre-clinical studies and early-stage clinical
trials does not mean that future larger registration clinical trials will be successful. This is because product candidates in later-stage
clinical trials may fail to demonstrate sufficient safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory
authorities despite having progressed through pre-clinical studies and early-stage clinical trials. 

From time to time, we may publish
or report interim or preliminary data from our clinical trials. Interim or preliminary data from clinical trials that we may conduct may
not be indicative of the final results of the trial and are subject to the risk that one or more of the clinical outcomes may materially
change as patient enrollment continues and more patient data become available. Interim or preliminary data also remain subject to audit
and verification procedures that may result in the final data being materially different from the interim or preliminary data. As a result,
interim or preliminary data should be viewed with caution until the final data are available. 

In some instances, there can be
significant variability in safety and efficacy results between different clinical trials of the same product or product candidate due
to numerous factors, including changes in trial protocols, differences in size and type of the patient populations, differences in and
adherence to the dosing regimen and other trial protocols and the rate of dropout among clinical trial participants. We do not know whether
any clinical trials we may conduct will demonstrate consistent or adequate efficacy and safety sufficient to obtain marketing approval,
or pricing and reimbursement approval, to commercialize our product candidates. 

Third-party coverage and reimbursement and health
care cost containment initiatives and treatment guidelines may constrain our future revenues. 

Our ability to successfully market
TZIELD and any other product candidates for which we obtain marketing approval will depend in part on the availability of coverage and
adequacy of reimbursement provided for our products and related services by third-party payers such as government agencies or health care
programs and private health insurers. For example, the ending of the COVID-19 Public Health Emergency and the
Families First Coronavirus Response Act could lead to a significant change or loss of coverage for many individuals and families in the
United States. Countries in which any of our products are sold through reimbursement schemes under national health
insurance programs frequently require that manufacturers and sellers of pharmaceutical products obtain governmental approval of initial
prices. In certain countries, including the United States, government-funded health care programs and
private health insurers can exert significant indirect pressure on prices. We may not be able to sell our products profitably if adequate
prices are not approved or coverage and reimbursement is unavailable or limited in scope. Increasingly, third-party payers attempt to
contain health care costs in ways that are likely to impact our development of products including: 

failing
 to approve or challenging the prices charged for our products; 

limiting
 both coverage and the amount of reimbursement for new therapeutic products; 

limiting
 both coverage and the amount of reimbursement for treatment administration; 

limiting reimbursement strictly to inclusion criteria from clinical trials; 

denying
 or limiting coverage for products that are approved by the regulatory agencies but are considered to be experimental or investigational
 by third-party payers; 

limiting
 coverage for certain sites of care, including home-based infusions; 

limiting
 access and coverage to products only when prescribed by certain physician specialties; and 

refusing
 to provide coverage when an approved product is used in a way that has not received regulatory marketing approval. 

There is significant
uncertainty related to third-party payer coverage and reimbursement of newly approved products. Third-party payers are increasingly
challenging the price and examining the cost-effectiveness of new products and services in addition to their safety and efficacy.
Factors considered by these payors in determining whether to cover drug products and what reimbursement to provide include product
efficacy, cost effectiveness, budget impact, and safety, as well as the availability of other treatments including generic
prescription drugs. To obtain or maintain coverage and reimbursement for any current or future product, we may need to conduct real
world evidence, pharmacoeconomic studies and quality of life studies to demonstrate the medical necessity and cost-effectiveness of
our product. These studies will be in addition to the studies required to obtain or maintain regulatory approvals. If third-party
payers do not consider a product to be cost-effective compared to other available therapies, they may not cover the product after
approval as a benefit under their plans or, if they do, the level of payment may not be sufficient to allow a company to sell its
products at a profit. We cannot predict what third-party payers will decide with respect to the coverage and reimbursement for
TZIELD or any other product candidates for which we obtain marketing approval. 

In the United States, third-party payers, including private health insurance
and government health care programs, such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs, may limit coverage or otherwise seek to control the utilization
and cost of drug products. Third-party payers may limit coverage to specific products on an approved list, or formulary, which might not
include all of the FDA-approved products for a particular indication. Some third-party payers may impose coverage restrictions through
medical policies or manage utilization of a particular product by requiring pre-approval (known as prior authorization for coverage of particular prescriptions (to allow the payor to assess medical necessity). A third-party payer s decision to provide coverage
for a drug product does not imply that an adequate reimbursement rate will be approved. Adequate third-party reimbursement may not be
available to enable us to maintain net price levels sufficient to realize an appropriate return on our investment in product development.
Additionally, coverage and reimbursement for drug products can differ significantly from payer to payer. One third-party payer s
decision to cover a particular drug product or service does not ensure that other payors will also provide coverage for the medical product
or service or will provide coverage at an adequate reimbursement rate. Further, in order to obtain and maintain acceptable reimbursement
levels and access for patients at copay levels that are reasonable and customary, we may be expected to offer, discounts and rebates to
third party payers. Thus, obtaining and maintaining reimbursement status is complex and costly. 

Moreover, recently there has been
heightened governmental scrutiny over the manner in which manufacturers set prices for their commercial products. There have been a number
of Congressional inquiries and proposed and federal and state efforts designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to drug
pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, reduce the cost of drugs under Medicare, and reform
government program reimbursement methodologies for drugs. At the federal level, for example, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 included
a number of reforms related to drug pricing and the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services has promulgated revisions to the Medicaid
Drug Rebate Program. At the state level, legislatures are increasingly passing legislation and implementing regulations designed to control
pharmaceutical and biological product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain
product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, measures designed to encourage importation
from other countries and bulk purchasing. See Healthcare reform and other governmental and private payor initiatives may have
an adverse effect upon, and could prevent, commercial success of TZIELD and any other product candidates for which we obtain marketing
approval. 

80 

Risks Relating to Our Intellectual Property Rights 

We depend on rights to certain pharmaceutical
compounds that are licensed to us. We do not control these pharmaceutical compounds and any loss of our rights to them could prevent us
from selling our products. 

We are dependent on licenses from
third parties for all but one of our pharmaceutical compounds. We do not own the patents that underlie these licenses. Our rights to use
the pharmaceutical compounds we license are subject to the continuation of and compliance with the terms of those licenses. Thus, the
patents and patent applications applicable to our products were not written by us or our attorneys, and we did not have control over the
drafting and prosecution. The former patent owners and our licensors might not have given the same attention to the drafting and prosecution
of these patents and applications as we would have if we had been the owners of the patents and applications and had control over the
drafting. Moreover, under certain of our licenses, patent prosecution activities remain under the control of the licensor. We cannot be
certain that drafting of the licensed patents and patent applications, or patent prosecution, by the licensors have been or will be conducted
in compliance with applicable laws and regulations or will result in valid and enforceable patents and other intellectual property rights. 

Our rights to develop and commercialize
the products we license are subject to the validity of the owner s intellectual property rights. Enforcement of our licensed patents
or defense or any claims asserting the invalidity of these patents is often subject to the control or cooperation of our licensors. Legal
action could be initiated against the owners of the intellectual property that we license and an adverse outcome in such legal action
could harm our business because it might prevent such companies or institutions from continuing to license intellectual property that
we may need to operate our business. In addition, such licensors may resolve such litigation in a way that benefits them but adversely
affects our ability to develop and commercialize our products. 

In addition, our rights to practice
the inventions claimed in the licensed patents and patent applications are subject to our licensors abiding by the terms of those licenses
and not terminating them. Our licenses may be terminated by the licensor if we are in material breach of certain terms or conditions of
the license agreement or in certain other circumstances. Certain of our licenses contained in our license agreements contain provisions
that allow the licensor to terminate the license if (i) we breach any payment obligation or other material provision under the agreement
and fail to cure the breach within a fixed time following written notice of termination, (ii) we or any of our affiliates, licensees or
sublicensees directly or indirectly challenge the validity, enforceability, or extension of any of the licensed patents, (iii) we declare
bankruptcy or dissolve, (iv) we fail to maintain a licensed product in active development or fail to use commercially reasonable efforts
to develop or commercialize a licensed product. Our rights under the licenses are subject to our continued compliance with the terms of
the license, including the payment of royalties due under the license. Termination of these licenses could prevent us from marketing some
or all of our products. Because of the complexity of our products and the patents we have licensed, determining the scope of the license
and related royalty obligations can be difficult and can lead to disputes between us and the licensor. An unfavorable resolution of such
a dispute could lead to an increase in the royalties payable pursuant to the license. If a licensor believed we were not paying the royalties
due under the license or were otherwise not in compliance with the terms of the license, the licensor might attempt to revoke the license.
If such an attempt were successful, we might be barred from producing and selling some or all of our products. 

It is difficult and costly to protect our intellectual
property rights, and we cannot ensure the protection of these rights. 

Our commercial success will depend,
in part, on obtaining and maintaining patent protection for our technologies, products and processes, successfully defending these patents
against third-party challenges and successfully enforcing these patents against third party competitors. The patent positions of pharmaceutical
companies can be highly uncertain and involve complex legal, scientific and factual questions for which important legal principles remain
unresolved. Changes in either the patent laws or in interpretations of patent laws may diminish the value of our intellectual property.
Accordingly, we cannot predict the breadth of claims that may be allowable or enforceable in our patents. The existing patents and patent
applications relating to our product candidates and related technologies may be challenged, invalidated or circumvented by third parties
and might not protect us against competitors with similar products or technologies. 

81 

The degree of future protection
for our proprietary rights is uncertain, because legal means afford only limited protection and may not adequately protect our rights,
permit us to gain or keep our competitive advantage, or provide us with any competitive advantage at all. For example, others have filed,
and in the future are likely to file, patent applications covering products and technologies that are similar, identical or competitive
to any of our products, or important to our business. We cannot be certain that any patent application owned by a third party will not
have priority over patent applications filed by us, or that we will not be involved in interference, opposition or invalidity proceedings
before United States or foreign patent offices. Additionally, the composition of matter patents for teplizumab have expired, and although
we have filed method of use patents for teplizumab, these may not provide adequate protection from competitors. 

In the future we may rely on know-how
and trade secrets to protect technology, especially in cases when we believe patent protection is not appropriate or obtainable. However,
know-how and trade secrets are difficult to protect. While we intend to require employees, academic collaborators, consultants and other
contractors to enter into confidentiality agreements, we may not be able to adequately protect our trade secrets or other proprietary
or licensed information. Typically, research collaborators and scientific advisors have rights to publish data and information in which
we may have rights. If we cannot maintain the confidentiality of our proprietary technology and other confidential information, our ability
to receive patent protection and our ability to protect valuable information owned by us may be imperiled. Enforcing a claim that a third-party
entity illegally obtained and is using any of our trade secrets is expensive and time consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. In
addition, courts are sometimes less willing to protect trade secrets than patents. Moreover, our competitors may independently develop
equivalent knowledge, methods and know-how. 

If we fail to obtain or maintain
patent protection or trade secret protection for our products or our technologies, third parties could use our proprietary information,
which could impair our ability to compete in the market and adversely affect our ability to generate revenues and attain profitability. 

We may also rely on the trademarks
we may develop to distinguish our products from the products of our competitors. We cannot guarantee that any trademark applications filed
by us, or our licensors will be approved. Third parties may also oppose such trademark applications, or otherwise challenge our use of
the trademarks. In the event that the trademarks we use are successfully challenged, we could be forced to rebrand our products, which
could result in loss of brand recognition, and could require us to devote resources to advertising and marketing new brands. Further,
we cannot provide assurance that competitors will not infringe the trademarks we use, or that we will have adequate resources to enforce
these trademarks. 

Our products may infringe the intellectual property
rights of others, which could increase our costs and delay or prevent our development and commercialization efforts. 

Our success depends in part on
avoiding infringement of the proprietary technologies of others. The pharmaceutical industry has been characterized by frequent litigation
regarding patent and other intellectual property rights. Identification of third-party patent rights that may be relevant to our proprietary
technology is difficult because patent searching is imperfect due to differences in terminology among patents, incomplete databases and
the difficulty in assessing the meaning of patent claims. Additionally, because patent applications are maintained in secrecy until the
application is published, we may be unaware of third-party patents that may be infringed by commercialization of TZIELD, any of our product
candidates or any future product candidate. There may be certain issued patents and patent applications claiming subject matter that we
may be required to license in order to research, develop or commercialize any of our products, and we do not know if such patents and
patent applications would be available to license on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. Any claims of patent infringement asserted
by third parties would be time-consuming and may: 

result in costly litigation; 

divert the time and attention of our technical personnel and management; 

prevent us from commercializing a product until the asserted patent expires or is held finally invalid or not infringed in a court of law; 

require us to cease or modify our use of the technology and/or develop non-infringing technology; or 

require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements. 

Third parties may hold proprietary
rights that could prevent TZIELD or any of our product candidates from being marketed. Any patent-related legal action against us claiming
damages and seeking to enjoin commercial activities relating to TZIELD or any of our product candidates or our processes could subject
us to potential liability for damages and require us to obtain a license to continue to manufacture or market TZIELD, any of our product
candidates or any future product candidates. We cannot predict whether we would prevail in any such actions or that any license required
under any of these patents would be made available on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. In addition, we cannot be sure that we
could redesign TZIELD, any of our product candidates or any future product candidates or processes to avoid infringement, if necessary.
Accordingly, an adverse determination in a judicial or administrative proceeding, or the failure to obtain necessary licenses, could prevent
us from developing and commercializing TZIELD, any of our product candidates or a future product candidate, which could harm our business,
financial condition and operating results. 

82 

A number of companies, including
several major pharmaceutical companies, have conducted, or are conducting, research in immune-mediated diseases within the therapeutic
fields in which we intend to operate, which has resulted, or may result, in the filing of many patent applications related to this research.
If we were to challenge the validity of these or any issued United States patent in court, we would need to overcome a statutory presumption
of validity that attaches to every issued United States patent. This means that, in order to prevail, we would have to present clear and
convincing evidence as to the invalidity of the patent s claims. If we were to challenge the validity of these or any issued United
States patent in an administrative trial before the Patent Trial and Appeal Board in the United States Patent and Trademark Office, we
would have to prove that the claims are unpatentable by a preponderance of the evidence. There is no assurance that a jury and/or court
would find in our favor on questions of infringement, validity or enforceability. 

We may be subject to claims that we have wrongfully
hired an employee from a competitor or that we or our employees have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged confidential information or
trade secrets of their former employers. 

As is commonplace in our industry,
we will employ individuals who were previously employed at other pharmaceutical companies, including our competitors or potential competitors.
We may be subject in the future to claims that our employees or prospective employees are subject to a continuing obligation to their
former employers (such as non-competition or non-solicitation obligations) and that such obligations have been breached or claims that
our employees or we have inadvertently or otherwise used or disclosed trade secrets or other proprietary information of their former employers.
Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. Even if we are successful in defending against these claims, litigation could
result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management. 

Risks Related to Ownership of our Common Stock 

The price of our common stock may be volatile
and fluctuate substantially, which could result in substantial losses for stockholders. 

The market price of our common
stock has been volatile and can be subject to wide fluctuations in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control,
including, the reporting of results of our clinical trials or partner-sponsored clinical trials involving our programs. Other factors
may include those discussed in this Risk Factors section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 

our commercialization, marketing and manufacturing prospects; 

our intentions and our ability to establish collaborations and/or partnerships; 

the timing or likelihood of regulatory filings and approvals; 

our development, commercialization, marketing and manufacturing capabilities; 

our expectations regarding the potential market size and the size of the patient populations for TZIELD and our product candidates; 

the implementation of our business model and strategic plans for our business and technology; 

the scope of protection we are able to establish and maintain for intellectual property rights covering TZIELD and our product candidates, along with any product modifications and improvements; 

estimates of our expenses, future revenue, capital requirements, our needs for additional financing and our ability to obtain additional capital; 

our financial performance; and 

developments and projections relating to our competitors and our industry, including competing therapies and procedures. 

In addition, the stock markets
in general, and the markets for biopharmaceutical and biotechnology stocks in particular, have experienced extreme volatility that may
have been unrelated to the operating performance of the issuer. These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the market price
or liquidity of our common stock. In the past, when the market price of a stock has been volatile, holders of that stock have sometimes
instituted securities class action litigation against the issuer. 

83 

On
August 8, 2022, a shareholder derivative complaint (the Complaint was filed in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware
naming Chief Executive Officer Ashleigh Palmer, retired and former Chief Financial Officer Andrew Drechsler, former directors Jeffrey
Bluestone and Sean Doherty, and directors Avery Catlin, John Jenkins, Wayne Pisano, and Nancy Wysenski as defendants (the Individual
Defendants (the Delaware Derivative Action ). The Company is named as a nominal defendant. 

The
Complaint alleges: (1) breaches of fiduciary duty against all Individual Defendants in connection with disclosures made regarding the
TZIELD BLA and TZIELD s commercialization timeline; and (2) unjust enrichment. The Delaware Derivative Action seeks unspecified
damages from the Individual Defendants in favor of the Company and an order directing the Company to take all necessary actions to reform
and improve the Company s corporate governance and internal procedures, among other forms of relief. 

On
October 28, 2022, the Company and the Individual Defendants filed a motion to dismiss the Complaint. On January 20, 2023, in response
to the motion to dismiss, the shareholder plaintiff filed an amended complaint (the Amended Complaint alleging substantially
similar claims and seeking the same relief. The Company s and the Individual Defendants response to the Amended Complaint
was filed on March 17, 2023. 

This
lawsuit could result in substantial costs and divert our management s attention and resources and could also require us to make
substantial payments to satisfy judgments or to settle litigation. 

84 

An active, liquid and orderly market for our
common stock may not develop, which could result in substantial losses for stockholders. 

Prior to our IPO, there was no
public market for shares of our common stock. Although our common stock is listed on The Nasdaq Global Select Market Nasdaq ),
the market for our shares has demonstrated varying levels of trading activity and an active public market for our shares may not be sustained.
The lack of an active market may impair the ability to sell shares at the time a shareholder wishes to sell them or at a price that a
shareholder may consider reasonable. An inactive market may also impair our ability to raise capital by selling shares and may impair
our ability to acquire other businesses, applications, or technologies using our shares as consideration. 

We have incurred increased costs as a result
of operating as a public company, and our management is now required to devote substantial time to additional compliance initiatives and
corporate governance practices. 

As a public company, we incur
significant legal, accounting and other expenses. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection
Act, the listing requirements of Nasdaq and other applicable securities rules and regulations impose various requirements on public companies,
including establishment and maintenance of effective disclosure and financial controls and corporate governance practices. Our management
and other personnel devote a substantial amount of time to these compliance initiatives. Moreover, these rules and regulations have increased
our legal and financial compliance costs and will make some activities more time-consuming and costly. 

Future capital raises may dilute our existing
stockholders ownership and/or have other adverse effects on our operations. 

If we raise additional capital
by issuing equity securities, our existing stockholders percentage ownership will be reduced, and these stockholders may experience
substantial dilution. We may also issue equity securities that provide for rights, preferences and privileges senior to those of our common
stock. If we raise additional funds by issuing debt securities, these debt securities would have rights senior to those of our common
stock and the terms of the debt securities issued could impose significant restrictions on our operations, including liens on our assets.
If we raise additional funds through collaborations and licensing arrangements, we may be required to relinquish some rights to our technologies
or products, or to grant licenses on terms that are not favorable to us. 

Our principal stockholders and management own
a significant percentage of our stock and will be able to exert significant control over matters subject to stockholder approval. 

Our executive officers, directors,
holders of 5 or more of our capital stock and their respective affiliates beneficially owned approximately 34 of our voting stock as
of December 31, 2022. Therefore, these stockholders may have the ability to influence us through this ownership position. For example,
if these stockholders were to choose to act together, they may be able to significantly influence all matters submitted to our stockholders
for approval, including elections of directors, amendments of our organizational documents, or approval of any merger, sale of assets,
or other major corporate transaction. This may prevent or discourage unsolicited acquisition proposals or offers for our common stock
that you may feel are in your best interest as one of our stockholders. 

Sales of a substantial number of shares of our
common stock in the public market could cause our stock price to decline. 

Sales of a substantial number
of shares of our common stock in the public market could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. If our existing stockholders
sell, or indicate an intention to sell, substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market, the market price of our common stock
could decline. 

In accordance with the guidelines
specified under Rule 10b5-1 of the Exchange Act and our policies regarding stock transactions, a number of our employees, including executive
officers, have adopted and may continue to adopt stock trading plans pursuant to which they have arranged to sell shares of our common
stock from time to time in the future. Generally, sales under such plans by our executive officers and directors require public filings.
Sales by such persons could be viewed negatively by holders and potential purchasers of our common stock, resulting in a decline in the
market price of our common stock. 

In addition, as of December 31,
2022, approximately 32.5 million shares of common stock were subject to outstanding options, reserved for future issuance under our equity
incentive plans or subject to outstanding warrants. If these additional shares of common stock are sold, or if it is perceived that they
will be sold, in the public market, the market price of our common stock could decline. 

85 

If we are unable to maintain effective internal
control over financial reporting, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports and the market
price of our securities may decrease. 

Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act requires that we evaluate and determine the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and provide a management
report on our internal control over financial reporting 

If we are unable to comply with
the requirements of Section 404 in a timely manner, if we are unable to assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective
or if we are unable to provide an attestation report from our independent registered public accounting firm, investors may lose confidence
in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports and the market price of our common stock could decrease. 

Provisions in our organizational documents and
provisions under Delaware law could discourage a takeover that stockholders may consider favorable and may lead to entrenchment of management. 

Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation and bylaws contains provisions that could delay or prevent changes in control or changes in our management without the
consent of our board of directors. These provisions include the following: 

no cumulative voting in the election of directors, which limits the ability of minority stockholders to elect director candidates; 

the exclusive right of our board of directors to elect a director to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of the board of directors or the resignation, death or removal of a director, which prevents stockholders from being able to fill vacancies on our board of directors; 

the ability of our board of directors to authorize the issuance of shares of preferred stock and to determine the price and other terms of those shares, including preferences and voting rights, without stockholder approval, which could be used to significantly dilute the ownership of a hostile acquirer; 

the ability of our board of directors to amend our bylaws without obtaining stockholder approval; 

the required approval of at least 66 2/3 of the shares entitled to vote at an election of directors to adopt, amend or repeal our bylaws or repeal the provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation regarding the election and removal of directors; 

the requirement that a special meeting of stockholders may be called only by the chairman of the board of directors, the chief executive officer, the president or the board of directors, or at the request of holders of record of at least 20 of our outstanding shares of common stock, which may delay the ability of our stockholders to force consideration of a proposal or to take action, including the removal of directors; and 

advance notice procedures that stockholders must comply with in order to nominate candidates to our board of directors or to propose matters to be acted upon at a stockholders meeting, which may discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us. 

In addition, these provisions
would apply even if we were to receive an offer that some stockholders may consider beneficial. 

We are also subject to the anti-takeover
provisions contained in Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. Under Section 203, a corporation may not, in general, engage
in a business combination with any holder of 15 or more of its capital stock unless the holder has held the stock for three years or,
among other exceptions, the board of directors has approved the transaction. 

Claims for indemnification by our directors
and officers may reduce our available funds to satisfy successful third-party claims against us and may reduce the amount of money available
to us. 

Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation and bylaws provide that we will indemnify our directors and officers, in each case to the fullest extent permitted by
Delaware law. 

86 

In addition, as permitted by Section
145 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, our bylaws became effective immediately prior to the completion of the IPO and our indemnification
agreements that we have entered into with our directors and officers provide that: 

we will indemnify our directors and officers for serving us in those capacities or for serving other business enterprises at our request, to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. Delaware law provides that a corporation may indemnify such person if such person acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the registrant and, with respect to any criminal proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe such person s conduct was unlawful; 

we may, in our discretion, indemnify employees and agents in those circumstances where indemnification is permitted by applicable law; 

we are required to advance expenses, as incurred, to our directors and officers in connection with defending a proceeding, except that such directors or officers shall undertake to repay such advances if it is ultimately determined that such person is not entitled to indemnification; 

we will not be obligated pursuant to our bylaws to indemnify a person with respect to proceedings initiated by that person against us or our other indemnitees, except with respect to proceedings authorized by our board of directors or brought to enforce a right to indemnification; 

the rights conferred in our bylaws are not exclusive, and we are authorized to enter into indemnification agreements with our directors, officers, employees and agents and to obtain insurance to indemnify such persons; and 

we may not retroactively amend our bylaw provisions to reduce our indemnification obligations to directors, officers, employees and agents. 

Our certificate of incorporation provides that
the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders,
which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers
or employees. 

Our certificate of incorporation
provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the exclusive forum for any derivative action or proceeding brought on
our behalf, any action asserting a breach of fiduciary duty, any action asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to the Delaware
General Corporation Law, our certificate of incorporation or our bylaws, any action to interpret, apply, enforce, or determine the validity
of our certificate of incorporation or bylaws, or any action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine.
Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created
by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. As a result, the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought
to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction.
In addition, Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits brought to enforce
any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. As a result, the exclusive forum provision
will not apply to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or any other claim for which the federal
and state courts have concurrent jurisdiction. 

The choice of forum provision
may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors,
officers or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and other employees. Alternatively,
if a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in our certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable
in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect
our business and financial condition. 

We do not intend to pay dividends on our common
stock, and, consequently, the ability to achieve a return on investment will depend on appreciation in the price of our common stock. 

We do not intend to pay any cash
dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future. We intend to invest our future earnings, if any, to fund our growth. Therefore,
shareholders are not likely to receive any dividends on their common stock for the foreseeable future. Since we do not intend to pay dividends,
the ability to receive a return on investment will depend on any future appreciation in the market value of our common stock. There is
no guarantee that our common stock will appreciate or even maintain the price at which our holders have purchased it. 

87 

General Risk Factors 

We will need to grow the size of our organization,
and we may experience difficulties in managing this growth. 

As our development and commercialization
plans and strategies continue to develop, we intend to expand the size of our employee and consultant/contractor base. Future growth would
impose significant added responsibilities on members of management, including the need to identify, recruit, maintain, motivate and integrate
additional employees. In addition, our management may have to divert a disproportionate amount of its attention away from our day-to-day
activities and devote a substantial amount of time to managing these growth activities. Our future financial performance and our ability
to develop and commercialize TZIELD and our current and future product candidates and our ability to compete effectively will depend,
in part, on our ability to effectively manage our future growth. 

If we are not successful in attracting and retaining
highly qualified personnel, we may not be able to successfully implement our business strategy. In addition, the loss of the services
of our co-founders would adversely impact our business prospects. 

Our management team has expertise
in many different aspects of drug development and commercialization. However, our ability to compete in the highly competitive pharmaceuticals
industry depends in large part upon our ability to attract and retain highly qualified managerial, scientific and medical personnel. We
will need to hire additional personnel as we further develop and commercialize TZIELD and our product candidates. Competition for skilled
personnel in our market is intense and competition for experienced scientists may limit our ability to hire and retain highly qualified
personnel on acceptable terms. Despite our efforts to retain valuable employees, members of our management, scientific and medical teams
may terminate their employment with us on short notice. We have entered into employment agreements with certain of our executive officers.
However, these employment arrangements will provide for at-will employment, which means that any of our employees could leave our employment
at any time, with or without notice. Moreover, there can be no assurance that anyone we expect to employ in a key management position
will be available to join our team when we expect them to, if at all. The loss of the services of any of our executive officers or other
key employees, or our inability to hire targeted executives, could potentially harm our business, operating results or financial condition.
In particular, we believe that the loss of the services of our co-founders would have a material adverse effect on our business. Our success
also depends on our ability to continue to attract, retain and motivate highly skilled junior, mid-level, and senior managers as well
as junior, mid-level, and senior scientific and medical personnel. 

Other pharmaceutical companies
with which we compete for qualified personnel have greater financial and other resources, different risk profiles, and a longer history
in the industry than we do. They also may provide more diverse opportunities and better chances for career advancement. Some of these
characteristics may be more appealing to high-quality candidates than what we have to offer. If we are unable to continue to attract and
retain high-quality personnel, the rate and success at which we can develop and commercialize TZIELD and our product candidates would
be limited. 

If product liability lawsuits are brought against
us, we may incur substantial liabilities and may be required to limit commercialization of TZIELD or our product candidates. 

We face a potential risk of product
liability as a result of the clinical testing of TZIELD and our product candidates and will face an even greater risk as we scale up commercialization
of TZIELD and any product candidates for which we obtain marketing approval. For example, we may be sued if any product we develop, including
TZIELD or any of our product candidates, or any materials that we use in our products allegedly causes injury or is found to be otherwise
unsuitable during product testing, manufacturing, marketing or sale. Any such product liability claims may include allegations of defects
in manufacturing, defects in design, a failure to warn of dangers inherent in the product, negligence, strict liability and a breach of
warranties. In the United States, claims could also be asserted under state consumer protection acts. If we cannot successfully defend
ourselves against product liability claims, we may incur substantial liabilities or be required to limit commercialization of TZIELD or
any other product candidates for which we obtain marketing approval. Even successful defense would require significant financial and management
resources. Regardless of the merits or eventual outcome, liability claims may result in: 

decreased demand for TZIELD, any of our product candidates or any future products that we may develop; 

injury to our reputation; 

withdrawal of clinical trial participants; 

costs to defend the related litigation; 

a diversion of management s time and our resources; 

substantial monetary awards to trial participants or patients; 

product recalls, withdrawals or labeling, marketing or promotional restrictions; 

the inability to commercialize some or all of our products; and 

a decline in the value of our stock. 

88 

Our inability to obtain and retain
sufficient product liability insurance at an acceptable cost to protect against potential product liability claims could prevent or inhibit
the commercialization of products we develop. We maintain product liability insurance covering our clinical trials. Although we will maintain
such insurance, any claim that may be brought against us could result in a court judgment or settlement in an amount that is not covered,
in whole or in part, by our insurance or that is in excess of the limits of our insurance coverage. Our insurance policies also have various
exclusions, and we may be subject to a product liability claim for which we have no coverage. We may have to pay any amounts awarded by
a court or negotiated in a settlement that exceed our coverage limitations or that are not covered by our insurance, and we may not have,
or be able to obtain, sufficient capital to pay such amounts. 

We may acquire businesses or products, or form
strategic alliances, in the future, and we may not realize the benefits of such acquisitions. 

We may acquire additional businesses
or products, form strategic alliances or create joint ventures with third parties that we believe will complement or augment our existing
business. If we acquire businesses with promising markets or technologies, we may not be able to realize the benefit of acquiring such
businesses if we are unable to successfully integrate them with our existing operations and company culture. We may encounter numerous
difficulties in developing, manufacturing and marketing any new products resulting from a strategic alliance or acquisition that delay
or prevent us from realizing their expected benefits or enhancing our business. We cannot assure you that, following any such acquisition,
we will achieve the expected synergies to justify the transaction. 

We are generally a virtual company and may be
unable to adequately protect our information technology systems from cyber-attacks, which could result in the disclosure of confidential
information, damage our reputation, and subject us to significant financial and legal exposure. 

We are a virtual company and may
be unable to adequately protect our information technology systems from cyber-attacks, which could result in the disclosure of confidential
information, damage our reputation, and subject us to significant financial and legal exposure. 

Cyber-attacks are increasing in
their frequency, sophistication and intensity, and have become increasingly difficult to detect. Cyber-attacks could include wrongful
conduct by hostile foreign governments, industrial espionage, deployment of harmful malware, denial-of-service, and other means to threaten
data confidentiality, integrity and availability. A successful cyber-attack could cause serious negative consequences for our company,
including the disruption of operations, the misappropriation of confidential business information and trade secrets, and the disclosure
of corporate strategic plans. To date, we have not experienced threats to our data and information technology systems. However, although
we devote resources to protect our information technology systems, we realize that cyber-attacks are a threat, and there can be no assurance
that our efforts will prevent information security breaches that would result in business, legal or reputational harm to us, or would
have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. 

We rely on the proper function, availability
and security of our information technology systems to operate our business and a cyber-attack or other breach or disruption of these systems
could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

We rely on information technology
systems to process, transmit and store electronic information in our day-to-day operations. The form and function of such systems may
change over time as our business needs change. The nature of our business involves the receipt and storage of personal and financial information
regarding our customers. We use our information technology systems to manage or support a variety of business processes and activities,
including sales, procurement and supply chain, manufacturing and accounts payable. In addition, we use enterprise information technology
systems to record, process, and summarize transactions and other financial information and results of operations for internal reporting
purposes and to comply with regulatory financial reporting, legal, and tax requirements. Our information technology systems may be susceptible
to damage, disruptions or shutdowns due to computer viruses, attacks by computer hackers, failures during the process of upgrading or
replacing software, databases or components thereof, power outages, hardware failures, telecommunication failures, user errors or catastrophic
events. Any failure by us to maintain or protect our information technology systems and data integrity, including from cyber-attacks,
intrusions, disruptions or shutdowns, could result in the unauthorized access to personally identifiable information, theft of intellectual
property or other misappropriation of assets or the loss of key data and information, or otherwise compromise our confidential or proprietary
information and disrupt our operations. If our information technology systems are breached or suffer severe damage, disruption or shutdown
and we are unable to effectively resolve the issues in a timely manner, our business and operating results may be materially and adversely
affected. 

89 

If our efforts to maintain the privacy and security
of our patient, employee, supplier or Company information are not successful, we could incur substantial additional costs and become subject
to litigation, enforcement actions and reputational damage. 

Our business, like that of most
biopharmaceutical companies, involves the receipt, storage and transmission of patient information, as well as confidential information
about our employees, our suppliers and our Company. Our information systems are vulnerable to an increasing threat of continually evolving
cybersecurity risks. Unauthorized parties may attempt to gain access to our systems or information through fraud or other means of deceiving
our employees or third-party service providers. Hardware, software or applications we develop or obtain from third parties may contain
defects in design or manufacture or other problems that could unexpectedly compromise information and device security. The methods used
to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service or sabotage systems are also constantly changing and evolving, and may be difficult
to anticipate or detect for long periods of time. The ever-evolving threats mean we must continually evaluate and adapt our systems and
processes, and our efforts may not be adequate to safeguard against all data security breaches, misuse of data or sabotage of our systems.
Any future significant compromise or breach of our data security, whether external or internal, or misuse of patient, employee, supplier
or Company data, could result in additional significant costs, lost sales, fines, lawsuits and damage to our reputation. In addition,
as the regulatory environment related to information security, data collection and use, and privacy becomes increasingly rigorous, with
new and constantly changing requirements applicable to our business, compliance with those requirements could also result in additional
costs. 

We are subject to stringent privacy laws, information
security laws, regulations, policies and contractual obligations related to data privacy and security and changes in such laws, regulations,
policies and contractual obligations could adversely affect our business. 

We are subject to data privacy
and protection laws and regulations that apply to the collection, transmission, storage and use of personally-identifying information,
which among other things, impose certain requirements relating to the privacy, security and transmission of personal information, including
comprehensive regulatory systems in the United States, United Kingdom and European Union. The legislative and regulatory landscape for privacy and
data protection continues to evolve in jurisdictions worldwide, and there has been an increasing focus on privacy and data protection
issues with the potential to affect our business. Failure to comply with any of these laws and regulations could result in enforcement
action against us, including fines, imprisonment of company officials and public censure, claims for damages by affected individuals,
damage to our reputation and loss of goodwill, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
results of operations or prospects. 

There are numerous United States
federal and state laws and regulations related to the privacy and security of personal information. For example, HIPAA, as amended, and its implementing regulations establish privacy and security
standards that limit the use and disclosure of individually identifiable health information, or protected health information, and require
the implementation of administrative, physical and technological safeguards to protect the privacy of protected health information and
ensure the confidentiality, integrity and availability of electronic protected health information. While we have determined that we are
neither a covered entity nor a business associate directly subject to HIPAA, many of the United States health
care providers, including United States clinical trial sites, with which we interact are subject to HIPAA, and we have assumed contractual
obligations related to protecting the privacy of personal information. Determining whether protected health information has been handled
in compliance with applicable privacy standards and our contractual obligations can be complex and may be subject to changing interpretation.
If we are unable to properly protect the privacy and security of protected health information, we could be found to have breached our
contracts and we could face civil and criminal penalties. In addition, our operations have been affected by the California Consumer Privacy
Act CCPA ), which took effect on January 1, 2020. The CCPA gives California consumers (defined to include all California
residents) certain rights, including the right to ask covered companies to disclose the types of personal information collected, the categories
of sources from which such information was collected, the business purpose for collecting or selling the consumer s personal information,
the categories of third parties with whom a covered company shares personal information, and specific pieces of information collected
by a covered company. The CCPA imposes several obligations on covered companies to provide notice to California consumers regarding their
data processing activities. The CCPA also gives California consumers the right to ask covered companies to delete a consumer s personal
information and it places limitations on a covered company s ability to sell personal information, including providing consumers
a right to opt out of sales of their personal information. 

90 

In addition, we may be subject
to privacy and security laws in the various jurisdictions in which we operate, obtain or store personally identifiable information. The
legislative and regulatory landscape for privacy and data protection continues to evolve, and there has been an increasing focus on privacy
and data protection issues with the potential to affect our business. For example, the processing of personal data in the EEA and the
UK, is subject to the General Data Protection Regulation (the GDPR ), which took effect in May 2018. The GDPR increases obligations
with respect to clinical trials conducted in the EEA, such as in relation to the provision of fair processing notices, responding to data
subjects who exercise their rights and reporting certain data breaches to regulators and affected individuals. The GDPR also requires
us to enter certain contractual arrangements with third parties that process GDPR-covered personal data on our behalf. The GDPR also increases
the scrutiny applied to transfers of personal data from the EEA (including from clinical trial sites in the EEA) to countries that are
considered by the European Commission to lack an adequate level of data protection, such as the United States. The July 2020 invalidation
by the Court of Justice of the European Union of the EU-United States Privacy Shield framework, one of the mechanisms used to legitimize
the transfer of personal data from the EEA to the United States, and the imposition of restrictions on the use of other transfer mechanisms
made such transfer more complex and challenging and have also led to increased scrutiny on data transfers from the EEA to the United States
generally and may increase our costs of compliance with data privacy legislation. In June 2021, the Court of Justice of the European Union
issued a ruling that expanded the scope of the one stop shop under the GDPR. According to the ruling, the competent authorities
of European Union Member States may, under certain strict conditions, bring claims to their national courts against a company for breaches
of the GDPR, including unlawful cross-border processing activities, even such company does not have an establishment in the European Union
member state in question and the competent authority bringing the claim is not the lead supervisory authority. If our or our partners 
or service providers privacy or data security measures fail to comply with the GDPR requirements, we may be subject to litigation,
regulatory investigations, enforcement notices requiring us to change the way we use personal data and/or fines of up to 20 million Euros
or up to 4 of the total worldwide annual turnover of the preceding financial year, whichever is higher, as well as claims by affected
individuals, negative publicity, reputational harm and a potential loss of business and goodwill. 

Data privacy remains an evolving
landscape at both the domestic and international level, with new regulations coming into effect and continued legal challenges, and our
ongoing efforts to comply with evolving laws and regulations may be costly and require ongoing modifications to our policies, procedures
and systems. Our efforts to comply may also be unsuccessful. It is possible that these laws may be interpreted and applied in a manner
that is inconsistent with our practices. Failure to comply with laws regarding data protection would expose us to risk of enforcement
actions taken by data protection authorities in the European Union, the UK, and elsewhere and carries with it the potential for significant
penalties if we are found to be non-compliant. Similarly, failure to comply with federal and state laws in the United States regarding
privacy and security of personal information could expose us to penalties under such laws. Any such failure to comply with data protection
and privacy laws could result in government-imposed fines or orders requiring that we change our practices, claims for damages by data
subjects, regulatory investigations and enforcement action, litigation and significant costs for remediation, any of which could adversely
affect our business. Even if we are not determined to have violated these laws, government investigations into these issues typically
require the expenditure of significant resources and generate negative publicity, which could harm our business, financial condition,
results of operations or prospects. 

If securities or industry analysts do not publish
research or reports about our business, or if they issue an adverse or misleading opinion regarding our stock, our stock price and trading
volume could decline. 

The trading market for our common
stock will be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts publish about us or our business. We only recently
obtained research coverage by securities and industry analysts. If there are insufficient securities or industry analysts covering us,
the market price for our stock would be negatively impacted. If any of the analysts who cover us issue an adverse or misleading opinion
regarding us, our business model, our intellectual property or our stock performance, or if our clinical trials and operating results
fail to meet the expectations of analysts, our stock price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of us
or fail to publish reports on us regularly, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause our stock price
or trading volume to decline. 

91 

ITEM 1B. Unresolved
Staff Comments 

None. 

ITEM 2. Properties 

We currently lease a 7,000 square
foot office located at 55 Board Street, 2nd Floor, Red Bank, NJ 07701. The initial term of this lease will expire in 2026. 

ITEM 3. Legal Proceedings 

On
August 8, 2022, a shareholder derivative complaint (the Complaint was filed in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware
naming Chief Executive Officer Ashleigh Palmer, retired and former Chief Financial Officer Andrew Drechsler, former directors Jeffrey
Bluestone and Sean Doherty, and directors Avery Catlin, John Jenkins, Wayne Pisano, and Nancy Wysenski as defendants (the Individual
Defendants (the Delaware Derivative Action ). The Company is named as a nominal defendant. The Complaint alleges:
(1) breaches of fiduciary duty against all Individual Defendants in connection with disclosures made regarding the TZIELD BLA and TZIELD s
commercialization timeline; and (2) unjust enrichment. The Delaware Derivative Action seeks unspecified damages from the Individual Defendants
in favor of the Company and an order directing the Company to take all necessary actions to reform and improve the Company s corporate
governance and internal procedures, among other forms of relief. 

On
October 28, 2022, the Company and the Individual Defendants filed a motion to dismiss the Complaint. On January 20, 2023, in response
to the motion to dismiss, the shareholder plaintiff filed an amended complaint (the Amended Complaint alleging substantially
similar claims and seeking the same relief. The Company s and the Individual Defendants response to the Amended Complaint
was filed on March 17, 2023. 

The
Company is unable at this time to determine whether the outcomes of this litigation would have a material impact on its results of operations,
financial condition or cash flows. The Company does not have contingency reserves established for any litigation liabilities. 

ITEM 4. Mine Safety
Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

92 

PART II 

ITEM 5. Market
for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Market Information 

Our
common stock was publicly traded under the symbol PRVB on The Nasdaq Capital Market from July 24, 2018 until December 22,
2019, at which time our common stock was transitioned to and began trading on The Nasdaq Global Select Market. Prior to July 24, 2018,
there was no public market for our common stock. 

The following performance graph
shall not be deemed soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC, nor shall such information be incorporated
by reference into any future filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or Securities Exchange Act of 1934, each as amended, except to the
extent that we specifically incorporate it by reference into such filing. 

The following graph and chart
compare the cumulative annual stockholder return on our common stock over the period commencing July 24, 2018 and ending on December 31,
2022, to that of the total return for the Nasdaq Biotechnology Index and the Russell 2000 Index assuming an investment of 100 on July
24, 2018. In calculating cumulative total annual stockholder return, reinvestment of dividends, if any, is assumed. The indices are included
for comparative purposes only. They do not necessarily reflect management s opinion that such indices are an appropriate measure
of the relative performance of our common stock and are not intended to forecast or be indicative of future performance of our common
stock. 

7/24/2018 
 12/31/2018 
 12/31/2019 
 12/31/2020 
 12/31/2021 
 12/31/2022 

Provention Bio, Inc. 
 100.00 
 36.80 
 309.77 
 352.18 
 116.84 
 219.75 
 
 Nasdaq Biotechnology 
 100.00 
 82.21 
 102.86 
 130.04 
 130.06 
 116.90 
 
 Russell 2000 Index 
 100.00 
 80.79 
 101.42 
 121.66 
 139.69 
 111.14 

Holders of Record 

As
of March 20, 2023, there were approximately 14 holders of record of our common stock. This number does not include beneficial owners
whose shares are held by nominees in street name. The actual number of holders of our common stock is greater than this number
of record holders and includes stockholders who are beneficial owners, but whose shares are held in street name by brokers or held by
other nominees. 

93 

Dividends 

We
have never declared or paid cash dividends on our common stock, and we do not expect to pay any cash dividends on our common stock in
the foreseeable future. Any future determination to pay dividends will be made at the discretion of our board of directors and
will depend on various factors, including applicable laws, our results of operations, financial condition, future prospects, then applicable
contractual restrictions and any other factors deemed relevant by our board of directors. 

Equity Compensation Plans 

The information required by this
item is set forth in Part III of this Annual Report on
Form 10-K. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

There were no sales of unregistered
securities during the year ended December 31, 2022 that were not previously reported on a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

There were no repurchases of equity
securities during the fourth quarter of 2022. 

ITEM 6. [Reserved] 

ITEM 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The following discussion and
analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read together with our consolidated financial statements and related
notes appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Some of the information contained in this discussion and analysis or set
forth elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including information with respect to our plans and strategy for our business and
related financing, includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties and should be read together with the Risk
Factors section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of important factors that could cause actual results to differ
materially from the results described in or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in the following discussion and analysis. 

OVERVIEW 

We are a commercial-stage biopharmaceutical
company dedicated to intercepting and preventing immune-mediated diseases. Since our inception, we have devoted substantially all our
efforts to business planning, research and development, commercialization activities, recruiting management and technical staff, acquiring
operating assets, partnering and raising capital. We do not have any positive cash flows from operations, and we will need to raise additional
capital to finance our operations. 

On November 17, 2022, the FDA
approved TZIELD to delay the onset of Stage 3 T1D in adult and pediatric patients aged eight years and older with Stage 2 T1D. In December
2022 we began shipping TZIELD to our distributors in the United States, which include a specialty distributor and two specialty pharmacies.
The full commercial launch of TZIELD began in mid-January 2023. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 405.6 million.
Since our inception in October 2016, we have financed our operations primarily through equity and debt financings. Through equity offerings,
we have raised aggregate net proceeds of approximately 468.8 million as of December 31, 2022, net of underwriting discounts, commissions
and other offering expenses. This includes completed underwritten public offerings in June 2020, which raised net proceeds of 103.3 million
and in January 2021, which when combined with the partial exercise by the underwriters to purchase additional shares in February 2021,
raised net proceeds of 102.3 million, as well as a private placement of common stock and warrants in July 2022 which raised net proceeds
of 57.2 million. As of December 31, 2022, we have also raised 57.3 million in net proceeds from the sale of shares of common stock under
our ATM stock sale programs. In addition, we have received 23.7 million in net proceeds from the Hercules LSA, which provides for
up to 125.0 million of term loans in the aggregate. 

94 

We expect that over the next several
years we will continue to incur losses from operations as we increase our expenditures in research and development in connection with
our regulatory submissions, clinical trials and other development activities, as well as costs to support the commercialization of TZIELD.
If adequate funds are not available to us on a timely basis, or at all, we may be required to terminate or delay certain development activities
and certain commercial efforts. 

Merger Agreement with
Sanofi 

On March
12, 2023, we entered into the Merger Agreement with Sanofi and its indirect wholly owned acquisition subsidiary. Pursuant to the Merger
Agreement, and upon the terms and subject to the conditions thereof, Sanofi s acquisition subsidiary will commence a tender offer
to purchase all of the issued and outstanding shares of our common stock at a price of 25.00 per share, to the seller in cash, without
interest, but subject to any applicable withholding of taxes. If certain conditions are satisfied and the tender offer closes, Sanofi
would acquire any remaining shares of our common stock by a merger of Sanofi s acquisition subsidiary with and into the Company. 

The Merger
Agreement contemplates that the merger will be effected pursuant to Section 251(h) of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which permits
completion of the merger without a shareholder vote promptly following consummation of the tender offer. The obligation of Sanofi and
its acquisition subsidiary to consummate the tender offer is subject to the condition that there be validly tendered, and not properly
withdrawn, prior to the expiration of the tender offer, that number of shares of our common stock that, together with the number of shares
of our common stock, if any, then owned beneficially by Sanofi and its acquisition subsidiary (together with their wholly-owned subsidiaries),
represents at least a majority of the shares of our common stock outstanding as of the consummation of the tender offer. The obligation
of Sanofi s acquisition subsidiary to consummate the tender offer is also subject to the expiration of the waiting period (and any
extension thereof) under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 and other customary conditions. Consummation of the
tender offer is not subject to a financing condition. 

Following
the consummation of the tender offer and subject to the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, Sanofi s acquisition
subsidiary will merge with and into the Company pursuant to the provisions of Section 251(h) of the Delaware General Corporation Law
as provided in the Merger Agreement, with the Company being the surviving corporation. At the effective time of the merger, each
share of our common stock (other than shares of common stock (i) held in our treasury or owned by us or any of our direct or
indirect wholly owned subsidiaries, (ii) owned by Sanofi, us or any of Sanofi s or our respective direct or indirect wholly
owned subsidiaries (other than Sanofi s acquisition subsidiary), (iii) irrevocably accepted for purchase in the tender offer,
and (iv) held by stockholders who have properly demanded appraisal of their shares of common stock in accordance with the Delaware
General Corporation Law) will be cancelled and converted into the right to receive an amount in cash equal to the same 25.00 per
share price payable in the tender offer, less applicable withholding of taxes. 

The Merger Agreement includes customary representations,
warranties and covenants. We have agreed to use commercially reasonable efforts to carry on our business in the ordinary course until
the effective time of the merger. We have also agreed not to solicit or initiate discussions with third parties regarding other proposals
for a strategic transaction involving the Company. Sanofi and its acquisition subsidiary have agreed to use reasonable best efforts to
take actions that may be required in order to obtain antitrust approval of the proposed transaction, subject to certain limitations. The
Merger Agreement also includes customary termination provisions for each of us and Sanofi, subject, in certain circumstances, to the payment
by us of a termination fee of 100.0 million and the payment by Sanofi of a reverse termination fee of 158.0 million. 

KEY COMPONENTS OF OUR RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Product Revenues,
Net 

Product revenues, net,
consists of net sales of TZIELD. In December 2022 we began shipping TZIELD to our distributors in the United States, which include a
specialty distributor and two specialty pharmacies. The full commercial launch of TZIELD began in mid-January 2023. Revenues from product sales are recorded at the
net sales price, or transaction price, which includes estimates of variable consideration that result from (a) invoice discounts for
prompt payment and distribution fees, (b) government rebates, such as Medicaid and Tricare, (c) estimated chargebacks, including the
Public Health Service 340B drug pricing program chargebacks, and (d) costs of co-pay assistance programs for patients. Where
appropriate, these estimates take into consideration a range of possible outcomes which are probability-weighted for relevant
factors such as the Company s historical experience, current contractual and statutory requirements, specific known market
events and trends, industry data and forecasted customer buying and payment patterns. If actual results in the future vary from
estimates, we may adjust these estimates, which would affect net product revenue and earnings in the period such variances become
known. 

Collaboration Revenues 

Collaboration revenues consists
of revenue recognized under our License Agreement with Huadong and Co-Promotion Agreement with Sanofi. We recognize revenue for the Sanofi
Co-Promotion Agreement using a time elapsed output method and are recognizing the upfront, non-refundable ROFN
payment on a straight-line basis over the Initial ROFN period from October 4, 2022 through June 30, 2023. We recognize revenue under the
Huadong License Agreement, which relates to payments received or to be received from Huadong for the granting of licenses and the performance
of research, development and manufacturing activities, using a cost-based input method according to costs incurred to date compared to
estimated total costs of the clinical research activities over the period which the activities are performed under the agreement, which
began in mid-2021 and are currently expected to occur through the second half of 2024. We expect that revenue will fluctuate from period to period as a result
of the timing of expenses incurred in conjunction with the related research and development activities. 

Cost of Product
Revenues (Excluding Amortization of Intangible Assets) 

Cost of product revenues
(excluding amortization of intangible assets) consists primarily of direct and indirect costs related to the manufacturing of TZEILD sold,
including third-party manufacturing costs, packaging services, freight, inventory reserves, allocation of overhead costs, as well as royalty
expenses. We began capitalizing inventory costs for TZEILD following FDA approval in November 2022. Prior to regulatory approval, we recorded
all costs related to manufacturing and material costs of TZIELD as research and development expenses when incurred, and therefore are
not included in cost of product revenues. 

Research and Development
Expenses 

Research and development expenses
consist primarily of clinical studies, the cost of manufacturing our drug candidates for clinical study, regulatory costs, other internal
operating expenses, and the cost of conducting preclinical activities. Expenses also include the cost of salaries, benefits and other
related costs, including stock-based compensation, for personnel serving in our research and development functions. In addition, our research
and development expenses include payments to third parties, as well as the fair value of equity issuances to third parties for the license
rights to products in development (prior to marketing approval). Our expenses related to clinical trials are primarily related to activities
at CROs and other consultants that design, obtain regulatory and ethics committee approval, and conduct clinical trials on our behalf.
Our expenses related to the production of drug substance or drug product for our clinical trials and development programs are primarily
related to activities performed by licensors, strategic partners or CMOs and other consultants on our behalf. Our development efforts
from inception have been principally related to the acquisition and development of our clinical programs, as well as the build out of
our medical affairs infrastructure, medical education programs and grants to support the screening of potential T1D patients. 

95 

All
research and development expenses are charged to operations as incurred in accordance with ASC 730 , Research and Development .
We account for non-refundable advance payments for goods and services that will be used in future research and development activities
as expenses when the service has been performed or when the goods have been received, rather than when the payment is made. 

Selling,
General and Administrative Expenses 

Selling,
general and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries, benefits and other related costs, including stock-based compensation,
for our personnel serving in our executive, business development, commercial, legal, finance and accounting and other administrative
functions. Selling, general and administrative expenses also include professional fees for marketing and other commercial activities,
legal, including patent-related expenses, consulting, insurance, board of director fees, tax and accounting services. We expect that
our selling, general and administrative expenses will increase significantly in the future as we continue the commercial launch of TZIELD,
including due to expenses to be incurred under the Sanofi Co-Promotion Agreement. 

Amortization
of Intangible Assets 

Upon
FDA approval of TZIELD in November 2022, our definite-lived intangible assets began to be amortized over their estimated useful lives.
Our definite-lived intangibles assets consist solely of milestone payments, primarily relating to our agreement with MacroGenics, for
in-licensed product rights which have an alternative future use. We are amortizing the TZIELD milestone intangible assets over TZIELD s
initial regulatory exclusivity period of 12 years. Certain events or circumstances may occur that require us to review the assets for
impairment. 

Interest
Income, net 

Interest
income, net, consists of interest income earned on our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities offset by amortization of premiums
and accretion of discounts to maturity on our marketable securities. 

Interest
Expense 

Interest
expense consists of the accretion of debt discount, contractual interest costs and the amortization of debt issuance costs related to
our debt. Debt discount is accreted, and debt issuance costs are amortized, to interest expense using the effective interest rate method
over the term of the debt. Our consolidated balance sheets reflect debt, net of the debt discount, debt issuance costs paid to the lender
and other third-party costs. 

96 

RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS 

Comparison
of years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Years Ended December 31, 
 Increase 

2022 
 2021 
 (Decrease) 

(in thousands, except per share data) 

Statement of Comprehensive Loss Data: 

Product revenues, net 
 1,183 
 
 1,183 
 
 Collaboration revenues 
 11,712 
 1,395 
 10,317 
 
 Total revenues 
 12,895 
 1,395 
 11,500 

Operating expenses: 

Cost of product revenues (excluding amortization of intangible assets) 
 512 
 
 512 
 
 Research and development 
 75,804 
 69,627 
 6,177 
 
 Selling, general and administrative 
 64,113 
 47,346 
 16,767 
 
 Amortization of intangible assets 
 627 
 
 627 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 141,056 
 116,973 
 24,083 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (128,161 
 (115,578 
 12,583 
 
 Interest income, net 
 2,241 
 146 
 2,095 
 
 Interest expense 
 (1,037 
 
 (1,037 
 
 Loss before income tax benefit 
 (126,957 
 (115,432 
 11,525 
 
 Income tax benefit 
 13,392 
 1,000 
 12,392 
 
 Net loss 
 (113,565 
 (114,432 
 (867 

Net loss per common share, basic and diluted 
 (1.52 
 (1.81 

Weighted average common shares outstanding, basic and diluted 
 74,723 
 63,101 

Product
Revenues, Net 

Product
revenues, net, were 1.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Following receipt of FDA approval for TZIELD in November 2022,
we began shipping TZIELD to our distributors in the United States in December 2022. We did not recognize any product revenues during
the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Collaboration
Revenues 

Collaboration
revenues were 11.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 10.3 million, compared to 1.4 million for the year
ended December 31, 2021. The increase in collaboration revenues is driven by 6.6 million recognized under the Sanofi Co-Promotion Agreement,
which was executed in October 2022, as well as an increase of 3.7 million of revenue recognized under the Huadong License Agreement
due to an increase in the related clinical research and manufacturing activities performed as a result of the initiation of the PREVAIL-2
Phase 2a study in January 2022. 

Cost
of Product Revenues (Excluding Amortization of Intangible Assets) 

Cost
of product revenues (excluding amortization of intangible assets) was 0.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Cost of
product revenues related primarily to the manufacturing costs of units of TZIELD sold during the year ended December 31, 2022, as
well as royalty expenses, overhead costs, initial product validation charges and the establishment of inventory reserves recorded
for excess inventory. We did not record any cost of product revenues for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Research
and Development Expenses 

Research
and development expenses were 75.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 6.2 million, compared to 69.6
million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase related primarily to manufacturing costs for additional clinical drug
supply of PRV-3279, costs for the PREVAIL-2 Phase 2a study (PRV-3279), which was initiated in January 2022, as well as increased costs for the PROACTIVE Phase 2b study (ordesekimab). These
increases in research and development expenses were partially offset by lower costs for our TZIELD program, including the PROTECT
study, as we completed target enrollment in August 2021, and lower costs for regulatory activities, compared to the prior year
period, which included costs related to the initial TZIELD BLA submission. Also contributing to the decrease were costs related to
the PROVENT Phase 1 study (PRV-101), for which we announced interim results from in October 2021, including 0.5
million in expense related to a milestone payment to Vactech for the first subject dosed in the PROVENT study during the first
quarter of 2021. We also incurred 1.1 million in expenses related to the Company s grant of certain rights of PRV-3279 to
Huadong under the Huadong License Agreement during the first quarter of 2021. 

97 

Research
and development expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 also included personnel costs of 26.1 million and 16.3 million,
respectively, including stock-based compensation of 7.8 million and 4.4 million in each respective year. The increase in personnel
costs relates to an increase in headcount as well as an increase in stock-based compensation due to the vesting of certain performance-based
metrics related primarily to the receipt of FDA approval for, and commercial launch of, TZIELD. 

Selling,
General and Administrative Expenses 

Selling,
general and administrative expenses were 64. 1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 16. 8 million, compared to
 47.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Selling, general and administrative expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021 were comprised of the following: 

Years Ended December 31, 
 Increase 

2022 
 2021 
 (Decrease) 

(in thousands) 

Selling and other commercial expenses 
 35,799 
 23,250 
 12,549 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 28,314 
 24,096 
 4,218 
 
 Total selling, general and administrative expenses 
 64,113 
 47,346 
 16,767 

Selling
and other commercial expenses were 35.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and primarily consisted of 15.8 million in
external costs for our pre-commercial and commercial activities for TZIELD, such as marketing, market access and commercial launch
related costs, 18.4 million in personnel costs, including stock-based compensation of 4.8 million and 1.4 million of other
commercial expenses. Selling and other commercial expenses were 23.3 million for the year
ended December 31, 2021 and primarily consisted of 12.2 million in external costs for our pre-commercial activities, such as
marketing and market access costs, and 11.1 million in personnel costs, including stock-based compensation of 2.0 million. The
increase in selling and other commercial expenses related primarily to an increase in headcount for the buildout of our commercial
infrastructure and other activities to support the commercial launch of TZIELD. 

General
and administrative expenses were 28.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and primarily consisted of 14.3 million in personnel
costs, including stock-based compensation of 6.4 million, 7.9 million in professional fees and legal expenses, 2.7 million in insurance
and other public company costs, as well as 3.1 million in other internal expenses. Other general and administrative expenses were 24.1
million for the year ended December 31, 2021 and primarily consisted of 10.7 million in personnel costs, including stock-based compensation
of 5.5 million, 8.4 million in professional fees and legal expenses, and approximately 2.6 million in insurance and other public company
costs. 

The
increase selling, general and administrative stock-based compensation expense in 2022 relates to the increase in headcount as well
as the vesting of certain performance-based metrics related primarily to the receipt of FDA approval for, and commercial launch of,
TZIELD. 

Amortization
of Intangible Assets 

Amortization
of intangible assets was 0.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Amortization of intangible assets is comprised of amortization
of milestone payments, primarily related to our agreement with MacroGenics, for in-licensed product rights which have an alternative future
use. We did not record any amortization expense for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

98 

Interest
Income, net 

Interest
income, net, was 2.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 0.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2021.
The increase in interest income, net, primarily related higher yields from our investment portfolio during the year ended December 31,
2022. 

Interest
Expense 

Interest
expense was 1.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, and consisted of contractual interest, accretion of debt discount and
amortization of debt issuance costs for our debt. We did not have any outstanding debt during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Income
Tax Benefit 

We
recorded an income tax benefit of 13.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 1.0 million for the year ended December
31, 2021. Both benefits recognized related to proceeds from the sale of certain of our prior years New Jersey net operating losses. The
increase in income tax benefit related to an overall increase in the amount of net operating losses NOLs sold year over year. 

Comparison
of years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 

Years Ended December 31, 
 Increase 

2021 
 2020 
 (Decrease) 

(in thousands, except per share data) 

Statement of Comprehensive Loss Data: 

Collaboration revenues 
 1,395 
 
 1,395 
 
 Operating expenses: 

Research and development 
 69,627 
 66,360 
 3,267 
 
 General and administrative 
 47,346 
 33,327 
 14,019 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 116,973 
 99,687 
 17,286 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (115,578 
 (99,687 
 15,891 
 
 Interest income, net 
 146 
 583 
 (437 
 
 Loss before income tax benefit 
 (115,432 
 (99,104 
 16,328 
 
 Income tax benefit 
 1,000 
 523 
 477 
 
 Net loss 
 (114,432 
 (98,581 
 15,851 

Net loss per common share, basic and diluted 
 (1.81 
 (1.88 

Weighted average common shares outstanding, basic and diluted 
 63,101 
 52,457 

Collaboration
Revenues 

Collaboration
revenue was 1.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, recognized from the Huadong License Agreement. We did not recognize any
collaboration revenue during the year ended December 31, 2020. 

Research
and Development Expenses 

Research
and development expenses were 69.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 3.2 million, compared to 66.4 million
for the year ended December 31, 2020. The increase related primarily to increased costs for our TZIELD program, including the PROTECT
study and the PROTECT Extension study, as well as the build out of our medical affairs infrastructure, medical education programs and
grants to support the screening of potential T1D patients. Also contributing to the increase were costs for the PROACTIVE study (ordesekimab),
which was initiated in August 2020, and the PREVAIL Phase 2a study (PRV-3279), for start-up costs incurred in the second half of 2021.
We also incurred 1.1 million in expense, which was paid to MacroGenics in May 2021, in connection with the Company s grant of
certain rights of PRV-3279 to Huadong under the Huadong License Agreement and 0.5 million in expense related to a milestone payment
to Vactech for the first subject dosed in the PROVENT study during the first quarter of 2021. These increases were offset by a decrease
in TZIELD manufacturing costs, including costs for GMP and process performance qualification PPQ batches of drug supply
and drug product, which were produced in 2020, drug supply manufacturing costs for PRV-101 and regulatory activities for the initial
teplizumab BLA submission incurred in the prior year period. 

99 

Research
and development expenses for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 also included personnel costs of 16.3 million and 11.7 million,
respectively, including stock-based compensation of 4.4 million and 5.6 million in each respective year. The increase in personnel
costs relates to an increase in headcount and was partially offset by a decrease in stock-based compensation due to the vesting of certain performance-based
metrics related primarily to the completion of CMC activities and submission of the BLA for TZIELD that occurred in the prior year period. 

General
and Administrative Expenses 

General
and administrative expenses were 47.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 14.0 million, compared to 33.3
million for the year ended December 31, 2020. General and administrative expenses for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 were
comprised of the following: 

Years Ended December 31, 
 Increase 

2021 
 2020 
 (Decrease) 

(in thousands) 

Pre-commercial expenses 
 23,250 
 16,298 
 6,952 
 
 Other general and administrative expenses 
 24,096 
 17,029 
 7,067 
 
 Total general and administrative expenses 
 47,346 
 33,327 
 14,019 

Pre-commercial
expenses were 23.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 and primarily consisted of 12.2 million in external costs for our pre-commercial
activities, such as marketing and market access costs, and 11.1 million in personnel costs, including stock-based compensation of 2.0
million. Pre-commercial expenses were 16.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 and primarily
consisted of 11.7 million in external costs of pre-commercial activities for TZIELD and 4.6 million in personnel costs, including
stock-based compensation of 1.7 million. The increase in pre-commercial expenses related primarily to an increase in headcount,
as we continued to buildout out our infrastructure to support the commercial launch of TZIELD. 

General
and administrative expenses were 24.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 and primarily consisted of 10.7 million in personnel
costs, including stock-based compensation of 5.5 million, 8.4 million in professional fees and legal expenses, and approximately 2.6
million in insurance and other public company costs. Other general and administrative expenses were 17.0 million for the year ended
December 31, 2020 and were primarily comprised of 9.0 million in personnel costs, including stock-based compensation of 5.9 million,
 5.0 million in professional fees and legal expenses, and approximately 2.0 million in insurance and other public company costs. 

Interest
Income, net 

Interest
income, net was 0.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to 0.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. The
decrease in interest income, net during the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily related to a reduction in interest rates since the
COVID-19 pandemic began in early 2020. 

Income
Tax Benefit 

We
recorded an income tax benefit of 1.0 million during the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to 0.5 million during the year ended
December 31, 2020. Both benefits recognized related to proceeds from the sale of certain of our prior years New Jersey net operating
losses. The increase in income tax benefit related to an overall increase in the amount of NOLs sold year over year. 

LIQUIDITY
AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

Sources
and Uses of Cash 

There
is considerable time and cost associated with developing a potential drug or pharmaceutical product to the point of regulatory approval
and commercialization. We commenced commercial shipments of TZIELD in December 2022. We expect to continue to incur operating losses
as we conduct our commercial launch of TZIELD and fund related development and regulatory activities for TZIELD and our product candidates. 

100 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities of 165.0 million. We currently have invested our cash,
cash equivalents and marketable securities primarily in money market funds, U.S. Treasury securities, U.S Government agency securities
and investment-grade corporate debt securities. Since our inception in October 2016, we have financed our operations primarily through
equity and debt financings. Through equity offerings, we have raised aggregate net proceeds of approximately 468.8 million as of December
31, 2022, net of underwriting discounts, commissions and other offering expenses. 

On
February 10, 2023, Sanofi, in accordance with the Sanofi Securities Purchase Agreement (defined below), purchased 2,712,497 shares of our
common stock at a purchase price of approximately 12.90 per share, which was equal to 140 of the daily volume-weighted average price per share of
our common stock for the five consecutive trading days prior to the closing date, for a total investment of 35.0 million. 

In
July 2022, we entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with certain institutional purchasers, pursuant to which we sold, in a private
placement, 13,318,535 shares of common stock and 13,318,535 warrants to acquire additional shares of common stock for aggregate gross
proceeds of approximately 60.0 million, based on an offering price of 4.505 for each share plus one warrant. The warrants will expire
five years from the closing date of the transaction, have an exercise price of 6.00 per share and are immediately exercisable upon issuance,
subject to other limitations on exercise as described in the warrants. Net proceeds from the transaction were 57.2 million after deducting
fees for the placement agent of 2.4 million and other offering expenses of 0.4 million. 

We
established the 2021 ATM Program through which the Company may sell, from time to time at its
sole discretion, up to 150.0 million of shares of its common stock. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company sold 10,306,780
shares of its common stock for aggregate net proceeds of 47.4 million, net of 1.7 million in sales commissions and other offering expenses,
under the 2021 ATM Program all of which occurred during the quarters ended June 30, 2022 and September 30, 2022. We have approximately
 100.9 million of available capacity under the 2021 ATM Program. 

In
January 2021, we completed an underwritten public offering in which we sold 6,250,000 shares of common stock at a public offering price
of 16.00 per share. In February 2021, the underwriters partially exercised their option to purchase an additional 587,500 shares at
a price of 16.00 per share. In the aggregate, total net proceeds from the underwritten public offering were 102.3 million, after deducting
underwriting discounts and commissions of 6.6 million and other offering expenses of 0.5 million. 

In
June 2020, we completed an underwritten public offering in which we sold 7,590,000 shares of common stock at a public offering price
of 14.50 per share. The 7,590,000 shares sold included the full exercise of the underwriters option to purchase 990,000 shares
at a price of 14.50 per share. We received net proceeds from the underwritten public offering of 103.3 million, after deducting underwriting
discounts and commissions of approximately 6.6 million and other offering expenses of 0.2 million. 

In
August 2019, we established an at-the-market program 2019 ATM Program through which we may sell, from time to time at
our sole discretion, up to 50.0 million of shares of our common stock. In February 2021, we established the 2021 ATM Program .
In connection with the establishment of the 2021 ATM Program, we terminated the 2019 ATM Program, and no additional stock may be issued
thereunder. Prior to its termination, we sold 725,495 shares of its common stock for aggregate net proceeds of approximately 9.9 million,
net of 0.3 million in sales commissions, under the 2019 ATM Program, all of which occurred during the quarter ended June 30, 2020. 

In
addition, in August 2022, we entered into the Hercules LSA with Hercules Capital, Inc. The Hercules LSA provides for up to 125.0 million
of term loans in the aggregate, available to be funded in up to five tranches. The first tranche in an amount equal to 25.0 million
was drawn on August 31, 2022, the Closing Date, for net proceeds of 23.7 million. On February 2, 2023, an additional 40.0 million was
drawn from the second tranche following FDA approval of TZIELD, for net proceeds of approximately 38.9 million. The third and fourth
tranches will be available to us in an aggregate amount of up to 35.0 million, subject to satisfaction of certain conditions, including
achievement of certain milestones. The availability of the fifth tranche of up to 25.0 million is subject to the approval of Hercules
Capital, Inc. 

If the Merger Agreement is terminated
under certain circumstances, including termination by us in order to accept and enter into a definitive agreement with respect to a Superior
Proposal (as defined in the Merger Agreement) or termination due to a change in recommendation by our Board, we will be required to pay
Sanofi a termination fee of 100.0 million by wire transfer of immediately available funds. The Merger Agreement also provides that Sanofi
must pay us a 158.0 million termination fee if the merger is not consummated due to the failure of certain conditions to be satisfied
as a result of failure to obtain antitrust clearance. 

101 

We
will need to raise additional capital to fund our operations, execute our strategy and continue as a going concern. We currently
plan to raise additional capital, subject to any applicable restrictions in the Merger Agreement, through public or private equity or debt financings, or potential out-licensing transactions. Such
additional funding will be necessary to continue to develop our product candidates, to pursue the license or purchase of other
technologies, to commercialize TZIELD or our product candidates, or to purchase other products. We may seek to sell common or
preferred equity or convertible debt securities, enter into other credit facilities or another form of third-party funding, or seek
other debt financing. In addition, we may consider raising additional capital to fund operating activities, expand our business,
pursue strategic investments, take advantage of financing opportunities, or for other reasons. The sale of equity and convertible
debt securities may result in dilution to our stockholders and those securities may have rights senior to those of our common stock.
If we raise additional funds through the issuance of preferred stock, convertible debt securities or other debt financing, these
securities or other debt could contain covenants that would restrict our operations. Any other third-party funding arrangement could
require us to relinquish valuable rights. We may require additional capital beyond its currently anticipated needs. Additional
capital may not be available on reasonable terms, or at all. If we are unable to obtain sufficient additional funds when required,
we may be forced to delay, restrict or eliminate all or a portion of our development programs, halt commercial sales activities for
TZIELD, dispose of assets or technology or cease operations. 

Our
cash requirements for 2023 and into 2024 will be impacted by a number of factors, the most significant of which are the success of our commercial launch of TZIELD and expenses related to the continued commercialization of TZIELD, including costs to continue the
build out the Company s commercial infrastructure and commercial sales activities (including the Sanofi Co-Promotion Agreement),
the milestone payments due to MacroGenics, the PROTECT clinical trial and manufacturing activities for
TZIELD. Other factors include costs related to the Company s other ongoing clinical trials, such as the Phase 2b PROACTIVE clinical
study of ordesekimab in celiac disease and the Phase 2a PREVAIL-2 clinical study of PRV-3279 in lupus, which was initiated in January 2022. 

Based
on our current business plans, management believes that our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities on hand at December 31,
2022 are sufficient to meet our operating requirements for at least the next 12 months from the issuance of the financial statements
included in this report. 

Cash
Flows 

The
following table shows a summary of our cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 

(in thousands) 
 
 Net cash (used in) provided by: 

Operating activities 
 (75,408 
 (95,385 
 (76,336 
 
 Investing activities 
 (88,127 
 (31,096 
 25,174 
 
 Financing activities 
 129,384 
 102,377 
 114,291 
 
 Net change in cash and cash equivalents 
 (34,151 
 (24,104 
 63,129 

Cash
Flows from Operating Activities 

Net
cash used in operating activities was 75.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, and primarily related to cash used to fund
manufacturing, pre-commercial and commercial activities for TZIELD, clinical development activities
for ordesekimab, clinical development and manufacturing expenses for PRV-3279, as well as increased personnel costs to support our clinical
programs and our corporate and commercial infrastructures. Cash expenses were offset by 11.6 million received from the sale of certain
of our New Jersey net operating losses, as well as the 20.0 million upfront ROFN payment received in connection with the Sanofi Co-Promotion
Agreement and 3.0 million received from Huadong in connection with the Huadong License Agreement. Under these two agreements, there
was 18.4 million currently recorded as deferred revenue as of December 31, 2022. Our working capital was 84.3 million as of December
31, 2022. 

Net
cash used in operating activities was 95.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, and primarily related to cash used to fund
clinical development, manufacturing, regulatory activities and pre-commercial activities for TZIELD, clinical development activities
for ordesekimab, PRV-3279 and PRV-101, and increased personnel costs to support our clinical programs and the build out of our corporate
and commercial infrastructure. Cash expenses were offset by 8.5 million received from Huadong in connection with the Huadong License
Agreement, of which 7.1 million was recorded as deferred revenue as of December 31, 2021. 

102 

Net
cash used in operating activities was 76.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 and primarily related to cash used to fund clinical
development, manufacturing, and pre-commercial activities for TZIELD, clinical development activities for ordesekimab, development
activities for PRV-101, and increased personnel costs to support our clinical programs and the build out of our corporate and commercial
infrastructure. 

Cash
Flows from Investing Activities 

Net
cash used in investing activities was 88.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, and primarily related to the purchase of marketable
securities totaling 103.1 million, 15.0 million paid to MacroGenics for the first product milestone tranche payable upon FDA approval
of TZIELD and capital expenditures associated with data information systems of 0.1 million, partially offset by proceeds received from the maturity
of marketable securities totaling 30.8 million. 

Net
cash used in investing activities was 31.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, and primarily related to the purchase of marketable
securities totaling 55.3 million and capital expenditures associated with data information systems of 1.0 million, partially offset by proceeds
received from the maturity of marketable securities totaling 25.2 million. 

Net
cash provided by investing activities was 25.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 and primarily related to the proceeds received
from the maturity of marketable securities totaling 55.0 million, partially offset by purchases of marketable securities totaling 28.7 million
and net capital expenditures associated with the build out of our new corporate headquarters and information systems infrastructure of
 1.1 million. 

Cash
Flows from Financing Activities 

Net
cash provided by financing activities was 129.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, and primarily related to aggregate net
proceeds received from the July 2022 Private Placement of 57.2 million, 47.4 million from the sale of common stock under our 2021 ATM
program, 23.7 million from the issuance of debt under the Hercules LSA as well as 1.0 million in proceeds received from stock option
exercises during the period. 

Net
cash provided by financing activities was 102.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, and primarily related to aggregate net
proceeds of 102.3 million received from our underwritten public offering in January 2021, including the subsequent partial
exercise of the underwriters option to purchase additional shares in February 2021, as well as approximately 0.1 million in proceeds
from stock option exercises during the period. 

Net
cash provided by financing activities was 114.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 and primarily related to net proceeds received
from our underwritten public offering in June 2020 of 103.3 million, net proceeds received from the sale of our common stock under our
ATM program of 9.9 million and 1.1 million received from stock option exercises during the period. 

Commitments
and Contractual Obligations 

We
have entered into a number of license, collaboration, acquisition and other agreements with third parties. For further details regarding
our significant contracts, and the commitments and contractual obligations contained within each contract, please refer to Note 6 - Commitments
and Contingencies, and Note 12 - Debt, to our consolidated financial statements included in this report, which is incorporated herein
by reference. 

In
July 2020, we entered into an agreement to lease approximately 7,000 square feet of office space in Red Bank, NJ, for which the initial
lease term expires approximately 64 months from the lease commencement date, which occurred in October 2020, with base annual lease payments
of approximately 0.2 million. 

103 

In
addition, in the course of normal business operations, we have agreements with contract service providers to assist in the performance
of our research and development and manufacturing activities. Expenditures to CROs, CMOs and other clinical development related vendors
represent significant costs in clinical development. Subject to required notice periods and our obligations under binding purchase orders,
we can elect to discontinue the work under these agreements at any time. We could also enter into additional collaborative research,
contract research, manufacturing, and supplier agreements in the future, which may require upfront payments and even long-term commitments
of cash. As of December 31, 2022, we had 0.3 million of contracted purchase obligations which represents our commitments under binding
forecasts, and purchase orders (inclusive of cancellation fees), including those provided under our agreements with our CMOs. The actual
amounts incurred will be determined based on the amount of goods purchased and the pricing then in effect under the applicable arrangement.
These committed purchase obligations are expected to be incurred within one year from the issuance of these financial statements. 

We
also have employment agreements with certain employees which require the funding of a specific level of payments, if certain events,
such as a change in control or termination without cause, occur. 

We
do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future material effect on our
financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. We do not have
any interest in special purpose entities, structured finance entities or other variable interest entities. 

TRENDS
AFFECTING OUR BUSINESS 

COVID-19 

The
COVID-19 pandemic continues to adversely affect global economies, financial markets and the overall environment. We have experienced
some level of disruption to each of our current trials. We
completed target enrollment in the PROTECT study in August 2021 and expect to report top-line results in the second half of 2023, subject
to change for any potential interruptions related to COVID-19, regulatory decisions or issues or other interruptions. We initiated the
ordesekimab Phase 2b trial in gluten free diet NRCD in August 2020 and the pandemic has caused difficulties and delays in recruitment. As
a result of these delays, we now expect to report top-line results from the PROACTIVE study by the end of 2023. The ongoing effects of
the COVID-19 pandemic have affected the PREVAIL-2 study enrollment, primarily due to resource constraints at the clinical site level
and subdued patient interest in participating in clinical trials of immune modulatory agents. We now expect top-line results of the PREVAIL-2
study in the second half of 2024. 

Inflation
and Interest Rates 

Inflation
and interest rates have both increased during the periods covered by this report, and these increases are expected to continue to impact
the economy for the near future. Inflation and higher interest rates have had a negative impact on the broader equity markets, leading
to declines in equity valuations, especially in the biopharmaceutical sector, and may continue to result in higher borrowing costs, reduced
liquidity and ability to raise capital, and could potentially increase the interest payments on our variable rate debt. Other factors
that may be impacted by inflation include manufacturing, research and development, selling, general and administrative, and personnel
related expenses. We have not been affected materially by inflation during the periods covered by this report, however, inflationary
increases in the future may adversely impact our business and corresponding financial position. 

CRITICAL
ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 

The
following disclosure supplements the descriptions of our accounting policies contained in Note 3 to our consolidated financial statements
regarding significant areas of judgement. Management made certain estimates and assumptions during the preparation of the consolidated
financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United
States GAAP . These estimates and assumptions affect the reported amount of assets and liabilities and disclosures
of contingent assets and liabilities in the consolidated financial statements. These estimates involve a significant level of estimation
uncertainty and have had a material impact on our results of operations. Actual results could differ from our estimates. 

104 

Management
has discussed the development and selection of these critical accounting policies and estimates with the audit committee of our board
of directors. A discussion of some of our more significant accounting policies and estimates follows. 

Revenue
Recognition 

Product
Revenues, Net 

Product
revenues, net consists of net sales of TZIELD. In accordance with ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers ASC 606 ),
we recognize revenue when a customer obtains control of promised goods or services, in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect
to receive in exchange for the goods or services provided. The only performance obligation in our contracts with customers is to timely
deliver TZIELD to the customer s designated location. We have not incurred or capitalized any incremental costs associated with
obtaining contracts with customers. 

Revenues
from product sales are recorded at the net sales price, or transaction price, which includes estimates of variable consideration that
result from (a) invoice discounts for prompt payment and distribution fees, (b) government rebates, such as Medicaid and Tricare, (c)
estimated chargebacks, including the Public Health Service 340B drug pricing program chargebacks, and (d) costs of co-pay assistance
programs for patients. These reserves are based on the amounts earned or to be claimed on the related
sales. Where appropriate, these estimates take into consideration a range of possible outcomes which are probability-weighted
for relevant factors such as our historical experience, current contractual and statutory requirements, specific known market events
and trends, industry data and forecasted customer buying and payment patterns. Overall, these reserves reflect our best estimates of
the amount of consideration to which we are entitled based on the terms of the applicable contract. The amount of variable consideration
included in the transaction price may be constrained and is included in the net sales price only to the extent that it is probable that
a significant reversal in the amount of the cumulative revenue recognized will not occur in a future period. Actual amounts of consideration
ultimately received may differ from our estimates. If actual results in the future vary from estimates, we adjust these estimates, which
would affect net product revenue and earnings in the period such variances become known. The critical estimates that affect the net sales
price recorded for sales of TZIELD are as follows: 

Rebates :
We contract with government agencies (our Third-party Payers so that TZIELD will be eligible for purchase by, or partial
reimbursement from, such Third-party Payers. We estimate the rebates we will provide to Third-Party Payers and deducts these estimated
amounts from total gross product revenues at the time the revenues are recognized. We estimate the rebates that we will provide to Third-Party
Payers based upon (i) our contracts with these Third-Party Payers, (ii) the government mandated discounts applicable to government-funded
programs, (iii) a range of possible outcomes that are probability-weighted for the estimated payor mix, and (iv) historical experience. 

Collaboration
Revenues 

From
time to time, we enter into licensing agreements that are within the scope of ASC 606 and ASC 808, Collaborative Arrangements ASC 808 ), under which we may license rights to research, develop and commercialize our product candidates to third parties.
The terms of these collaborative research and development agreements typically include non-refundable, upfront license fees; reimbursement
for research and development activities; development, regulatory and commercial milestone payments; and royalties on net sales of commercialized
products. We may also enter into development and manufacturing service agreements with our collaborators. 

Generally,
as part of the accounting for these agreements under ASC 606, we must develop estimates and assumptions that require judgment to determine
the underlying stand-alone selling price for each performance obligation which determines how the transaction price is allocated among
each identified performance obligation within the agreement. If observable standalone selling prices
are not available, we estimate the applicable standalone selling price, which may include the use of forecasted revenues or costs,
development timelines, discount rates and probabilities of technical and regulatory success . 
However, we currently do not have any agreements that contain more than one performance obligation, and as such we allocate the entire
transaction price to the single performance obligation. 

Revenue
is then recognized over time using an appropriate method of measuring progress towards fulfilling our performance obligation for the
respective out-licensing agreement. Determining the measure of progress that consistently depicts our satisfaction of the performance
obligations requires judgement as well as estimates, and the effect of any changes made to an estimated input, therefore impacting revenue
or expenses recognized, would be recorded as a change in estimate. 

105 

For
certain milestone payments included in these agreements, at the inception of each agreement, we evaluate whether the milestones are considered
probable of occurring and estimate the amount to be included in the transaction price using either the expected value or most likely
amount method, depending on the facts and circumstances relative to the agreement. If it is probable that a significant revenue reversal
would not occur, the associated milestone value is included in the transaction price. Milestone payments that are not within our, or
our collaborative partner s control, such as non-operational developmental and regulatory approvals, are generally not considered
probable of being achieved until those approvals are received, and as such are constrained. At the end of each reporting period, we re-evaluate
the probability of achievement of milestones that are within our, or our collaborative partner s control, and if necessary, adjust
our estimate of the overall transaction price. 

There
have been no material changes in estimates used in accounting for any of our collaborative agreements accounted for under ASC 606 and
ASC 808, since the inception of each agreement. 

Accrued
Research and Development Expenses 

As
part of the process of preparing our consolidated financial statements, we are required to estimate our accrued expenses. This process
involves reviewing quotations and contracts, identifying services that have been performed on our behalf and estimating the level of
service performed and the associated cost incurred for the service when we have not yet been invoiced or otherwise notified of the actual
cost. The majority of our service providers invoice us monthly in arrears for services performed or when contractual milestones are met.
We make estimates of our accrued expenses as of each balance sheet date in our consolidated financial statements based on facts and circumstances
known to us at that time. We periodically confirm the accuracy of our estimates with the service providers and make adjustments if necessary.
The significant estimates in our accrued research and development expenses are related to expenses incurred with respect to CROs, CMOs
and other vendors in connection with research and development and manufacturing activities. 

We
base our expenses related to CROs and CMOs on our estimates of the services received and efforts expended pursuant to quotations and
contracts with such vendors that conduct research and development and manufacturing activities on our behalf. The financial terms of
these agreements are subject to negotiation, vary from contract to contract and may result in uneven payment flows. There may be instances
in which payments made to our vendors will exceed the level of services provided and result in a prepayment of the applicable research
and development or manufacturing expense. In accruing service fees, we estimate the time period over which services will be performed
and the level of effort to be expended in each period. If the actual timing of the performance of services or the level of effort varies
from our estimate, we adjust the accrual or prepaid expense accordingly. Although we do not expect our estimates to be materially different
from amounts actually incurred, our understanding of the status and timing of services performed relative to the actual status and timing
of services performed may vary and could result in us reporting amounts that are too high or too low in any particular period. There
have been no material changes in estimates for the periods presented within this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Stock-Based
Compensation 

We
recognize stock-based compensation expense for awards of equity instruments based on the grant-date fair value of those awards. The grant-date
fair value of the award is recognized as compensation expense ratably over the requisite service period, which generally equals the vesting
period of the award. We also grant performance-based stock options. The grant-date fair value of the performance-based stock options
is recognized as compensation expense once it is probable that the performance condition will be achieved. We record actual forfeitures
in the period the forfeiture occurs. 

We
used the Black-Scholes option-pricing model to estimate the fair value of option awards with the following weighted-average assumptions
for the period indicated: 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 
 2021 
 2020 

Exercise price 
 4.83 
 
 7.37 
 12.87 
 
 Expected volatility 
 80 
 
 81 
 74 
 
 Expected dividends 

Expected term (in years) 
 6.1 
 
 6.1 
 6.2 
 
 Risk-free interest rate 
 2.16 
 
 1.13 
 0.59 

The
weighted-average valuation assumptions were determined as follows: 

Risk-free
 interest rate: we base the risk-free interest rate on the interest rate payable on United States Treasury securities in effect at
 the time of grant for a period that is commensurate with the assumed expected option term . 

Expected
 annual dividends: the estimate for annual dividends is 0 , because we have not historically paid, and do not expect for the foreseeable
 future to pay, a dividend . 

Expected
 stock price volatility: the expected volatility
 used is based on historical volatilities of similar entities within our industry which were commensurate with our expected term assumption.
 We also utilize our limited available historical volatility, to a lesser weight, in our expected volatility calculation. 

Expected
 term of options: the expected term of options represents the period of time options are expected to be outstanding. The expected
 term of the options granted to employees is derived from the simplified method as described in Staff Accounting Bulletin
 107 relating to stock-based compensation, whereby the expected term is an average between the vesting period and contractual period
 due to our limited operating history . For non-employee
 stock option grants, we have the option to utilize either the expected term or the contractual term, determined on an award-by-award
 basis. 

Stock-based
compensation expense is included in both research and development expenses and selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated
statements of comprehensive loss. There have been no material changes in estimates, or our estimation methods, for the periods presented
within this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

See
Note 3 - Significant Accounting Policies, in the accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements, which is incorporated herein
by reference. 

ITEM
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

Interest Rate Risk 

We
are exposed to market risk related to changes in interest rates. We had cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities of 165.0 million
as of December 31, 2022, consisting of cash and investments in money market funds, U.S. Treasury securities, U.S. Government agency securities
and certain short-term investment-grade corporate debt securities. Our investments in money market funds and investment-grade corporate
debt securities are not insured by the federal government. Our primary exposure to market risk is interest rate sensitivity, which is
affected by changes in the general level of United States interest rates, particularly because a significant portion of our investments
are in short-term securities. Due to the low risk profile of our investments, an immediate 100 basis point change in interest rates would
not have a material effect on the fair market value of our portfolio. 

In
the normal course of operations, we are exposed to market risks relating to our long-term debt arising from adverse changes in interest
rates. For our variable rate debt, interest rate changes in the underlying index rates will impact future interest expense and cash flows.
Based on the outstanding principal balance of the Hercules LSA term loan as of December 31, 2022, a hypothetical 100 basis point increase
or decrease in interest rates would have affected our future annual interest payments by approximately 0.2 million. 

Foreign
Currency Exchange Rate Risk 

The
majority of our business is conducted in U.S. dollars. However, we do contract with certain CROs to perform clinical trial activities
abroad which are denominated in other currencies, including Euros. Historically, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates have
not materially affected our results of operations. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, our results of operations
were not materially affected by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. As of December 31, 2022, substantially all of our total
liabilities were denominated in the U.S. dollar. 

106 

ITEM
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

The
financial information required by Item 8 is contained in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

ITEM
9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our
management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure
controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. The term disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a company
that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the
Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure
controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed
by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management,
including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
Our management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance
of achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible
controls and procedures. 

Based
on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over
financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act, as a process designed by, or under the supervision
of, our principal executive and principal financial and accounting officers and effected by our board of directors and management to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that (i)
pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of
our assets; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements
in accordance with GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and
directors; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition
of our assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in the original Internal Control Integrated Framework
updated in 2013. Based on that assessment, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective
as of December 31, 2022. 

107 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we implemented processes and internal controls to record product revenues, cost of product revenues,
accounts receivable, definite-lived intangible assets and capitalization of inventory as a result of the FDA approval and the commercial
launch of TZIELD. The implementation of these processes resulted in material changes to our internal controls over financial reporting. 

Other
than the changes in internal control over financial reporting described above, there were no significant changes in our internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the year ended December 31, 2022
that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Attestation
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm on internal control
over financial reporting as we are not subject to section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2022 due to our status as a Smaller
reporting company and Non-accelerated filer. 

ITEM
9B. Other Information 

None. 

ITEM
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

None. 

108 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

Executive
Officers 

The
following table sets forth certain information regarding our executive officers. Ages are presented as of March 1, 2023. 

Name
 of Individual 
 
 Age 
 
 Position
 and Office 
 
 Ashleigh
 Palmer 
 
 60 
 
 Co-Founder,
 President, Chief Executive Officer, Director 
 
 Thierry
 Chauche 
 
 47 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 Francisco
 Leon 
 
 51 
 
 Co-Founder,
 Chief Scientific Officer 
 
 Eleanor
 Ramos 
 
 66 
 
 Chief
 Medical Officer 
 
 Jason
 Hoitt 
 
 45 
 
 Chief
 Commercial Officer 
 
 Heidy
 King-Jones 
 
 40 
 
 Chief
 Legal Officer 
 
 M.
 Christina Yi 
 
 47 
 
 Chief
 Operations Officer 
 
 Benedict
 Osorio 
 
 66 
 
 Chief
 Quality Officer 

Our
executive officers are appointed by, and serve at the discretion of, our Board. The business experience for the past five years, and
in some instances, for prior years, of each of our executive officers is as follows: 

Ashleigh
Palmer 

Mr.
Palmer is a co-founder of Provention and has served as our President and Chief Executive Officer CEO and on our board
of directors since inception in 2016. Mr. Palmer is also President of Creative BioVentures Corp. CBV ), a strategic
advisory firm serving the biopharma industry. Since founding CBV in 2002, Mr. Palmer has advised numerous clients regarding corporate
positioning and strategy, fund raising, merger and acquisition transactions, clinical development and commercialization, and has undertaken
a number of CEO- and board-level transformational leadership and turnaround assignments for both public and private biopharma companies.
Mr. Palmer served as a non-executive director on the board of Third Pole, a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing electric
generated inhaled nitric oxide for certain life-threatening and debilitating critical care and chronic cardiopulmonary conditions, a
role he held from 2014 to 2020. From 2015 through 2017, Mr. Palmer served as Executive Chairman of Celimmune, LLC, a clinical development-stage
immunotherapy company dedicated to developing therapies for celiac disease and refractory celiac disease. Celimmune was acquired by Amgen
Inc. in November 2017. Mr. Palmer served as Chief Executive Officer of Unigene Laboratories, Inc., a biopharmaceutical company, from
2010 to July 2013, in conjunction with a substantial restructuring of Unigene s debt. Following the debtholder s acquisition
of substantially all of Unigene s assets, Unigene filed for bankruptcy in July 2013. Prior to founding Celimmune and CBV, Mr. Palmer
was Vice President, Business Development for British Oxygen s Ohmeda Pharmaceutical Products, Inc., where he was instrumental in
its sale to a consortium led by Baxter International Inc. by spinning out the company s inhaled nitric oxide assets as INO Therapeutics,
Inc. (now Ikaria/Mallinckrodt). Under his leadership, as founding President and CEO, INO Therapeutics developed and commercialized the
world s first selective pulmonary vasodilator, INOmax , establishing a time-based pricing, orphan drug franchise, subsequently
acquired by Mallinckrodt in 2015 for 2.3 billion. Earlier in his career, Mr. Palmer held positions of increasing responsibility in sales
and marketing leadership at Reckitt Benckiser. Mr. Palmer received his MBA from the University of Bradford and his B.Sc. honors in Biochemistry
and Applied Molecular Biology from the University of Manchester. Mr. Palmer s 30-plus years of extensive experience in the areas
of corporate strategy formulation and preclinical and clinical drug evaluation, business and product development and commercialization
make him a valuable member of our board of directors. 

Thierry
Chauche 

Mr.
Chauche joined Provention as Chief Financial Officer CFO in December 2021. Mr. Chauche has over 20 years of financial
and operational leadership experience in finance and healthcare companies. Prior to Provention, Mr. Chauche was most recently the Vice
President and Head of Strategic Financial Planning Analysis at Alexion Pharmaceuticals from 2020 to 2021. Prior to Alexion, Mr.
Chauche served in roles of increasing responsibility at Intercept Pharmaceuticals from 2017 to 2020, Novartis from 2007 to 2017, and
Rothschild Cie from 1999 to 2005. Mr. Chauche holds an M.S. in engineering from Ecole Des Ponts ParisTech and an MBA from the Wharton
School of the University of Pennsylvania. 

109 

Francisco
Leon 

Dr.
Leon, co-founder of Provention and its Chief Scientific Officer CSO ), joined Provention in October 2017. Dr. Leon brings
to the Company a breadth of experience and expertise from his academic and industry careers in the fields of immunology and immune-mediated
disease clinical research. Dr. Leon was most recently the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Medical Officer of Celimmune, LLC, a clinical
development-stage immunotherapy company dedicated to developing transformational therapies for celiac disease and refractory celiac disease
(intestinal lymphoma) from 2015 to 2017. Celimmune was acquired by Amgen Inc. in November 2017. Additionally, Dr. Leon is a co-founder
and shareholder of Glutenostics, Inc. since April 2016. Prior to founding Celimmune in 2015, Dr. Leon served as Vice President and Head
of Translational Medicine at Johnson Johnson s Janssen Pharmaceuticals, where he led early-stage clinical development in
immunology. Before joining Janssen in 2010, Dr. Leon served as Chief Medical Officer at Alba Therapeutics; Director of Clinical Development,
Inflammation Respiratory at Medimmune (AstraZeneca); and Director of Clinical Discovery, Immunology Oncology at Bristol-Myers
Squibb. Prior to joining the biopharma industry, Dr. Leon served as a Postdoctoral Fellow at the National Institutes for Allergy and
Infectious Diseases NIAID of the National Institutes of Health NIH ). In 2011, he became an Adjunct Professor
of Medicine at Jefferson Medical College in Philadelphia. Dr. Leon is a clinical and translational immunologist who received his M.D.
and Ph.D. from Aut noma University in Madrid, Spain. In his 25 years of experience in translational immunology, Dr. Leon has authored
or co-authored more than 100 peer-reviewed articles, book chapters, patents and patent applications. 

Eleanor
Ramos 

Dr.
Ramos joined Provention in July 2017 as its Chief Medical Officer CMO ). Dr. Ramos background includes significant
clinical expertise in autoimmunity, inflammation, organ transplant rejection and the treatment of acute and chronic viral infections.
Prior to joining Provention, Dr. Ramos served as a Chief Medical Officer of Global Blood Therapeutics Inc., a biopharmaceutical company
dedicated to developing novel therapeutics to treat blood-based and hypoxemic pulmonary disorders from 2014 to 2016. Her past experience
includes roles as Chief Medical Officer of Theraclone Sciences, a therapeutic antibody discovery and development company, where she oversaw
the development of clinical programs in viral diseases including severe influenza from 2011 to 2014, and as Chief Medical Officer at
ZymoGenetics, Inc., overseeing its clinical portfolio across infectious diseases/hepatitis C, immunology/lupus nephritis, oncology and
hemostasis from 2009 to 2011. Dr. Ramos is currently a member of the Scientific Advisory Board of EpiVax Oncology, a private biotechnology
company focused on developing personalized cancer vaccines. Her experience also encompasses leading the Clinical Trials Group at the
Immune Tolerance Network, a collaborative network for clinical research funded by the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases.
She holds a medical degree and undergraduate degree from Tufts University, along with advanced training in the subspecialty of nephrology
with a focus on transplantation immunology at Brigham and Women s Hospital, Harvard Medical School. 

Jason
Hoitt 

Mr.
Hoitt joined Provention as its Chief Commercial Officer CCO in January 2020. Prior to joining Provention, Mr. Hoitt served
as Chief Commercial Officer at Dova Pharmaceuticals (acquired by Swedish Orphan Biovitrum AB or Sobi) from December 2018 to November
2019 and led all commercial efforts including the pre-launch and launch strategy and execution for DOPTELET (avatrombopag) targeting
chronic immune thrombocytopenia. Prior to Dova Pharmaceuticals, Mr. Hoitt was a member of the commercial leadership team at Insmed Incorporated
from June 2017 to December 2018, serving as a Vice President and Head of Sales for the launch of Arikayce. Mr. Hoitt was also a member
of the commercial leadership team at Sarepta Therapeutics from October 2013 to May 2017, where he launched Exondys 51. Prior to Sarepta,
he held roles of increasing responsibility at Vertex Pharmaceuticals, where he launched Incivek, and Gilead Sciences, working on Hepsera
and the launch of Viread HBV. Mr. Hoitt holds a B.A. from the College of the Holy Cross. 

110 

Heidy
King-Jones 

Ms.
King-Jones joined Provention as its Chief Legal Officer CLO in August 2020. She brings nearly 15 years of corporate counsel
and law firm experience in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical sectors. As CLO, Ms. King-Jones supports Provention Bio s commitment
to upholding the best practices of compliance, corporate governance, and legal and enterprise risk management. Prior to joining Provention,
Ms. King-Jones served as Senior Vice President and General Counsel of Axcella Health, Inc. where she worked from January 2018 to August
2020. Prior to Axcella, she held legal roles of increasing responsibility at Sarepta Therapeutics from July 2013 to January 2018, including
head of Corporate Law Department and lead attorney for commercialization of Exondys 51. Ms. King-Jones started her career as a part of
Ropes Gray LLP s Securities Public Company Practice Group. She holds a B.A. from Dartmouth College and a J.D. and LL.M.
from Cornell Law School. 

M.
Christina Yi 

Ms.
Yi joined Provention as its Chief Operations Officer COO in December 2021. Ms. Yi has over 25 years of leadership roles
in the production and delivery of transformative medicines. As COO, she oversees the production of the Company s products, including
supply chain, program management and human resources. Prior to joining Provention, Ms. Yi served as Chief Operating Officer at Vaxxinity,
Inc from November 2020 to October 2021. Prior to Vaxxinity, she worked at Dendreon Pharmaceuticals, LLC from July 2009 to November 2021.
At Dendreon, Ms. Yi served in roles of increasing responsibility until she was appointed as the COO in July 2017, with the responsibility
of leading over 400 employees and managing all operational aspects for the production, disposition and delivery of the first FDA-approved
immunotherapy treatment for advanced prostate cancer. Before Dendreon, Ms. Yi worked on commercializing multiple novel therapeutics in
a quality role with Amgen and drug development with Xenogen Corporation and Targeted Genetics Corporation. Ms. Yi holds a B.S. in Cell
and Molecular Biology from the University of Washington. 

Benedict
Osorio 

Mr.
Osorio joined Provention in August 2020 as its Senior Vice President, Quality and was appointed as Chief Quality Officer in December
2021. He brings over 40 years of experience in pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical quality systems, operations and oversight. Prior
to joining Provention, Mr. Osorio served as COO from 2019 to 2020, Senior Vice President, Quality from February 2018 to July 2019 and
Vice President/ Senior Vice President from June 2005 to October 2012 at Progenics Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Additionally, Mr. Osorio previously
served as Vice President, Quality Assurance at Acorda Therapeutics, Inc. from June 2016 to February 2018, Vice President, Compliance
and Quality Assurance at Achillion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. from May 2014 to June 2016, Vice President and Head of Quality Operations, North
America at Valeant Pharmaceuticals from May 2013 to October 2013, Global Head QA/QC at Braeburn Pharmaceuticals, Inc. from January 2013
to April 2013, Senior Director, Compliance Assessment at Forest Laboratories, Inc. from June 2001 to June 2005, roles of increasing responsibility
including Executive Director, Quality Assurance at Purdue Pharma L.P. from September 1984 to June 2001 and Senior Analytical Chemist
at Berlex Laboratories, Inc. from September 1979 to September 1984. He holds a B.S.in Forensic Science from John Jay College of Criminal
Justice and an M.S. in Chemistry and MBA from Seton Hall University, and he is a Senior Member of the American Society for Quality. 

There
are no family relationships among any of our directors and executive officers. 

Directors 

The
following table sets forth the name, age as of March 1, 2023, and position of each of our non-employee directors. 

Directors 
 
 Age 
 
 Year
 First Became Director 
 
 Avery Catlin 
 
 74 
 
 2018 
 
 Rita Jain 
 
 60 
 
 2023 
 
 John Jenkins 
 
 65 
 
 2020 
 
 Wayne Pisano (Chairman) 
 
 68 
 
 2018 
 
 Nancy Wysenski 
 
 65 
 
 2020 

111 

Avery
Catlin Director 

Mr.
Catlin joined our board of directors in September 2018. He currently serves on the board of Corbus Pharmaceuticals Holdings, Inc., a
role he has held since September 2014. Mr. Catlin previously served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Celldex Therapeutics,
Inc. from 2000 to 2017, where he raised more than 500 million from equity, convertible debt and private placement transactions, as well
as devised and led financial strategies to successfully complete several asset acquisitions. Prior to Celldex, Mr. Catlin held senior
financial and operational positions with public biopharma companies Endogen, Inc. and Repligen Corporation. Mr. Catlin earned a B.A.
in Psychology from the University of Virginia and an MBA from Babson College. He is also a certified public accountant. Mr. Catlin s
more than 22 years of experience as a senior financial officer of public biopharmaceutical companies make him a valuable member of our
board of directors. 

Rita
Jain Director 

Dr.
Jain joined our board of directors in January 2023. She has served as a member of the Board of Directors of Celldex Therapeutics since
February 2023, the Supervisory Board of AM-Pharma B.V. since July 2020 and on the Board of Directors of ChemoCentryx, Inc. from March
2019 until its acquisition by Amgen in October 2022. Additionally, from October 2021 to October 2022, Dr. Jain served as Executive Vice
President, Chief Medical Officer of ChemoCentryx, Inc. and in 2021 served as Chief Medical Officer of Immunovant, Inc. From March 2019
until October 2021, Dr. Jain served on the audit committee of ChemoCentryx Inc. From May 2017 to May 2019, Dr. Jain was Senior Vice President
and Chief Medical Officer at Akebia Therapeutics, Inc. From 2013 to 2016, Dr. Jain was Vice President in Clinical Development at AbbVie,
including Vice President of Men s and Women s Health and Metabolic Development. Dr. Jain also held various leadership roles
at Abbott Laboratories from 2003 through 2012, including as Divisional Vice President of Pain, Respiratory and Metabolic Disease Development.
Dr. Jain received her B.S. degree in biology from the Long Island University, and her M.D. from the State University of New York at Stony
Brook School of Medicine. Dr. Jain s significant experience in pharmaceutical development makes her a valuable member of our board
of directors. 

John
Jenkins Director 

Dr.
Jenkins joined our board of directors in August 2020. Dr. Jenkins served as the Director of the Office of New Drugs OND at the United States Food and Drug Administration s FDA Center for Drug Evaluation and Research CDER from 2002 to 2017, where he was responsible for more than 1,000 agency employees and 19 product-review divisions. During that time, he
oversaw the review of thousands of new drug applications and biological licensing applications, as well as the approval of more than
400 new molecular entities. Dr. Jenkins served as a member of the CDER Senior Leadership Team and was involved in broad policy initiatives,
including negotiation and implementation of the Prescription Drug User Fee and biosimilar programs. Dr. Jenkins began his FDA career
in 1992 as a medical officer in the Division of Oncology and Pulmonary Drug Products. He subsequently served as Pulmonary Medical Group
Leader and Acting Division Director before being appointed as Director of the Division of Pulmonary Drug Products in 1995. He then became
the Director of the Office of Drug Evaluation II in 1999 and remained in that position until he was appointed Director of OND in 2002.
Following his retirement from the FDA after over 25 years of federal service in January 2017, Dr. Jenkins joined Greenleaf Health, an
FDA-focused, strategic consulting firm where he served as Principal, Drug and Biological Products. Dr. Jenkins is also a member of the
board of Corbus Pharmaceuticals Holdings, Inc. where he has served since June 2018. Dr. Jenkins is board certified in internal medicine
and pulmonary diseases by the American Board of Internal Medicine. He received his medical degree from the University of Tennessee, Memphis
and completed his postgraduate medical training in internal medicine, pulmonary diseases, and critical care medicine at VA Commonwealth
University/Medical College of VA. Prior to joining the FDA, Dr. Jenkins served as Assistant Professor of Pulmonary and Critical Care
Medicine at VCU/MCV and as a Staff Physician at the Hunter Holmes McGuire VA Medical Center in Richmond, VA. Dr. Jenkins s significant
expertise in the FDA review process and product candidate development make him a valuable member of our board of directors. 

112 

Wayne
Pisano Director 

Mr.
Pisano joined our board of directors in April 2018. He also serves on the board of biotechnology companies Oncolytics Biotech and Altimmune
Inc., where he has been a director since May 2013 and September 2018, respectively. In addition, Mr. Pisano served on the board of directors
of IMV Inc., a biopharmaceutical company, from October 2011 to March 2021. Mr. Pisano served as President and CEO of VaxInnate, a biotechnology
company, from January 2012 until November 2016. Prior to VaxInnate, Mr. Pisano was at Sanofi Pasteur from 1997 to 2011 and was President
and CEO there from 2007 until his retirement in 2011. He has a bachelor s degree in biology from St. John Fisher College, New York
and an MBA from the University of Dayton, Ohio. Mr. Pisano s depth of experience across the spectrum of commercial operations,
public immunization policies and pipeline development make him a valuable member of our board of directors. 

Nancy
Wysenski Director 

Ms.
Wysenski joined our board of directors in May 2020. She served as the Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer of Vertex
Pharmaceuticals from December 2009 through her retirement in June 2012. During her tenure at Vertex, Ms. Wysenski was responsible for
the launches of Incivek and Kalydeco. Prior to joining Vertex, Ms. Wysenski held the position of Chief Operating Officer of Endo Pharmaceuticals,
a specialty pharmaceutical company, where she led sales, marketing, commercial operations, supply chain management, human resources and
various business development initiatives. Prior to her role at Endo, Ms. Wysenski participated in the establishment of EMD Pharmaceuticals,
Inc., where she held various leadership positions, including the role of President and Chief Executive Officer from 2001 to 2006 and
Vice President of Commercial from 1999 to 2001. From 1984 to 1998, Ms. Wysenski held several sales-focused roles at major pharmaceutical
companies, including Vice President of Field Sales for Astra Merck, Inc. Ms. Wysenski has served as a member of the board of directors
of Alkermes plc and Cytokinetics Inc. since 2013 and 2020, respectively. Ms. Wysenski formerly served as a director on the board of Tetraphase
Pharmaceuticals Inc. from 2014 to 2020, Dova Pharmaceuticals Inc. from 2018 to 2019, and Inovio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. from 2015 to 2017.
She is a founder of the Research Triangle Park chapter of the Healthcare Businesswomen s Association and served on the Nominating
Committee and National Advisory Board of the Healthcare Businesswomen s Association. Ms. Wysenski s expertise in the commercial
launch of multiple products and her previous commercial leadership experience make her a valuable member of our board of directors. 

Code
of Business Conduct and Ethics 

We
have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to our directors, officers and employees. The purpose of the Code of
Business Conduct and Ethics is to deter wrongdoing and to provide guidance to directors, officers and employees to help them recognize
and deal with ethical issues, to provide mechanisms to report unethical or illegal conduct and to contribute positively to our culture
of accurate disclosure, ethical performance and accountability. We have established a means for individuals to report a violation or
suspected violation of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics anonymously, including those violations relating to accounting, internal
controls or auditing matters, and federal securities laws. Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is publicly available on our website
at www.proventionbio.com . If we make any substantive amendments to the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics or grant any waiver,
including any implicit waiver from a provision of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics to our directors or executive officers, we
will disclose the nature of such amendments or waiver on our website or in a current report on Form 8-K. 

Audit
Committee 

The
Board has established an Audit Committee currently consisting of Mr. Catlin (Chair), Mr. Pisano and Dr. Jain. The Audit Committee s
primary functions are to oversee and review the integrity of the Company s financial statements and other financial information
furnished by us, our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, our systems of internal accounting and financial controls, our
independent auditor s engagement, qualifications, performance, compensation and independence, related party transactions, compliance
with our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and information security, data privacy and cyber security. 

113 

The
Audit Committee also appoints (and recommends that the Board submit for stockholder ratification), compensates, retains and oversees
the independent auditor retained for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or other related service. The Audit Committee
pre-approves audit, review and non-audit services provided by our independent auditor pursuant to the pre-approval policy described in
additional detail herein. In addition, the Audit Committee discusses guidelines and policies related to risk assessment and risk management
with us, prepares an Audit Committee report in accordance with SEC regulations, sets policies regarding the hiring of employees or former
employees of our independent auditor, reviews and investigates any matters pertaining to integrity of management, including conflicts
of interest, reviews related party transactions, reviews financial reporting and accounting standards, meets with officers as necessary,
reviews the independence of the independent public accountants and reviews the adequacy of our internal accounting controls. 

In
addition, our Audit Committee discusses guidelines and policies developed by our management and the Board with respect to risk assessment
and risk management and the steps that our management has taken to monitor and control financial risk exposure, including anti-fraud
programs and controls, and has established procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints regarding various matters,
including the confidential submission by employees of concerns relating to questionable accounting or auditing matters or violations
of our Code of Business Conducts and Ethics. 

Each
member of the Audit Committee is independent as that term is defined under the applicable rules of the SEC and the Nasdaq
Stock Market Nasdaq ). The Board has determined that each Audit Committee member has sufficient knowledge in financial
and auditing matters to serve on the Committee. The Board determined that Mr. Catlin is an audit committee financial expert, 
as defined under the applicable rules of the SEC. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation. 

Compensation
Summary 

This
Compensation Summary provides an overview of our executive compensation philosophy, the objectives of our executive compensation program
and each compensation component that we provide. In addition, we explain how and why the Compensation Committee arrived at specific compensation
policies and decisions involving our named executive officers for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. This Compensation Summary
is intended to be read in conjunction with the tables which immediately follow, which include historical context of pay. 

The
following executive officers constituted our named executive officers NEOs for the 2022 fiscal year: 

Ashleigh
 Palmer 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 

Francisco
 Leon 
 
 Chief
 Scientific Officer 

Eleanor
 Ramos 
 
 Chief
 Medical Officer 

Executive
Summary 

The
Company s accomplishments in 2022 are directly tied to the performance of the Company s NEOs, and thus were an important
factor in determining NEO compensation in 2022. The Company s 2022 accomplishments, including advancing its pipeline of product
candidates aimed at intercepting and preventing autoimmune disease are included below: 

TZIELD
 Franchise Build: After the company successfully resubmitted its biologics license application for TZIELD in the first quarter
 of 2022, on November 17, 2022, the FDA approved TZIELD (teplizumab-mzwv) to delay the onset of Stage 3 Type 1 Diabetes T1D in adult and pediatric patients aged eight years and older with Stage 2 T1D. In December 2022 we began shipping TZIELD to our distributors
 in the United States, which include a specialty distributor and two specialty pharmacies. After successfully completing hiring, onboarding
 and training of commercial employees, the full commercial launch of TZIELD began in mid-January 2023. The Company also completed
 its label expansion plans, which are subject to FDA approval and obtained advice from MHRA in the United Kingdom and national rapporteurs in
 the European Union to continue developing a path towards approval in the United Kingdom and European Union. 

114 

Corporate
 Strategic Plan: The Company updated its corporate positioning, value proposition, strategic intent and business plans to support
 and optimize value creation and these were reflected in the Company s 2022 corporate communications. Additionally, in October
 2022, the Company entered into a strategic partnership with Sanofi in the form of a Security Purchase Agreement and Co-Promotion
 Agreement which included (i) Sanofi s exclusive, one-time right of first negotiation to obtain exclusive rights to research,
 develop and commercialize TZIELD with respect to the treatment or delay of T1D, or any of its root causes throughout the world, and
 to manufacture TZIELD in support of such research, development and commercialization in exchange for a one-time, upfront, non-refundable
 payment of 20.0 million, and subject to certain retained rights by us to engage in discussions with third parties with respect to
 certain transactions and (ii) Sanofi s agreement to purchase 35.0 million of our common stock at a purchase price per share
 equal 140 of the daily volume-weighted average per share price of the Company s common stock for the five consecutive trading
 days prior to the closing date. 

Pipeline:
 On January 20, 2022, we announced the initiation of the Phase 2a PREVAIL-2 study (PRV-3279 EVAluation In Lupus - Phase 2) for
 which the Company expects top-line results in the second half of 2024. We also continued to advance our ongoing clinical studies,
 despite impacts of COVID-19 on recruiting, including (i) the PROTECT study (PROvention T1D trial Evaluating C-peptide with Teplizumab)
 which is fully enrolled and for which we expect to report top-line date in the second half of 2023 and (ii) the ordesekimab, PROACTIVE
 study (PROvention Amgen Celiac ProtecTIVE Study) for which we expect to report topline results by the end of 2023. Additionally,
 the Company announced in March 2022 positive results from the final analysis of its first-in-human PROVENT study of PRV-101, a polyvalent
 inactivated coxsackievirus B (CVB) vaccine candidate targeting all key CVB strains associated with T1D autoimmunity, which the Company
 is developing for the prevention of acute CVB infection and its complications, as well as for the potential delay or prevention of
 associated autoimmune disorders T1D and celiac disease. 

Financing :
 The company secured capital to support its strategic business plans and operations in 2022 by (i) closing a 60.0 million private
 placement announced in July 2022, (ii) closing a 125.0 million term loan facility with Hercules Capital, Inc., which was announced
 in August 2022 and (iii) raising 47.4 million in net proceeds from the sale of shares of common stock under our 2021 at-the-market
 ATM stock sale program. 

Organizational
 Development and Infrastructure : The Company successfully scaled up from an organization of 81 employees in January 2022 to 166
 employees by December 2022 and developed additional capacity and expertise to support its business plans, including the commercialization
 of TZIELD. 

The
Company s executive compensation program is designed to closely tie pay to performance, rewarding executives for the achievement
of corporate short-term and longer-term strategic goals that create stockholder value. We believe that the efforts of our NEOs were critical
to our operational successes in 2022, including the 2022 achievements of the Company described above, including securing approval for
and commercializing TZIELD, successfully scaling up human resources to support the Company s commercial activities, successfully
developing and executing against its strategic plans and securing financing to support the Company s business plans and operations,
all which we believe will support increased value to shareholders. 

We
strongly believe that a well-structured executive compensation program should be heavily reliant on variable, at-risk pay,
and our compensation program reflects this philosophy. The following three examples demonstrate our approach to compensation: 

1. 
 Stock
 options - In 2022, 100 of our annual equity grant to executives was comprised of time-based stock options. Delivering annual equity
 grants in the form of stock options ensures that executives will participate in the value of the grant only when our stock price
 increases. The Compensation Committee determined to grant only time-based equity awards in 2022 after considering advice from Aon s
 Human Capital Solutions practice, part of Aon plc Aon ), a compensation consulting firm, and the following factors:
 (i) at the time 2022 annual equity grants were approved, it was uncertain whether the biologics license application for TZIELD (teplizumab-mzwv)
 would be successfully resubmitted to and approved by FDA, which could result in the Company becoming a commercial-stage company, or whether
 the Company would continue as a clinical-stage company, which made establishing performance triggers challenging and potentially
 not relevant, depending on the path of the Company, and (ii) the existing performance vesting triggers of outstanding grants for
 our executives already reflected the Company s then-current pipeline. 

115 

2. 
 Teamwork
 - Under our 2022 annual incentive plan structure, all executives had the same corporate performance goals. The Compensation Committee
 believes this approach supported integrated teamwork, leadership and performance in 2022 and achievement of key milestones that drive
 value for the Company and its shareholders. 

3. 
 Equal
 annual equity grants - The Compensation Committee, in consultation with our CEO, determined that in 2022, as in 2021 and 2020, all
 executives, other than new hires, recent promotions, and the CEO, received the same annual equity awards in order to support and
 incentivize teamwork culture. Our CEO received a larger annual equity grant, as further described below. To reward and incentivize
 long-term performance and retention, the time-based stock options granted in 2022 vest over a four-year period. 

Overview
of Our Pay Program 

We
believe that the design and structure of our pay program supports our business strategy and organizational objectives while successfully
aligning executive and stockholder interests. Our compensation framework has been tailored to reward and incentivize executives for focusing
on and achieving specific financial and strategic objectives, both quantitative and qualitative, that our Board believes are central
to delivering long-term stockholder value. 

We
conducted an advisory vote on executive compensation at our 2022 annual meeting of stockholders. Our Board and the Compensation Committee
value the opinions of our stockholders. Approximately 95.9 of the votes cast on the advisory vote on executive compensation were in
favor of our 2021 NEO compensation as disclosed in our 2022 proxy statement. 

The
primary elements of our executive compensation program in 2022 were base salary, short-term cash incentives, and long-term equity incentives.
The elements of our executive compensation program take into consideration market data, described below, and each executive s individual
experience, skills and performance. 

Base
 Salary 
 
 Base
 salaries provide annual fixed pay and are intended to be competitive within our industry and are important in attracting and retaining
 talented executives. 

Annual
 Cash Incentives 
 
 Our
 annual cash incentives are intended to motivate and reward our executives for the achievement of short-term strategic goals of the
 Company. In 2022, our annual incentives were based on key corporate milestones, focusing on clinical trials, manufacturing, and regulatory
 goals, as well as goals related to a potential commercialization and raising funds to support the Company s execution of its
 business plans. 

Long-Term
 Equity Incentives 
 
 Long-term
 equity awards incentivize executives to deliver long-term stockholder value by offering the opportunity to benefit from appreciation
 in our stock price, while also providing a retention vehicle for our top employee talent. 
 
 In
 2022, each executive received an annual grant of an option to purchase shares of our common stock. The shares underlying each grant
 vest over a four-year period based on continued employment with us. 

116 

Target
Pay Mix 

The
Compensation Committee utilizes the above-mentioned elements to align our executive pay opportunities with our short- and long-term performance.
To do so, and to align management interests most closely with the interests of our stockholders, the majority of the compensation we
pay to our NEOs is provided in the form of at-risk, variable incentives, as shown in the graphics below. The Compensation Committee does
not have any formal policies for allocating total compensation among the various components. Instead, the Compensation Committee relies
on its judgment as well as the advice from its independent compensation consultant. The pay mix for our executive officers reflected
in the charts below was based on our compensation philosophy and practices described above, which is designed to be aligned with market
competitive practices. 

Notes:
Target pay mix includes annual base salary, target annual cash incentives, and the grant date fair value of annual equity awards granted
on January 18, 2022 (or, for Mr. Palmer, January 19, 2022). 

Compensation
Governance Practices 

To
complement our pay structure, we adhere to several best practices to encourage actions that are in the long-term interests of our stockholders
and the Company alike. These include: 

What
 We Do 

Align
 pay with performance 

Provide
 an appropriate mix of short and long-term incentives to our executives 

Responsible
 use of shares under our long-term incentive program 

Engage
 an independent compensation consultant 

Identify
 and use a comparator peer group based on market data and industry profile 

Maintain
 a robust insider trading policy 

What
 We Don t Do 

No
 excessive perquisites 

No
 repricing of stock option awards without stockholder approval 

No
 hedging or pledging of company stock 

COMPENSATION
PHILOSOPHY 

The
Compensation Committee, currently consisting of Ms. Wysenski (Chair), Mr. Catlin and Dr. Jenkins, annually reviews
and either recommends to our Board (for our CEO) or approves (for our other executives) each executive s compensation and is responsible
for ensuring that compensation for the executive officers is consistent with the objectives of attracting and retaining highly qualified
executives, tying pay to performance and Company strategy, aligning executives incentives with long-term stockholder interests,
and encouraging internal pay equity. 

117 

The
Compensation Committee determines the appropriate level for each compensation component based on these overall compensation objectives.
The Compensation Committee s philosophy is to strive to provide market competitive compensation and emphasize at-risk cash bonus
opportunities and equity compensation that reflect the Company s performance goals and are commensurate with each executive s
scope of responsibility within the organization. 

COMPENSATION
DETERMINATION PROCESS 

Role
of Compensation Committee 

The
Compensation Committee oversees all compensation-based plans, policies, and benefits programs, and is responsible for making recommendations
to our Board regarding the compensation of our CEO and for approving the compensation of our other executive officers. The Compensation
Committee is also responsible for establishing corporate performance goals for the Company s annual and long-term incentives and
evaluating at least annually corporate performance as compared to these goals. The Compensation Committee administers our equity-based
compensation program, including an evaluation of the guidelines and size of awards. The Compensation Committee conducts an annual review
of all components of executive compensation. In addition, the Compensation Committee reviews and makes recommendations to our Board regarding
the compensation of our non-employee directors. 

Role
of Management 

The
Company s CEO, CFO and CLO are involved in the design and implementation of our executive compensation and are typically present
at Compensation Committee meetings, except that the CEO and other executive officers are not present when the Compensation Committee
chooses to vote or deliberate on executive salary and equity compensation during closed executive sessions. In 2022, the CEO, CFO and
CLO reviewed the analysis of Aon, our independent compensation consultant, with the Compensation Committee and made recommendations regarding
proposed salary, annual incentives and long-term equity awards for our executive officers (other than themselves) for the Compensation
Committee s consideration. Management also participates in conducting annual risk assessments and ensuring that any risks involving
compensation are properly mitigated. The Compensation Committee exercises its discretion in accepting, rejecting and/or modifying any
such executive compensation recommendations and approves all compensation and equity awards for NEOs, other than the CEO, for whom it
makes recommendations to our Board for approval. 

Role
of Independent Compensation Consultant 

The
Compensation Committee has retained Aon to conduct a comprehensive review of our compensation program, as well as make recommendations
for our executive compensation design and advise on market practices. 

In
2022, Aon assisted the Compensation Committee with, among other things: 

Reviewing
 and modifying the compensation peer group for 2023 compensation decisions; 

Executive
 and director market pay analysis; 

Development
 of executive and director pay programs; 

Analysis
 of equity pay market data and trends; 

New
 hire compensation guidelines; 

Change
 in control and severance arrangement recommendations; and 

Assisting
 with certain proxy and annual report disclosures, including this compensation disclosure. 

118 

Fees
paid to Aon during 2022 for services not related to Aon s work with the Compensation Committee, including the provision of commercial
insurance and employee compensation survey data, were approximately 219,825. Fees paid to Aon during 2022 for services to the Compensation
Committee related to executive and director compensation were approximately 152,161. 

The
Compensation Committee has the sole authority to select, retain, terminate and approve the fees and other retention terms of consultants
as it deems appropriate to perform its duties. 

The
Compensation Committee annually evaluates the independent compensation consultant s independence and performance under the applicable
SEC and Nasdaq listing standards. The Compensation Committee conducted a specific review of its relationship with Aon in 2022 and determined
that Aon s work for the Compensation Committee did not raise any conflicts of interest and that Aon is independent. 

2022
and 2023 Peer Groups 

The
Compensation Committee approved our 2022 peer group in August 2021, based on sector, development stage, market capitalization, and size
and used this comparator group when making executive and Board compensation-related decisions in January 2022. The Compensation Committee
also considered criteria from outside investors and the talent market when selecting the final criteria and list of companies. The following
criteria was applied in developing the peer group used for 2022: 

Sector
 - Biotechnology/Pharmaceuticals, with a therapeutic focus on immunotherapy, immune-oncology, and rare and orphan diseases 

Development
 Stage - Products in phase 3 of development or commercial 

Market
 Capitalization - 0.5x to 3x our market capitalization 

Size
 - Generally, fewer than 200 employees 

For
our 2022 peer group, Aon assisted the Compensation Committee in assessing the continued appropriateness of the peer group. The core criteria
used to evaluate and develop the 2022 peer group were the same as the ones used to determine the 2021 peer group, except that the size
of the companies used for the 2022 peer group was fewer than 200 employees to better reflect the then-current composition of the Company. 

Using
these criteria, in August 2021 the Compensation Committee approved the following 20 companies to comprise the Company s 2022 peer
group: 

Atara
 Biotherapeutics, Inc. 
 Athersys,
 Inc. 
 BeyondSpring
 Inc. 
 
 BioXcel
 Therapeutics, Inc. 
 Chimerix
 Inc. 
 CymaBay
 Therapeutics, Inc. 
 
 CytoDyn
 Inc. 
 Foamix
 Pharmaceuticals Ltd. 
 Geron
 Corporation 
 
 Kiniksa
 Pharmaceuticals, Ltd. 
 Puma
 Biotechnology, Inc. 
 Rhythm
 Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 
 Rigel
 Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 Selecta
 Biosciences Inc. 
 Spectrum
 Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 
 Syndax
 Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 Tricida,
 Inc. 
 VBI
 Vaccines Inc. 
 
 XOMA
 Corporation 
 Zogenix,
 Inc. 

For
our 2023 peer group, Aon assisted the Compensation Committee in assessing the continued appropriateness of the 2022 peer group. The core
criteria used to evaluate and develop the 2023 peer group were the same as the factors used to determine the 2022 peer group, except
that the development stage of the companies used for the 2023 peer group was commercial companies with a preference towards newly marketed
companies to reflect the Company s then-current stage of development as a commercial organization, market capitalization range
increased to 500.0 million to 3.0 billion to reflect Provention s then-current market capitalization size, and the size of the
companies used for the 2023 peer group was generally fewer than 600 employees to better reflect the then-current composition of the Company. 

119 

Using
these criteria, in November 2022, given the Company s transition from a clinical-stage to commercial-stage company and employee
scale up in connection with preparing for commercialization, the Compensation Committee approved the following 18 companies to comprise
the Company s 2023 peer group: 

ADMA
 Biologics Inc. 
 Agenus
 Inc. 
 Amicus
 Therapeutics Inc. 
 
 Atara
 Biotherapeutics Inc. 
 AVEO
 Pharmaceuticals Inc. 
 Axsome
 Therapeutics Inc. 
 
 BioCryst
 Pharmaceuticals Inc. 
 Blueprint
 Medicines Corp 
 BridgeBio
 Pharma Inc. 
 
 Deciphera
 Pharmaceuticals Inc. 
 G1
 Therapeutics Inc. 
 Geron
 Corporation 
 
 Insmed
 Inc. 
 Kiniksa
 Pharmaceuticals Ltd 
 Rhythm
 Pharmaceuticals Inc. 
 
 Theravance
 Biopharma Inc. 
 Travere
 Therapeutics Inc. 
 Y-mAbs
 Therapeutics Inc. 

For
2023, Athersys, Inc., BeyondSpring Inc., BioXcel Therapeutics, Inc., Chimerix Inc., CymaBay Therapeutics, Inc., CytoDyn Inc., Foamix
Pharmaceuticals Ltd., Puma Biotechnology, Inc., Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Selecta Biosciences Inc., Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc.,
Syndax Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Tricida, Inc., VBI Vaccines Inc., XOMA Corporation, and Zogenix, Inc. were removed from the peer group
because they were outside of our peer group parameters. Fourteen companies were added to the 2023 peer group: ADMA Biologics Inc., Agenus
Inc., Amicus Therapeutics Inc., AVEO Pharmaceuticals Inc., Axsome Therapeutics Inc., BioCryst Pharmaceuticals Inc., Blueprint Medicines
Corp, BridgeBio Pharma Inc., Deciphera Pharmaceuticals Inc., G1 Therapeutics Inc., Insmed Inc., Theravance Biopharma Inc., Travere Therapeutics
Inc., and Y-mAbs Therapeutics Inc. 

Compensation
Risk Assessment 

The
Compensation Committee has responsibility for establishing our compensation philosophy and objectives, determining the structure, components
and other elements of our programs, and reviewing and approving the compensation of our executive officers, or in the case of our CEO,
for recommending compensation to our Board for approval. We do not believe that our executive compensation program creates risks that
are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company. 

ELEMENTS
OF OUR EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION PROGRAM 

The
Company s executive compensation program generally consists of three primary elements: base salaries, annual performance-based
cash incentives, and long-term equity awards. 

Our
NEOs are also eligible to participate in the employee benefit programs that we make available to all full-time employees, including medical
and dental coverage, life and disability insurance and flexible spending accounts. In addition, we maintain a 401(k) retirement plan
for our employees, under which we make an employer matching contribution equal to 100 of up to the first 4 of a participant s
eligible compensation (up to the IRS maximum). Other than the 401(k) plan, we do not sponsor or maintain any qualified or non-qualified
retirement or deferred compensation plans for our employees, including our NEOs. The NEOs participation in our employee benefit
plans and programs is on the same terms and conditions as those offered to our other full-time employees. 

Base
Salaries 

We
offer base salaries that are intended to provide a fixed component of compensation for our NEOs to reward the individual value that each
executive officer brings to us through experience and past and expected future contributions to our success. The base salary for our
CEO is reviewed by the Compensation Committee on an annual basis, and adjustments are recommended to our Board for approval as appropriate,
based on numerous factors, including those described below. Base salaries for our executive officers other than our CEO are approved
by the Compensation Committee upon their joining the company, and then reviewed and adjusted, as appropriate, by the Compensation Committee
on an annual basis, in consultation with Aon and based on the consideration of numerous factors, including: 

The
 individual s role and responsibilities; 

Individual
 contribution and performance over the past year; 

120 

Overall
 experience and expertise; 

Current
 base salary; 

Corporate
 performance; and 

Salaries
 for similar positions within our compensation peer group. 

In
January 2022, the Compensation Committee approved the following base salaries for our NEOs: 

Executive 
 2022 Base Salary 
 2021 Base Salary 
 Change 
 
 Ashleigh Palmer 
 675,000 
 612,900 
 10.1 
 
 Francisco Leon 
 475,000 
 450,000 
 5.6 
 
 Eleanor Ramos 
 475,000 
 450,000 
 5.6 

After
reviewing each executive s value, expertise, and contributions to the strategy and business plans of the Company, as well as competitive
market data for their respective positions provided by Aon based on the Company s 2022 peer group, the Compensation Committee approved,
consistent with recommendations from Aon, merit increases to the base salaries for each of our NEOs. 

Annual
Cash Incentives 

We
provide our executive officers, including our NEOs, with the opportunity to annually earn cash incentives to encourage the achievement
of corporate objectives (weighted as approved by the Compensation Committee and the Board), contributions and oversight in his or her
area of focus. We established our annual incentive compensation program to motivate our executives to achieve short-term financial and
business objectives, reflecting our pay for performance culture, resulting in a significant portion of NEO compensation
tying directly to Company achievements. 

For
each NEO, the target bonus opportunity is determined as a percentage of his or her base salary (as indicated in the table below), which
was established for 2022 by the Compensation Committee in consultation with Aon, based on market data, historical performance and internal
equity considerations. 

For
2022, our NEOs had the following annual cash incentive target opportunities: 

Executive 
 Target Annual Incentive (as a 
 of base salary) 
 
 Ashleigh Palmer 
 60 
 
 Francisco Leon 
 40 
 
 Eleanor Ramos 
 40 

121 

2022
Milestones and Corporate Goals 

Consistent
with our typical practice, the Compensation Committee, along with the independent members of our Board, approved the milestones and corporate
goals applicable to 2022 annual cash incentives for our executives in February 2022 2022 Corporate Goals ). The 2022 Corporate
Goals are intended to measure our performance in the following categories: clinical objectives, business development, and corporate finance.
The level of attainment of the 2022 Corporate Goals, as determined by the Compensation Committee, determines our NEOs earned annual
incentives. In February 2022, the Compensation Committee approved the following 2022 Corporate Goals applicable to 2022 annual cash incentives
for our executives: 

2022 Corporate Goals 
 
 Description 

Weighting (at 100 achievement) 

Achievement Opportunities 

1. 
 Corporate
 Strategic Plan 
 
 Consistent
 with deadlines approved by the Compensation Committee: 
 
 a.
 Timely relaunch of corporate positioning, value proposition, and strategic intent to core stakeholders; 
 
 b.
 Further definition, evaluation, and prioritization of mid-term optionality, providing greater granularity and quantification to priority
 options; provision of a three to five year long-range plan; and 
 
 c.
 Reactivation of co-founder led, transformational corporate/business development to identify and potentially begin creating mid-term
 and beyond partnering and in-licensing opportunities; definition of selection criteria, priority targets and/or illustrative opportunities
 creating mid/longer-term shareholder value. 
 
 15 
 
 100 
 for achievement of a., b., and c. up to 125 

2. 
 TZIELD
 Franchise Build 
 
 Consistent
 with deadlines approved by the Compensation Committee: 
 
 a.
 Resubmit and defend at-risk BLA in United States to receive approval; 
 
 b.
 Begin monetizing (via direct sales and/or partnering revenues) the at-risk indication in the United States if the BLA is approved; 
 
 c.
 Prioritize, plan, and prepare for post-BLA approval label expansion to grow TZIELD franchise in the United States over the mid-term; 
 
 d.
 Continue PROTECT study 18-month follow-up in anticipation of 2023 top-line results; 
 
 e.
 Prioritize, plan and prepare for ex-United States TZIELD market access with near-term focus on United Kingdom and European Union regulatory pathways and
 identify potential regional/RoW licensing or distribution partners in anticipation of 2023 and beyond approvals; and 
 
 f.
 Generate and evaluate options and, as appropriate, begin implementing TZIELD drug substance supply continuity/contingency strategy. 
 
 25 
 
 100 
 for achievement of a., b., c., d., e., and f. up to 125 

122 

3. 
 Pipeline 
 
 Consistent
 with deadlines approved by the Compensation Committee: 
 
 a.
 TZIELD: (i) evaluate, prioritize, plan and prepare for TZIELD monotherapy proof-of-concept studies, commencing in 2023 or beyond,
 in non-T1D indications via existing IV formulation (if viable) or SQ product (if necessary) non-T1D indication for IV formulation
 identified with protocol and project plan, and (ii) evaluate and engage potential partnering relationships that could generate value
 from TZIELD coadministration or adjunctive therapy; 
 
 b.
 PRV-3279: (i) advance enrollment of Phase 2a PREVAIL-2 SLE POC study, (ii) advance CMC process development
 enhancements and ongoing clinical trial supply optionality, and (iii) advance gene therapy human POC to engage relevant
 out-licensing and co-development partners; 
 
 c.
 Ordesekimab: complete enrollment of PROACTIVE Ph2b non-responsive celiac study to deliver top-line results and subsequent Amgen 150.0
 million take-back decision; and 
 
 d.
 PRV-101: complete follow-up phase of PREVENT Ph1 FIH study and engage potential out-licensing or co-development partners. 
 
 20 
 
 100 
 for achievement of a., b., c., and d. up to 125 

4. 
 Financing 
 
 Secure
 adequate financing to support corporate goals. 
 
 25 
 
 100 
 to 135 

5. 
 Organizational
 Development and Infrastructure 
 
 a.
 Specify, recruit, compensate/incentivize and sustain requisite organizational and functional leadership/management talent and technical
 expertise; and 
 
 b.
 Continue to nurture and calibrate progressive, foundational, patient-centric, high-performance culture with emphasis on agility/adaptability,
 courage/tenacity, transparency/collaboration, and professional integrity. 
 
 15 
 
 100 
 to 125 

123 

2022
Earned Annual Incentives 

The
Compensation Committee did not adjust any performance goals with respect to our annual incentive program during 2022. In December 2022,
the Compensation Committee and our Board approved achievement of 2022 Corporate Goals at 120 , based on our achievement
of the following components of the 2022 Corporate Goals: 

1.
Corporate Strategic Plan 

In
 Q1 2022, we updated its corporate positioning, value proposition, strategic intent, and business plans to support and optimize
 value creation to core stakeholders; 

In
 Q2 2022, we defined a three to five year long-range plan and completed its valuation analysis; and 

In
 October 2022, we entered into a strategic partnership with Sanofi, as described in more detail under Executive Summary 
 above. 

2.
TZIELD Franchise Build 

In
 Q1 2022, we successfully resubmitted its BLA for TZIELD and received FDA approval on November
 17, 2022; 

In
 December 2022, we began shipping TZIELD to our distributors in the United States; 

We
 developed a project plan for label expansion to grow the TZIELD franchise in the United States, subject to FDA feedback; 

We
 successfully followed up on our PROTECT study, and top-line results are on target for the second half of 2023; 

We
 advanced TZIELD market access outside of the United States, including obtaining advice from MHRA in the United Kingdom and national rapporteurs
 in the European Union to continue developing a path towards approval in the United Kingdom and European Union; and 

We
 completed and approved a manufacturing sourcing assessment for TZIELD drug substance supply continuity. 

3.
Pipeline 

On
 January 20, 2022, we announced the initiation of the Phase 2a PREVAIL-2 study (PRV-3279 EVAluation In Lupus - Phase 2) for which
 the Company expects top-line results in the second half of 2024; 

We
 executed a supply agreement related to PRV-3279; 

In
 March 2022, we announced positive results from the final analysis of our FIH PROVENT study of PRV-101; 

During
 2022, we continued to advance our PROTECT study, which is fully recruited and for which we expect to report top-line date in the
 second half of 2023; and 

During
 2022, we continued to advance our ordesekimab, PROACTIVE study, for which we expect to report top-line results by the end of 2023. 

4.
Financing 

We
 closed a 60.0 million private placement, which was announced in July 2022; 

We
 closed a 125.0 million term loan facility with Hercules Capital, Inc., which was announced in August 2022; 

We
 raised 47.4 million in net proceeds from the sale of shares of commons stock under our 2021 ATM stock sale program; and 

Through
 our partnership with Sanofi, we secured 20.0 million in upfront cash and Sanofi s agreement to purchase 35.0 million of our
 common stock at a purchase price per share equal to 140 of the daily volume-weighted average per share price for the five consecutive
 days prior to the closing date. 

124 

5.
Organizational Development and Infrastructure 

In
2022, we achieved an annual voluntary turnover rate of less than 7 ; 

We
 successfully hired employees to fill 85 of our open positions in less than 50 days; 

We
 achieved more than 95 participation in our employee engagement and cultural alignment survey; and 

In
 Q3 2022, we established an internal Culture Committee and in December 2022, we launched an all-company Culture Story 
 project. 

Accordingly,
the Compensation Committee and our Board approved achievement of the 2022 Corporate Goals as set forth in the table below: 

2022 Corporate Goal 
 1. 
 Corporate Strategic Plan 
 2. 
 TZIELD Franchise Build 
 3. 
 Pipeline 
 4. 
 Financing 
 5. 
 Organizational Development and Infrastructure 
 Total 
 
 Weighting (at 100 achievement) 
 15 
 25 
 20 
 25 
 15 
 100 
 
 2022 Corporate Achievement 
 125 
 120 
 95 
 130 
 130 
 N/A 
 
 Total Payout 
 19 
 30 
 19 
 32 
 20 
 120 

In
January 2023, all of our NEO annual bonuses were paid out based on a 120 2022 Corporate Goal achievement level. 

Executive 
 Total Target Bonus Opportunity (as of Base Salary) 
 Total Approved Achievement of 2022 Corporate Goals 
 2022 Earned Annual Incentive 
 
 Ashleigh Palmer 
 60 
 120 
 486,000 
 
 Francisco Leon 
 40 
 120 
 228,000 
 
 Eleanor Ramos 
 40 
 120 
 228,000 

Equity
Compensation 

2022
Equity Awards 

The
majority of our NEOs compensation is designed to reward the achievement of sustainable long-term growth and strong corporate performance.
Our equity program has historically been composed of time-vesting and performance-vesting stock options that reward long-term value creation
and alignment with stockholders. In 2022, after a review of practices of companies in our compensation peer group and recognizing that
time-based options are aligned with shareholder interests in that they require stock price growth performance in order to accrue value,
the Compensation Committee determined that our annual equity grant to executives for 2022 would be comprised of time-vesting stock options
only, as discussed in the Executive Summary above. 

Stock
option grants are largely based on an executive s role and responsibilities and performance as an executive team member, current
business climate, market analysis, and our CEO s recommendations. 

125 

Based
on the above factors, the Compensation Committee and the independent members of our Board, on the recommendation of the Compensation
Committee, approved an annual grant to each of our NEOs. On January 18, 2022, we granted a time-vesting option to purchase 145,000 shares
of our common stock to each of Drs. Leon and Ramos. On January 19, 2022, we granted a time-vesting option to purchase 360,000 shares
of our common stock to Mr. Palmer. 

Each
time-vesting option vests as to one-fourth of the underlying shares on the first anniversary of the grant date and in 36 monthly installments
thereafter such that all shares underlying the time-based option will be fully vested on the fourth anniversary of the grant date, generally
subject to the NEO s continued employment through the applicable vesting date. 

Prior
Year Equity Award Vesting 

During
2022, one-third of the performance-based options granted to our NEOs in 2019 vested upon the Compensation Committee s determination
that the Company achieved the applicable performance metric (FDA approval of the BLA for TZIELD) and one-fourth
of the performance-based options granted to our NEOs in 2020 vested upon the Compensation Committee s determination that the Company
achieved the applicable performance metric (the launch of TZIELD in the United States). 

ADDITIONAL
COMPENSATION PRACTICES AND POLICIES 

Insider
Trading Policy 

It
is the policy of the Company that no director, officer or other employee may engage in hedging transactions involving any securities
of the Company they hold, including those granted through employee equity awards. Additionally, pledging transactions involving Company
securities held are prohibited other than with review and preapproval, if appropriate, by the Company s CLO. In addition, no director,
officer or other employee of the Company who is aware of material nonpublic information related to the Company may, directly or indirectly,
through family members or other persons or entities: 

engage
 in transactions in the securities of the Company (except with respect to a net exercise of stock options grant pursuant to the Company s
 equity plans, the withholding of restricted stock necessary to satisfy tax withholding requirements upon vesting and the purchase
 from or sale to the Company of securities of the Company); 

recommend
 that any other person engage in transactions in the securities of the Company; 

disclose
 material nonpublic information to persons within the Company whose jobs do not require them to have that information or to persons
 outside of the Company, including, but not limited to, family, friends, business associates, investors and expert consulting firms,
 unless such disclosure is made in accordance with the Company s policies regarding the protection or authorized external disclosure
 of information regarding the Company; or 

assist
 anyone engaged in the above activities. 

In
addition, it is the policy of the Company that no director, officer or other employee who, in the course of working for the Company,
learns of material nonpublic information about a company with which the Company does business, including a customer or supplier of the
Company, may trade in that company s securities until the information becomes public or is no longer material. 

Employment
Agreements; Letter Agreements 

We
are party to an employment agreement with each of Mr. Palmer and Drs. Leon and Ramos. In September 2022, we entered into an amendment
to the employment agreement with each of our NEOs to adjust the severance benefits and in March 2023, we further amended the employment
agreement with each of our NEOs to make certain clarifying changes with respect to the severance benefits. In March 2023, we also entered
into letter agreements with our NEOs. The employment agreements and letter agreements with our NEOs are described below under Agreements
with our NEOs and Severance Upon Termination of Employment; Change in Control. 

126 

Tax
and Accounting Considerations 

Deductibility
of Executive Compensation 

Generally,
Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code disallows a tax deduction to any publicly-held corporation for any remuneration in excess
of 1.0 million paid in any taxable year to certain current and former executive officers. The Compensation Committee believes that it
is in the best interests of our stockholders to maintain flexibility in our approach to executive compensation and to structure a program
that we consider to be the most effective in attracting, motivating and retaining key employees even if compensation paid under that
program is not deductible in whole or in part. 

Accounting
for Stock-Based Compensation 

The
Compensation Committee and our Board generally take into consideration the fair value of equity awards, using Black-Scholes or other
methods, in making compensation decisions for our NEOs and board members. We follow the FASB ASC Topic 718 for our stock-based compensation
awards, which requires companies to calculate the grant date fair value of their stock-based awards using a variety of
assumptions. 

Summary
Compensation Table 

The
following table sets forth information concerning the compensation earned by, awarded or paid to our NEOs for fiscal year 2022 and fiscal
year 2021. 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Option Awards ) (1) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) (2) 
 All Other Compensation ) (3) 
 Total ) 
 
 Ashleigh Palmer 
 2022 
 675,000 
 1,092,908 
 486,000 
 12,200 
 2,266,108 
 
 (CEO) 
 2021 
 612,900 
 666,474 
 275,805 
 11,600 
 1,566,779 
 
 Francisco Leon 
 2022 
 475,000 
 442,471 
 228,000 
 12,200 
 1,157,671 
 
 (CSO) 
 2021 
 450,000 
 666,474 
 147,600 
 12,350 
 1,276,424 
 
 Eleanor Ramos 
 2022 
 475,000 
 442,471 
 228,000 
 12,200 
 1,157,671 
 
 (CMO) 
 2021 
 450,000 
 666,474 
 149,400 
 12,324 
 1,278,198 

(1) 
 Amounts
 represent the aggregate grant date fair value of stock options (including time-vesting stock options for 2022 and time-vesting and
 performance-vesting stock options for 2021) granted to each of our NEOs determined in accordance with ASC Topic 718, disregarding
 the effects of estimated forfeitures. The underlying valuation assumptions for these stock option awards are discussed in Note 11
 to our consolidated financial statements for each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 included in this Annual
 Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. See Compensation Summary Elements of our Executive
 Compensation Program Equity Compensation above. With respect to performance-vesting stock options granted to Mr. Palmer,
 Dr. Leon and Dr. Ramos in fiscal year 2021, the grant date fair value of such options if all applicable performance milestones associated
 with such awards were achieved in full is 333,237, which is included in the amount in the table above. 
 
 (2) 
 Amounts
 represent annual bonuses earned by our NEOs under our annual bonus program. See Compensation Summary Elements of our
 Executive Compensation Program Annual Cash Incentives above. 
 
 (3) 
 Amounts
 shown in the All Other Compensation column for 2022 include matching contributions that we made under our 401(k) plan
 of 12,200 for each of Mr. Palmer and Drs. Leon and Ramos. Amounts shown in the All Other Compensation column for 2021
 include matching contributions that we made under our 401(k) plan of 11,600 for each of Mr. Palmer and Drs. Leon and Ramos. The
 amount shown in the All Other Compensation column for 2021 for Drs. Leon and Ramos also includes a 500 gift card offered
 to all of our employees, along with a tax gross-up associated with the gift card 250 for Dr. Leon and 224 for Dr. Ramos). 

127 

Narrative
Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table 

Agreements
with our NEOs 

Each
NEO is party to an employment agreement with us that sets forth the terms and conditions of the NEO s employment with us. The material
terms of the agreements are as follows: 

We
entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Palmer in 2017, subsequently amended and restated this agreement effective May 19, 2020,
subsequently amended the amended and restated agreement effective September 9, 2022, and further amended the agreement effective March
9, 2023. Mr. Palmer s employment agreement sets forth his base salary and target annual bonus opportunity, both subject to periodic
adjustment. The agreement also provides for severance payments and benefits in the event of a qualifying termination of his employment,
as described below. 

We
entered into an employment agreement with Dr. Leon in 2017, subsequently amended and restated this agreement effective June 10, 2020,
subsequently amended the amended and restated agreement effective September 9, 2022, and further amended the agreement effective March
9, 2023. Dr. Leon s employment agreement sets forth his base salary and target annual bonus opportunity, both subject to periodic
adjustment. The agreement also provides for severance payments and benefits in the event of a qualifying termination of his employment,
as described below. 

We
entered into an employment agreement with Dr. Ramos in 2017, subsequently amended and restated this agreement effective June 9, 2020,
subsequently amended the amended and restated agreement effective September 9, 2022, and further amended the agreement effective March
9, 2023. Dr. Ramos s employment agreement sets forth her base salary and target annual bonus opportunity, both subject to periodic
adjustment. The agreement also provides for severance payments and benefits in the event of a qualifying termination of her employment,
as described below. 

Restrictive
covenants 

Pursuant
to their respective employment agreements (as amended and restated), Mr. Palmer and Drs. Leon and Ramos are bound by certain restrictive
covenants. Mr. Palmer s employment agreement contains perpetual non-disparagement, 12-month post-employment non-solicitation of
employees, and 12-month post-employment non-competition restrictions. The employment agreement with each of Drs. Leon and Ramos contains
12-month post-employment non-solicitation of employees and 12-month post-employment non-competition restrictions. Each of our NEOs also
entered into an Employee Non-Disclosure and Invention Assignment Agreement, under which he or she has agreed to a three-year post-employment
obligation of confidentiality, an assignment of intellectual property covenant, and a covenant related to the protection and return of
documents and other materials. 

Severance
Upon Termination of Employment; Change in Control 

The
employment agreements (as amended and restated) with our NEOs provide for severance payments and benefits in connection with specified
termination events, subject to the NEO s timely execution (without revocation) of a separation agreement provided by us containing
a release of claims and other customary terms and continued compliance with the restrictive covenants described above. The terms cause, 
 good reason, and change in control referred to below are defined in the NEO s respective employment
agreement. 

If
an NEO s employment is terminated by us without cause or by the executive for good reason outside of a change in control, he or
she will be entitled to receive (i) payment of his or her then-current base salary for a specified period following termination (18 months
for Mr. Palmer and 12 months for Drs. Leon and Ramos), payable in installments in accordance with the Company s payroll practices,
(ii) a pro rata portion of his or her annual bonus based on objectives achieved at the termination date, paid on the date the annual
bonus would have been paid had the executive s employment continued, (iii) payment of COBRA premiums following the executive s
termination for a specified period (18 months for Mr. Palmer and 12 months for Drs. Leon and Ramos), or, if earlier, until the date on
which the executive secures substantially gainful employment from a new employer, payable in installments in accordance with the Company s
payroll practices, (iv) accelerated vesting of all unvested time-based stock options granted under the Provention Bio, Inc. 2017 Equity
Incentive Plan, as amended and restated, or the 2017 Plan (or any successor plan), with all outstanding vested stock options (whether
time- or performance-based) remaining outstanding and exercisable for a period of 12 months following such termination (or, if earlier,
until the original expiration date of such options), and (v) accelerated vesting of all equity awards (other than stock options) that
would have become vested during a specified period following the date the executive s employment terminates had the executive s
employment continued through such period (nine months for Mr. Palmer and Dr. Ramos and 12 months for Dr. Leon). 

128 

If
an NEO s employment is terminated by us without cause or by the executive for good reason within 12 months following a change in
control of the Company, he or she will be entitled to receive (i) payment of his or her then-current base salary for a specified period
following the date of such termination (24 months for Mr. Palmer and 18 months for Drs. Leon and Ramos), payable in installments in accordance
with the Company s payroll practices, (ii) an amount equal to 1.5x (2.0x for Mr. Palmer) his or her target annual bonus payable
in installments in accordance with the Company s payroll practices over the severance period specified in (i), (iii) payment of
COBRA premiums following the executive s termination for a specified period (24 months for Mr. Palmer and 18 months for Drs. Leon
and Ramos), or, if earlier, until the date on which the executive secures substantially gainful employment from a new employer, payable
in installments in accordance with the Company s payroll practices, and (iv) accelerated vesting of all outstanding equity awards,
with all outstanding stock options remaining outstanding and exercisable for their full term. 

We
entered into letter agreements on March 12, 2023 with our NEOs that provide for the reimbursement of excise taxes under Section 4999
of the Code so that on a net after-tax basis the NEOs would be in the same position as if no such excise tax had applied to the NEO,
subject to an specified aggregate cap for all of our affected executives, including the NEOs. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End 

The
following table shows the number of unvested equity awards held by our NEOs as of December 31, 2022. 

Option Awards 
 
 Name and Principal Position 
 Grant Date 
 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options (#) 
 Option Exercise Price ) (1) 
 Option Expiration Date 
 
 Ashleigh Palmer 
 4/25/2017 (2) 
 
 541,720 
 - 
 - 
 2.50 
 4/24/2027 
 
 (CEO) 
 6/24/2019 (4) 
 
 360,000 
 40,000 
 - 
 12.54 
 6/24/2029 

7/15/2020 (5) 
 
 48,213 
 27,550 
 61,987 
 12.62 
 7/15/2030 

5/12/2021 (6) 
 
 27,609 
 42,141 
 69,750 
 6.80 
 5/12/2031 

1/19/2022 (7) 
 
 - 
 360,000 
 - 
 4.37 
 1/19/2032 
 
 Francisco Leon 
 4/25/2017 (2) 
 
 342,103 
 - 
 - 
 2.50 
 4/25/2027 
 
 (CSO) 
 6/24/2019 (4) 
 
 360,000 
 40,000 
 - 
 12.54 
 6/24/2029 

7/15/2020 (5) 
 
 48,213 
 27,550 
 61,987 
 12.62 
 7/15/2030 

5/12/2021 (6) 
 
 27,609 
 42,141 
 69,750 
 6.80 
 5/12/2031 

1/18/2022 (8) 
 
 - 
 145,000 
 - 
 4.39 
 1/18/2032 
 
 Eleanor Ramos 
 9/11/2017 (3) 
 
 460,462 
 - 
 - 
 2.50 
 9/10/2027 
 
 (CMO) 
 6/24/2019 (4) 
 
 360,000 
 40,000 
 - 
 12.54 
 6/24/2029 

7/15/2020 (5) 
 
 48,213 
 27,550 
 61,987 
 12.62 
 7/15/2030 

5/12/2021 (6) 
 
 27,609 
 42,141 
 69,750 
 6.80 
 5/12/2031 

1/18/2022 (8) 
 
 - 
 145,000 
 - 
 4.39 
 1/18/2032 

(1) 
 For
 stock option grants issued after July 19, 2018, the date of our initial public offering, the exercise price is equal to the closing
 price per share of our common stock on the grant date, as reported on The Nasdaq Global Select Market. For stock option grants issued
 prior to July 19, 2018, the option exercise price was determined using the probability-weighted expected return valuation method
 in accordance with the guidance outlined in the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants Accounting and Valuation
 Guide, Valuation of Privately-Held-Company Equity Securities Issued as Compensation. 

129 

(2) 
 These
 stock options vested in eight equal semi-annual installments beginning in October 2017 and ending in April 2021, generally subject
 to the NEO s continued employment with the Company through each applicable vesting date. 

(3) 
 Forty
 percent of the shares underlying the stock options in this grant vested in four equal annual installments beginning in July 2018
 and ending in July 2021 and sixty percent of the shares underlying these stock options vested upon the achievement of certain performance-based
 milestones, in each case, generally subject to Dr. Ramos continued employment with the Company through the applicable vesting
 date. Performance-based stock options that were not achieved at the time of measurement were cancelled (81,258 options). 

(4) 
 Forty
 percent of the shares underlying the stock options in this grant are subject to time-based vesting in four equal annual installments
 beginning in June 2020 and ending in June 2023 and sixty percent of the shares underlying these stock options are subject to performance-based
 vesting based on the achievement of certain performance-based milestones, in each case, generally subject to the NEO s continued
 employment with the Company through each applicable vesting date. Two-thirds of the performance-based options subject to this grant
 vested in 2020 upon achievement of certain performance milestones and the remaining one-third of the performance-based options vested
 on November 22, 2022 upon FDA approval of the TZIELD BLA. 

(5) 
 Forty
 percent of the shares underlying the stock options in this grant are subject to time-based vesting in four equal annual installments
 beginning in July 2021 and ending in July 2024 and sixty percent of the shares underlying these stock options are subject to performance-based
 vesting based on the achievement of certain performance-based milestones, in each case, generally subject to the NEO s continued
 employment with the Company through each applicable vesting date. Twenty-five percent of the performance-based options subject to
 this grant vested on December 8, 2022 upon achievement of the commercial launch of TZIELD in the United States. The remaining unvested
 performance-based stock options are reported in the table assuming the performance milestones associated with such options are met
 in full. 

(6) 
 Fifty
 percent of the shares underlying the stock options in this grant are subject to time-based vesting, such that one-fourth of these
 shares vested on May 12, 2022 and the remaining shares vest in 36 equal monthly installments thereafter such that all of the underlying
 shares will be vested on May 12, 2025. Fifty percent of the shares underlying the stock options in this grant will vest upon the
 achievement of certain performance-based milestones. In each case, vesting is generally subject to the NEO s continued employment
 with the Company through each applicable vesting date. Performance-based stock options are reported in the table assuming the performance
 milestones associated with such options are met in full. 

(7) 
 This
 stock option vested as to 25 of the underlying shares on January 19, 2023 and vests as to the remaining shares in 36 equal monthly
 installments thereafter such that all of the underlying shares will be vested on January 19, 2026, in each case, generally subject
 to Mr. Palmer s continued employment with the Company through each applicable vesting date. 

(8) 
 These
 stock options vested as to 25 of the underlying shares on January 18, 2023 and vest as to the remaining shares in 36 equal monthly
 installments thereafter such that all of the underlying shares will be vested on January 18, 2026, in each case, generally subject
 to the NEO s continued employment with the Company through each applicable vesting date. 

130 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

The
following table summarizes our equity compensation plan information as of December 31, 2022. 

Plan Category 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (a) 
 Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (b) 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) (c) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by stockholders (1) 
 12,489,652 
 8.06 
 575,928 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by stockholders (2) 
 2,348,717 
 6.21 
 2,151,283 
 
 Total 
 14,838,369 
 7.77 
 2,727,211 

(1) 
 Includes
 information regarding the 2017 Plan. 
 
 (2) 
 Includes
 information regarding the Provention Bio, Inc. 2020 Inducement Plan, as amended, or the Inducement Plan, pursuant to which equity
 awards may be granted to new employees in accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(c)(4). The number of shares remaining available
 for future issuance reflects shares reserved by our Board for future issuance to new employees under the Inducement Plan. 

2020
Inducement Plan 

On
October 29, 2020, our Board adopted, and on May 17, 2022, our Board amended, the Inducement Plan, pursuant to which equity awards may
be granted to new employees in accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(c)(4) as an inducement material to such employees entering into
employment with the Company. Pursuant to the terms of the Inducement Plan, the Company may grant nonstatutory stock options, stock appreciation
rights, restricted stock unit awards and restricted stock to individuals who were not previously an employee or director of the Company
or individuals returning to employment after a bona fide period of non-employment with the Company. The Inducement Plan allows the Company
to deliver up to 4,500,000 shares, subject to adjustment as contemplated by the provisions of the Inducement Plan. 1,223,000 options
were awarded pursuant to the Inducement Plan during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Director
Compensation 

The
following table sets forth information concerning the compensation of our non-employee directors for their services to us during 2022.
Mr. Palmer receives no additional compensation for his service as a director. The compensation received by Mr. Palmer as an employee
during 2022 is reflected in the Summary Compensation Table above. 

Name 
 Fees earned or paid in cash ) 
 Option Awards ) (1) 
 Total ) 
 
 Jeffery Bluestone (2) 
 16,813 
 100,540 
 117,353 
 
 Avery Catlin 
 67,500 
 100,540 
 168,040 
 
 Sean Doherty (3) 
 46,033 
 393,796 
 439,829 
 
 John Jenkins 
 49,677 
 100,540 
 150,217 
 
 Wayne Pisano 
 97,823 
 100,540 
 198,363 
 
 Nancy Wysenski 
 58,539 
 100,540 
 159,079 

(1) 
 Amounts
represent the aggregate grant date fair value of stock option awards granted to our non-employee directors during 2022 determined in
accordance with ASC Topic 718, disregarding the effect of estimated forfeitures. The underlying valuation assumptions for these awards
are discussed in Note 11 to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022, included in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. The amount reported for Mr. Doherty also includes the incremental fair value,
determined in accordance with ASC Topic 718, associated with the acceleration of his 33,000 stock options granted on May 17, 2022, the
acceleration of his 32,245 stock options granted on September 26, 2019, and the extended post-termination exercise period for all of
his outstanding stock options 293,256) in connection with his resignation from our Board on November 1, 2022. As of December 31, 2022,
Dr. Bluestone held options to purchase 118,323 shares of our common stock, Mr. Catlin held options to purchase 231,181 shares of our
common stock, Mr. Doherty held options to purchase 207,181 shares of our common stock, Dr. Jenkins held options to purchase 184,981 shares
of our common stock, Mr. Pisano held options to purchase 231,181 shares of our common stock, and Ms. Wysenski held options to purchase
207,181 shares of our common stock. 

 (2) 
 Dr.
Bluestone resigned from our Board on June 1, 2022. 
 
 (3) 
 Mr.
Doherty resigned from our Board on November 1, 2022. 

131 

In
connection with Dr. Bluestone s resignation from our Board on June 1, 2022, we entered into a Scientific Advisory Agreement with
Dr. Bluestone under which he will serve as scientific advisor to the Company through the earlier of (a) the business day before the Company s
2023 annual meeting of stockholders and (b) May 17, 2023 Termination Date ). 

In
connection with Mr. Doherty s resignation from our Board on November 1, 2022, his 33,000 stock options granted on May 17, 2022
and 32,245 stock options granted on September 26, 2019 were accelerated and all outstanding options held by Mr. Doherty as of his resignation
date will remain outstanding and exercisable for twelve (12) months following his resignation. 

Non-Employee
Director Compensation Policy 

Pursuant
to our non-employee director compensation policy for 2022, each member of our Board who is not an employee was compensated as follows: 

each
 non-employee director receives an annual cash fee of 40,000 75,000 for our chairperson, including a 35,000 Board Chair cash fee); 

each
 non-employee director who is a member of the Audit Committee receives an additional annual cash fee of 10,000 20,000 for the Audit
 Committee chair); 

each
 non-employee director who is a member of the Compensation Committee receives an additional annual cash fee of 7,500 15,000 for
 our Compensation Committee chair); 

each
 non-employee director who is a member of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee receives an additional annual cash fee
 of 5,000 10,000 for the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee chair); 

each
 non-employee director receives an annual grant of an option to purchase 33,000 shares of our common stock, which generally vests
 over a one-year period through the earlier of the business day before the next annual meeting of stockholders or the first anniversary
 of the grant date, subject to the director s continued service on our Board; and 

upon
 appointment, each non-employee director receives an initial grant of an option to purchase 66,000 shares of our common stock upon
 his or her appointment to our Board, which generally vests in eight equal semi-annual installments over a four-year period, subject
 to the director s continued service on our Board through the applicable vesting date. 

All
cash fees payable pursuant to our director compensation policy are paid on a quarterly basis and no meeting fees are paid. We also reimburse
non-employee directors for reasonable expenses incurred in connection with attending Board and committee meetings. 

132 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The
following table sets forth certain information as of March 20, 2023 with respect to the beneficial ownership of our common stock by the
following: (i) each of our current directors and director nominees; (ii) each of the NEOs; (iii) all of the current executive officers
and directors as a group; and (iv) each person, or group of persons, known by us based on reports filed with the SEC, who beneficially
own more than five percent (5 of the outstanding shares of our common stock. 

For
purposes of the following table, beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the applicable SEC rules, and the information
is not necessarily indicative of beneficial ownership for any other purpose. Except as otherwise noted in the footnotes to the table,
we believe that each person or entity named in the table has sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of our common
stock shown as beneficially owned by that person or entity (or shares such power with his or her spouse). Under the SEC s rules,
shares of our common stock issuable under options or warrants that are exercisable on or within 60 days after March 20, 2023 are deemed
outstanding and therefore included in the number of shares reported as beneficially owned by a person or entity named in the table and
are used to compute the percentage of our common stock beneficially owned by that person or entity. These shares are not, however, deemed
outstanding for computing the percentage of the common stock beneficially owned by any other person or entity. 

The
percentage of our common stock beneficially owned by each person or entity named in the following table is based on 94,780,874 shares
of common stock issued and outstanding as of March 20, 2023 plus any shares issuable upon exercise of options or warrants held by such
person or entity that are exercisable on or within 60 days after March 20, 2023. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Percentage of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 
 NEOs and Directors 

Ashleigh Palmer (1) 
 3,574,858 
 3.7 
 
 Francisco Leon (2) 
 3,306,524 
 3.5 
 
 Eleanor Ramos (3) 
 1,021,883 
 1.1 
 
 Avery Catlin (4) 
 251,181 

Rita Jain 
 - 

John Jenkins (5) 
 136,613 

Wayne Pisano (6) 
 238,681 

Nancy Wysenski (7) 
 174,936 

All Executive Officers and Directors as a group (13 persons) (8) 
 9,769,681 
 9.8 
 
 5 or Greater Stockholders 

Entities affiliated with Sessa Capital (Master), L.P. (9) 
 11,879,023 
 12.5 
 
 BlackRock, Inc. (10) 
 5,579,604 
 5.9 
 
 Entities affiliated with Adage Capital Partners, L.P. (11) 
 5,398,825 
 5.7 

) 
 Unless otherwise
 indicated, the address is c/o Provention Bio, Inc., 55 Broad Street, 2nd Floor, Red Bank, NJ 07701. 

Less than 1 . 
 
 (1) 
 Consists of (i) 2,570,050
 shares of common stock and (ii) 1,004,808 shares of common stock underlying stock options that are currently exercisable or scheduled
 to vest within 60 days of March 20, 2023. 
 
 (2) 
 Consists of (i) 2,573,000
 shares of common stock and (ii) 733,524 shares of common stock underlying stock options that are currently exercisable or scheduled
 to vest within 60 days of March 20, 2023. 

133 

(3) 
 Consists of
 (i) 70,000 shares of common stock and (ii) 951,883 shares of common stock underlying stock options that are currently exercisable
 or scheduled to vest within 60 days of March 20, 2023. 
 
 (4) 
 Consists of (i) 20,000
 shares of common stock and (ii) 231,181 shares of common stock underlying stock options that are currently exercisable or scheduled
 to vest within 60 days of March 20, 2023. 
 
 (5) 
 Consists of (i) 136,613
 shares of common stock underlying stock options that are currently exercisable or scheduled to vest within 60 days of March 20, 2023. 
 
 (6) 
 Consists of (i) 7,500 shares
 of common stock and (ii) 231,181 shares of common stock underlying stock options that are currently exercisable or scheduled to vest
 within 60 days of March 20, 2023. 
 
 (7) 
 Consists of (i) 174,936
 shares of common stock underlying stock options that are currently exercisable or scheduled to vest within 60 days of March 20, 2023. 
 
 (8) 
 Consists
of (i) the shares of common stock and shares of common stock underlying stock options that are currently exercisable or scheduled to
vest within 60 days of March 20, 2023 held by all Executive Officers and Directors in the beneficial ownership table above and (ii) 1,065,005
shares of common stock underlying stock options that are currently exercisable or scheduled to vest within 60 days of March 20, 2023
held in the aggregate by the Company s other Executive Officers, including Messrs. Chauche, Hoitt and Osorio and Mses. King-Jones
and Yi. 
 
 (9) 
 All information regarding
 entities affiliated with Sessa Capital (Master), L.P. the Fund is based on information disclosed in a Form 4 filed
 by the Fund, Sessa Capital GP, LLC, Sessa Capital IM, L.P., Sessa Capital IM GP, LLC and John Petry (collectively, the Sessa
 Reporting Persons with the SEC on January 20, 2023. Includes 11,879,023 shares of common stock held directly by the Fund.
 Sessa Capital IM, L.P. is the investment manager of the fund and may be deemed to beneficially own the shares held directly by the
 Fund. Sessa Capital GP, LLC is the general partner of the Fund and Sessa Capital IM GP, LLC is the general partner of Sessa Capital
 IM, L.P. and may be deemed to beneficially own the shares held directly by the Fund. Mr. Petry is the manager of Sessa Capital GP,
 LLC and Sessa Capital IM CP, LLC and may be deemed to beneficially own the shares held directly by the Fund. The address for each
 of the Sessa Reporting Persons is 888 Seventh Avenue, 30th Floor, New York, NY 10019. 
 
 (10) 
 All
information regarding BlackRock, Inc. is based on information disclosed in Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 1, 2023. The
address for the reporting person is 55 East 52nd Street, New York, NY 10055. 
 
 (11) 
 All information regarding
 Adage Capital Partners, L.P. ACP is based on information disclosed in a Schedule 13G filed by ACP, Adage Capital
 Partners GP, L.L.C. ACPGP ), Adage Capital Advisors, L.L.C. ACA ), Robert Atchinson, and Philip Gross
 (collectively, the ACP Reporting Persons with the SEC on February 21, 2023. Includes 5,398,825 shares of common stock
 held directly by ACP. ACP has the power to dispose of and the power to vote the common stock beneficially owned by it, which power
 may be exercised by its general partner, ACPGP. ACA, as managing member of ACPGP, directs ACPGP s operations, and each of ACPGP
 and ACA may be deemed to beneficially own the shares held directly by ACP. Messrs. Atchinson and Gross, as managing members of ACA,
 have shared power to vote the common stock beneficially owned by ACP, and may also be deemed to beneficially own the shares held
 directly by ACP. The address for each of the ACP Reporting Persons is 200 Clarendon Street, 52nd Floor, Boston, Massachusetts 02116. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

Other
than compensation arrangements for NEOs and directors (which are described in the sections entitled Executive Compensation 
and Director Compensation, respectively) and indemnification agreements with our current directors and executive officers,
we are not aware of any transaction or series of similar transactions since January 1, 2021, to which we were a party or will be a party,
in which: 

the
 amounts involved exceeded or will exceed 120,000; and 

any
 of our directors, nominees for director, executive officers or holders of more than 5 of any class of our voting securities, or
 any member of the immediate family of the foregoing persons (each, a related person ), had or will have a direct or
 indirect material interest. 

134 

Our
Board has adopted written policies and procedures relating to the review of any transactions in which the Company is a participant
and a related person has a direct or indirect material interest related party transactions ). Pursuant to the Audit
Committee Charter, the Audit Committee is responsible for reviewing and approving related party transactions. Our Related Person
Transaction Policy provides that prior to entering into a related party transaction other than those which have been pre-approved
(as described below), the related person must notify our CFO of the facts and circumstances of the proposed transaction and the CFO
reports such transaction, together with a summary of material facts, to the Audit Committee for consideration at the next regularly
scheduled Audit Committee meeting or, if advance review is not feasible, to the chair of the Audit Committee who will then report
any such transactions approved to the Audit Committee at the next meeting. In reviewing the related party transaction, the Audit
Committee or its chair, as applicable, takes into account, among other factors deemed appropriate, whether the transaction is on
terms no less favorable to the Company than terms generally available in a transaction with an unaffiliated third party under the
same or similar circumstances and the extent of the related person s interest in the transaction. 

Our
Related Person Transaction Policy provides that certain pre-approved related party transactions are not subject to further review by
the Audit Committee; instead, the Audit Committee reviews a summary of such transactions (other than compensation) at each regularly
scheduled Audit Committee meeting. Such transactions include: 

any
 compensation paid to a director or executive officer if such compensation (i) is required to be reported in our annual proxy statement
 or (ii) in the case of an executive officer who is not a family member of any other executive officer, would have been required to
 be reported in our annual proxy statement if the executive officer was an NEO; 

any
 transaction with another company, other than our acquisition of that company, if the only relationship that the related person has
 with such company is as a non-executive employee, director or beneficial owner of less than 10 of such company s shares, provided
 that the aggregate amount involved in such transaction does not exceed the greater of 1,000,000 or 2 of that company s total
 annual revenues and that the transaction is on terms no less favorable than terms generally available to an unaffiliated third-party
 under the same or similar circumstances; 

any
 transaction in which the related person s interest arises solely from beneficially owning our common stock if all of our stockholders
 receive the same benefit on a pro rata basis (e.g., dividends); and 

any
 transaction with an institutional investor who is a related person if such institutional investor is a related person solely because
 of its beneficial ownership of more than 5 of a class of our voting securities and does not take an active role in the management
 or direction of our business, provided that the transaction is on terms no less favorable than terms generally available to an unaffiliated
 third-party under the same or similar circumstances. 

Director
Independence 

Our
common stock is listed on The Nasdaq Global Select Market tier of Nasdaq. Under Nasdaq rules, a director will only qualify as an independent
director if, among other qualifications, in the opinion of that company s board of directors, that person does not have
a relationship that would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. 

Under
Nasdaq rules, independent directors must comprise a majority of our Board. In addition, Nasdaq rules require that (i) subject
to certain exceptions, all of the members of the Audit Committee must be independent as defined by Nasdaq and, in addition, satisfy the
independence criteria set forth in Rule 10A-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ),
(ii) all of the members of the Compensation Committee must be independent as defined by Nasdaq in accordance with Rule 10C-1 under the
Exchange Act and (iii) either the members of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee must be independent as defined by Nasdaq
(subject to certain limited exceptions) or director nominees must be selected or recommended for the Board s selection by the separate
vote of a majority of the Board s independent directors. 

135 

Our
Board undertook a review of its composition, the composition of its committees and the independence of each director. Based on information
requested from and provided by each director concerning his or her background, employment and affiliations, including family relationships,
our Board has determined that Avery Catlin, Rita Jain, John Jenkins, Wayne Pisano and Nancy Wysenski, do not have a relationship that
would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director and that each of these directors
is independent as that term is defined under Nasdaq rules. 

In
making this determination, our Board considered the relationships that each non-employee director has with our Company and all other
facts and circumstances our Board deemed relevant in determining their independence. 

Item
14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

The
following table summarizes the fees for professional services rendered by EisnerAmper LLP, our independent registered public accounting
firm, for each of the last two fiscal years: 

Fee Category 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit Fees 
 406,917 
 288,440 
 
 Tax Fees 

All Other Fees 

Total Fees 
 406,917 
 288,440 

Audit
fees represent fees for professional services provided in connection with the audit of our annual financial statements and reviews of
our quarterly interim financial statements, and audit services provided in connection with other statutory or regulatory filings. Audit
fees also include fees for reviews of registration statements. 

Pre-Approval
Policy . The Audit Committee is responsible for appointing, setting compensation and overseeing the work of our independent registered
public accounting firm. Pursuant to the Audit Committee Charter, the Audit Committee selects, retains and obtains, in its sole discretion,
our independent registered public accounting firm and has the sole authority to approve their fees and retention terms. Non-audit services
prohibited under Section 10A(g) of the Exchange Act or the applicable rules of the SEC or the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
are categorically prohibited. All other non-audit services are reviewed to ensure that the provision of such services would not impair
the independence of our independent registered public accounting firm. Certain non-audit services that are de minimis and
otherwise meet the exception set forth in Section 10A(i)(1)(B) of the Exchange Act may not be pre-approved in all instances. 

136 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. Exhibits, Financial Statements Schedules 

(a)
Financial Statements 

See
accompanying index to Financial Statements on page F-1. 

(b)
Financial Statement Schedules 

All
schedules have been omitted because the required information is included in the financial statements or the notes thereto, or is not
applicable. 

(c)
Index to Exhibits 

The
following exhibits are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Exhibit
 Title 

2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of March 12, 2023, by and among Provention Bio, Inc., Sanofi S.A. and Zest Acquisition Sub, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on March 13, 2023). 

3.1 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Provention Bio, Inc., effective as of July 19, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on July 19, 2018). 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated By-Laws of Provention Bio, Inc., as adopted on March 9, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on March 13, 2023). 

3.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Provention Bio, Inc., effective as of May 13, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on May 14, 2021). 

4.1 
 
 Specimen Certificate representing shares of common stock of Provention (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-224801) filed on June 20, 2018). 

4.2 
 
 Form of Underwriter s Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-224801) filed on June 12, 2018). 

4.3 
 
 Form of Warrant dated April 25, 2017, issued to MDB Capital Group, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-224801) filed on May 9, 2018). 

4.4 
 
 Form of Warrant to Purchase Stock, dated as of July 7, 2022, issued by Provention Bio, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on July 8, 2022). 

4.5 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated September 15, 2022, issued by Provention Bio, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed on November 3, 2022). 

4.6 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated February 2, 2023, issued by Provention Bio, Inc. (filed herewith, Exhibit 4.6). 

4.7 
 
 Description of Registrant s Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Company s Form 10-K filed on February 24, 2022). 

10.1 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement entered into by Provention with its Officers and Directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-224801) filed on May 9, 2018). 

137 

10.2 
 
 Amended and Restated 2017 Provention Bio, Inc. Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-237113) filed on March 12, 2020). + 

10.3 
 
 Form of Stock Option Award under 2017 Provention Bio, Inc. Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-224801) filed on May 9, 2018). + 

10.4 
 
 License Agreement by and between Provention and Vactech Ltd., dated April 25, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-224801) filed on May 9, 2018). 

10.5 
 
 License, Development and Commercialization Agreement by and between Provention and Janssen Pharmaceutica NV (CSF-1R), dated April 25, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-224801) filed on May 9, 2018). 

10.6 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement between Provention and investors for an offering completed on April 25, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-224801) filed on May 9, 2018). 

10.7 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated April 25, 2017, between Provention and Ashleigh Palmer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-224801) filed on May 9, 2018). + 

10.8 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated April 25, 2017, between Provention and Francisco Leon (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-224801) filed on May 9, 2018). + 

10.9 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated June 20, 2017, between Provention and Eleanor Ramos (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-224801) filed on May 9, 2018). + 

10.10 
 
 Development Services Agreement by and between Provention and Intravacc dated March 6, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-224801) filed on May 16, 2018). 

10.11 
 
 License Agreement by and between Provention and MacroGenics, Inc. dated May 7, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-224801) filed on May 16, 2018). 

10.12 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement by and between Provention and MacroGenics, Inc. dated May 7, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-224801) filed on May 16, 2018). 

10.13 
 
 License and Collaboration Agreement by and between Provention and Amgen, Inc. dated November 5, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-38552) filed on March 19, 2019). 

10.14 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated January 7, 2020, between Provention and Jason Hoitt (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-38552) filed on January 8, 2020). + 

10.15 
 
 Provention Bio, Inc. 2020 Inducement Plan, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on May 20, 2022). + 

138 

10.16 
 
 First Amended Employment Agreement, effective May 19, 2020, between Provention and Ashleigh Palmer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on May 20, 2020). + 

10.17 
 
 First Amended Employment Agreement, effective June 10, 2020, between Provention and Francisco Leon (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Form 10-K filed on June 11, 2020). + 

10.18 
 
 First Amended Employment Agreement, effective June 9, 2020, between Provention and Eleanor Ramos (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on June 11, 2020). + 

10.19 
 
 First Amended Employment Agreement, effective June 9, 2020, between Provention and Jason Hoitt (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on June 11, 2020). + 

10.20 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated December 1, 2021, between Provention and Thierry Chauche (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to the Company s Form 10-K filed on February 24, 2022). + 

10.21 
 
 Form of Stock Option Award under Provention Bio, Inc 2020 Inducement Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed on May 6, 2021). 

10.22 
 
 Scientific Advisor Agreement, dated June 1, 2022 between Provention Bio, Inc. and Jeffery Bluestone (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on June 3, 2022). + 

10.23 
 
 Loan and Security Agreement, dated August 31, 2022, between Provention Bio, Inc. and Hercules Capital, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed on November 3, 2022). 

10.24 
 
 Amendment to First Amended Employment Agreement dated May 19, 2020, effective September 9, 2022, between Provention Bio, Inc. and Ashleigh Palmer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed on November 3, 2022). + 

10.25 
 
 Amendment to Employment Agreement dated December 11, 2021, effective September 9, 2022, between Provention Bio, Inc. and Thierry Chauche (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed on November 3, 2022). + 

10.26 
 
 Amendment to First Amended Employment Agreement dated June 9, 2020, effective September 9, 2022, between Provention Bio, Inc. and Eleanor Ramos (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed on November 3, 2022). + 

10.27 
 
 Co-Promotion Agreement, dated October 4, 2022, between Provention Bio, Inc. and Genzyme Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K/A filed on March 24, 2023). 

10.28 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated October 4, 2022, between Provention Bio, Inc. and Aventis Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 8-K/A filed on March 24, 2023). 

10.29 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Asset Purchase Agreement between Provention Bio, Inc. and MacroGenics, Inc., dated November 30, 2022 (filed herewith, Exhibit 10.29). 

10.30 
 
 First Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, dated February 2, 2023, between Provention Bio, Inc. and Hercules Capital Inc. (filed herewith, Exhibit 10.30). 

139 

10.31 
 
 Second Amendment to First Amended Employment Agreement, dated March 9, 2023, by and between Provention Bio. Inc. and Ashleigh Palmer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on March 13, 2023). + 

10.32 
 
 Second Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated March 9, 2023, by and between Provention Bio, Inc. and Thierry Chauche (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on March 13, 2023). + 

10.33 
 
 Second Amendment to First Amended Employment Agreement, dated March 9, 2023, by and between Provention Bio, Inc. and Eleanor Ramos (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on March 13, 2023). + 

10.34 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated March 12, 2023, by and between Provention Bio. Inc. and Ashleigh Palmer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on March 13, 2023). 

10.35 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated March 12, 2023, by and between Provention Bio, Inc. and Thierry Chauche (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on March 13, 2023). 

10.36 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated March 12, 2023, by and between Provention Bio, Inc. and Eleanor Ramos (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on March 13, 2023). 

23.1 
 
 Consent of EisnerAmper LLP 

31.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15(d)-14(a) (filed herewith, Exhibit 31.1). 

31.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15(d)-14(a) (filed herewith, Exhibit 31.2). 

32.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 (filed herewith, Exhibit 32.1). 

32.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 (filed herewith, Exhibit 32.2). 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data (formatted in Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

+ 
 Compensation Related Contract. 

Confidential treatment received for certain portions of this
exhibit. 

ITEM
16. Form 10-K Summary 

Not
applicable. 

140 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Registrant: 

Provention
 Bio, Inc. 

Date:
 March 29, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/
 Thierry Chauche 

Thierry Chauche 

Chief
 Financial Officer 
 (Authorized
 Officer and Principal Financial 
 Officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Ashleigh Palmer 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer), Director 
 
 March
 29, 2023 
 
 Ashleigh
 Palmer 

/s/
 Thierry Chauche 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 March
 29, 2023 
 
 Thierry
 Chauche 

/s/ Justin Vogel 
 
 Chief Accounting Officer (Principal 
 
 March
 29, 2023 
 
 Justin Vogel 
 
 Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Avery Catlin 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 29, 2023 
 
 Avery
 Catlin 

/s/
 Rita Jain 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 29, 2023 
 
 Rita
Jain 

/s/
 John Jenkins 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 29, 2023 
 
 John
 Jenkins 

/s/
 Wayne Pisano 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 29, 2023 
 
 Wayne
 Pisano 

/s/
 Nancy Wysenski 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 29, 2023 
 
 Nancy
 Wysenski 

141 

PROVENTION
BIO, INC. 

INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 
 F-2 

Audited
 Financial Statements: 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Provention Bio, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Provention
Bio, Inc. and Subsidiary (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of comprehensive
loss, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related
notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in
all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of their operations and
their cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matter 

The
critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

Accruals
for research and development expenses 

As
disclosed in the Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company is required to estimate its accrued expenses related to research and
development activities. Liabilities related to research and development were included in accrued expenses and totaled approximately 8,301,000
as of December 31, 2022. 

We
considered the auditing of accruals related to research and development activities a critical audit matter due to the complexity of estimation
of those accruals related to third party clinical research organizations (CROs) and contract manufacturing organizations (CMOs). The
complexity of the Company s estimates for these accruals was primarily due to determination of progress and direct and indirect
costs incurred under these arrangements, where invoicing under milestones may not match the timing of services provided to date. As a
result, auditor judgement was required to perform procedures and evaluate audit evidence related to the accruals for research and development
expenses. 

Our
approach to addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall
opinion on the financial statements. We obtained an understanding and evaluated the design of controls over the Company s process
for estimating research and development accruals, including controls over inputs used by management to make the estimates and the completeness
and accuracy of the data used in the estimates. Our audit procedures also included inspection of a sample of contracts, related invoices
and payments, comparing the Company s estimate of progress under arrangements to information received from vendors, including confirmation
of progress with third parties, and recalculation of progress and resulting accruals. 

/s/
EisnerAmper LLP 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2016. 

March 29, 2023 

F- 2 

PROVENTION
BIO, INC. 
CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

 (in
thousands, except share and per share data) 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Marketable securities 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventory, net 

Total current assets 

Non-current assets: 

Intangibles, net 

Marketable securities 

Fixed assets, net 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Other assets 

Total non-current assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Product milestones payable 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Deferred revenue 

Total current liabilities 

Debt, long-term 

Deferred revenue, net of current portion 

Operating lease liabilities, long-term 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 6) 
 - 
 - 

Stockholders equity: 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued or outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

PROVENTION
BIO, INC. 
CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

 (in
thousands, except per share data) 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 

Product revenues, net 

Collaboration revenues 

Total revenues 

Operating expenses: 

Cost of product revenues (excluding amortization of intangible assets) 

Research and development 

Selling, general and administrative 

Amortization of intangible assets 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Interest income, net 

Interest expense 

Loss before income tax benefit 

Income tax benefit 

Net loss 

Net loss per common share, basic and diluted 

Weighted average common shares outstanding, basic and diluted 

Net loss 

Other comprehensive loss: 

Unrealized loss on marketable securities 

Total comprehensive loss 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

PROVENTION
BIO, INC. 
CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

 (in
thousands) 

Common Stock 
 
 Accumulated 
 
 Total 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Additional Paid-In Capital 
 Other 
 Comprehensive (Loss) 
 Accumulated Deficit 
 Stockholders Equity 

Balance at December 31, 2019 

Issuance of common stock in connection with underwritten public offering, net of issuance costs 

Issuance of common stock in connection with at-the-market stock sales, net of issuance costs 

Issuance of common stock in connection with warrant exercises 

Issuance of common stock in connection with stock option exercises 

Unrealized loss on marketable securities, net of tax 

Stock-based compensation 

Net loss 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

Issuance of common stock in connection with underwritten public offering, net of issuance costs 

Issuance of common stock in connection with stock option exercises 

Unrealized loss on marketable securities, net of tax 

Stock-based compensation 

Net loss 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Balance 

Issuance of common stock in connection with private placement, net 

Issuance of common stock in connection with at-the-market stock sales, net of issuance costs 

Issuance of common stock in connection with warrant exercises 

Issuance of common stock in connection with stock option exercises 

Issuance of warrants in connection with debt issuance 

Unrealized loss on marketable securities, net of tax 

Stock-based compensation 

Net loss 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

Balance 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

PROVENTION
BIO, INC. 
CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 (in
thousands) 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 

Operating activities 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Amortization of intangible assets 

Amortization of premium and discounts on marketable securities 

Amortization of debt issuance costs and accretion of debt discount 

Non-cash operating lease expense 

Depreciation and amortization 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventory, net 

Accounts payable 

Accrued interest receivable 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Other assets 

Deferred revenue 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Investing activities 

Purchase of marketable securities 

Maturities of marketable securities 

Purchase of fixed assets 

Product milestone payments 

Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities 

Financing activities 

Proceeds from private placement, net 

Proceeds from at-the-market stock sales, net 

Proceeds from issuance of debt, long-term, net 

Proceeds from underwritten public offering, net 

Proceeds from stock option exercises 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest 

Operating cash flows used for operating leases 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash financing transactions: 

Fair value of warrants issued in connection with debt issuance 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

PROVENTION
BIO, INC. 
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (tabular
dollars and shares in thousands, except per share data) 

million . To date, the Company has financed its operations primarily through equity and debt offerings. 

The
Company has devoted substantially all of its financial resources and efforts to research and development, pre-commercial activities,
and following FDA approval of TZIELD in November 2022, commercial sales activities. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had cash, cash
equivalents and marketable securities of approximately million. 

In
September 2022, the Company received 
 million in net proceeds from the Loan and Security
Agreement (the Hercules LSA with Hercules Capital, Inc., which provides for up to 
 million of term loans in the aggregate, available
to be funded in up to five tranches. The first tranche in an amount equal to 
 million was drawn on August 31, 2022. On February
2, 2023, the Company received net proceeds of approximately 
million from the second tranche of the Hercules LSA, which became available following FDA approval of TZIELD. See Note 12 Debt
for a full description and additional details of the Company s Loan and Security Agreement with Hercules Capital, Inc. 

In
October 2022, in connection with its co-promotion agreement (the Sanofi Co-Promotion Agreement with Genzyme Corporation, a fully-owned
subsidiary of Sanofi S.A. Sanofi ), the Company granted Sanofi an exclusive, one-time right of first
negotiation to obtain exclusive rights to research, develop and commercialize teplizumab with respect to the treatment or delay of T1D,
or any of its root causes throughout the world, and to manufacture teplizumab in support of such research, development and commercialization
(the ROFN in exchange for a one-time upfront, non-refundable, payment of million. The million ROFN payment
was received in October 2022. 

Simultaneously
with the Sanofi Co-Promotion Agreement, the Company and Sanofi also entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Sanofi Securities
Purchase Agreement ), pursuant to which Sanofi agreed to purchase million of the Company s common stock at a purchase
price per share equal of the daily volume-weighted average per share price of the Company s common stock for the five consecutive
trading days prior to the closing date, which was conditioned on the FDA s approval of TZIELD for the delay
of clinical T1D in at-risk individuals. 

On
February 9, 2023, the Company elected to proceed with the closing of the Sanofi Securities Purchase Agreement, pursuant to which, on
February 10, 2023, Sanofi purchased shares of the Company s common stock at a purchase price of approximately per share, which
was equal to 
of the daily volume-weighted average price per share of the Company s common stock for the five consecutive trading days prior
to the closing date, for a total investment of 
million. See Note 6 Commitments and Contingencies for a full description and additional details of the Sanofi Securities
Purchase Agreement. 

The
Company expects to continue to incur significant expenses and increasing operating losses over the next several years due to, among other
things, cost related to the commercial launch for TZIELD, including co-promotion expenses under the Sanofi Co-promotion Agreement, as well
as costs related to research funding, development of its product candidates, strategic alliances, as well as the continued build-out
of its administrative and commercial organization. The Company s net losses may fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter
and year to year. 

The
Company s cash requirements for 2023 and into 2024 will be impacted by a number of factors, the most significant of which are the
success of its commercial launch of TZIELD, expenses related to the commercialization of TZIELD, commercial sales activities
(including the Sanofi Co-Promotion Agreement), the milestone payments due to MacroGenics, Inc. MacroGenics ), the PROTECT clinical trial and manufacturing activities for TZIELD. Other factors include costs related to
the Company s other ongoing clinical trials, such as the Phase 2b PROACTIVE clinical study of ordesekimab in celiac disease and the
Phase 2a PREVAIL-2 clinical study of PRV-3279 in lupus. 

The
Company believes, based on its current operating plans, which include the Company s commercial launch of TZIELD, and other
factors described above, that its cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities of million
as of December 31, 2022, together with the million
received in February 2023 under the Sanofi Securities Purchase Agreement (as defined below) and the net proceeds of approximately
 
million received from the second tranche of the Hercules LSA in February 2023, will be sufficient to fund the Company s
operating requirements for at least the next 12 months from the issuance of these financial statements. The Company has based these
estimates on assumptions that may differ from actual results, and the Company s available capital resources could be consumed
faster than it currently expects. Factors that could impact the Company s cash runway, which may cause the Company to
encounter future liquidity needs if it does not raise additional capital, include, but are not limited to, the success of the
Company s commercial launch for TZIELD and the Company s ability to continue to generate product revenues from sales of
TZIELD as well as potential changes to estimated costs of commercialization which include the Company s commitments under the
Sanofi Co-Promotion Agreement. 

The
Company will need to raise additional capital to fund its operations, to execute its strategy and to continue as a going concern. The
Company currently plans to raise additional capital, subject to any reasonable restrictions in the Merger Agreement, through public or private equity or debt financings, or potential out-licensing
transactions. Such additional funding will be necessary to continue to develop the Company s product candidates, to pursue the
license or purchase of other technologies, to commercialize TZIELD or its product candidates or to purchase other products. The
Company may seek to sell common or preferred equity or convertible debt securities, enter into other credit facilities or another
form of third-party funding, or seek other debt financing. In addition, the Company may consider raising additional capital to fund
operating activities, to expand its business, to pursue strategic investments, to take advantage of financing opportunities, or for
other reasons. The sale of equity and convertible debt securities may result in dilution to the Company s stockholders and
those securities may have rights senior to those of the Company s common stock. If the Company raises additional funds through
the issuance of preferred stock, convertible debt securities or other debt financing, these securities or other debt could contain
covenants that would restrict the Company s operations. Any other third-party funding arrangement could require the Company to
relinquish valuable rights. The Company may require additional capital beyond its currently anticipated needs. Additional capital
may not be available on reasonable terms, or at all. If the Company is unable to obtain sufficient additional funds when required,
it may be forced to delay, restrict or eliminate all or a portion of its development programs, halt commercial sales activities for
TZIELD, dispose of assets or technology or cease operations. 

operating and reporting segment. 

In
October 2021, the Company incorporated Provention Bio Limited, a wholly owned private limited subsidiary, in the United Kingdom. The
Company incorporated this subsidiary to facilitate the potential future submission of a Marketing Authorization Application MAA for teplizumab, to the Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency MHRA ). 

Customer B 

Customer C 

On
a quarterly basis, the Company reviews the status of each security in an unrealized loss position, to evaluate the existence of potential
credit losses. The Company first considers whether it intends to sell, or if it is more likely than not that the Company will be required
to sell the security before recovery of its amortized cost basis. If either of the criteria regarding intent or requirement to sell is
met, the security s amortized cost basis is written down to fair value through income. For securities that do not meet this criteria,
the Company considers a number of factors to determine if the decline in fair value has resulted from credit losses or other factors,
including but not limited to: (1) the extent of the decline; (2) changes to the rating of the security by a rating agency; (3) any adverse
conditions specific to the security; and (4) other market conditions that may affect the fair value of the security. If this assessment
indicates that a credit loss exists and the present value of cash flows expected to be collected is less than the amortized cost basis,
an allowance for credit losses is required for the credit loss. Any impairment that has not been recorded through an allowance for credit
losses is recognized in other comprehensive (loss) income. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has not recognized any impairment or
credit losses on its available for sale securities. 

, using the straight-line method. Amortization of leasehold improvements is recorded over the shorter of
the lease term or estimated useful life of the related asset. 

Revenues
from product sales are recorded at the net sales price, or transaction price, which includes estimates of variable consideration that
result from (a) invoice discounts for prompt payment and distribution fees, (b) government rebates, such as Medicaid and Tricare, (c)
estimated chargebacks, including the Public Health Service 340B drug pricing program chargebacks, and (d) costs of co-pay assistance
programs for patients. These reserves are based on the amounts earned or to be claimed on the related
sales and are classified as reductions of accounts receivable, net (prompt pay discounts and chargebacks) or as accrued expenses and
other current liabilities (rebates, co-payment assistance and distributor fees). Where appropriate, these estimates take into
consideration a range of possible outcomes which are probability-weighted for relevant factors such as the Company s historical
experience, current contractual and statutory requirements, specific known market events and trends, industry data and forecasted customer
buying and payment patterns. Overall, these reserves reflect the Company s best estimates of the amount of consideration to which
it is entitled based on the terms of the applicable contract. The amount of variable consideration included in the transaction price
may be constrained and is included in the net sales price only to the extent that it is probable that a significant reversal in the amount
of the cumulative revenue recognized will not occur in a future period. Actual amounts of consideration ultimately received may differ
from the Company s estimates. If actual results in the future vary from estimates, the Company adjusts these estimates, which would
affect net product revenue and earnings in the period such variances become known. 

Invoice
Discounts and Distribution Fees 

The
Company provides invoice discounts on product sales to its specialty pharmacies for remitting payment on their purchases within established
incentive periods. Distribution fees relate to fees paid to customers in the distribution channel that provide the Company with inventory
management, data and distribution services and are generally accounted for as a reduction of revenue. To the extent that the services
received are distinct from the Company s sale of products to the customers, these payments are accounted for as selling, general
and administrative expenses. Reserves for prompt payment discounts and distribution fees are recorded in the same period the related
revenue is recognized, resulting in a reduction of product revenue and accounts receivable, net, or as an increase in current liabilities,
respectively. 

Rebates 

The
Company contracts with government agencies (its Third-party Payers so that TZIELD will be eligible for purchase by, or
partial reimbursement from, such Third-party Payers. The Company estimates the rebates it will provide to Third-Party Payers and deducts
these estimated amounts from total gross product revenues at the time the revenues are recognized. These reserves are recorded in the
same period in which the revenue is recognized, resulting in a reduction of product revenue and the establishment of a current liability.
The current liability is included in accrued expenses and other current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. The Company estimates
the rebates that it will provide to Third-Party Payers based upon (i) the Company s contracts with these Third-Party Payers, (ii)
the government mandated discounts applicable to government-funded programs, (iii) a range of possible outcomes that are probability-weighted
for the estimated payor mix, and (iv) historical experience. 

Chargebacks 

Chargebacks
are discounts that occur when certain contracted customers, currently PHS eligible institutions and other federal government entities
purchasing via the Federal Supply Schedule, purchase directly from the Company s distributors. Contracted customers generally purchase
the product at a discounted price and the specialty distributor or specialty pharmacy, in turn, charges back to the Company the difference
between the price the distributor initially paid, and the discounted price paid by the contracted customers. The Company estimates chargebacks
provided to the Company s distributors and deducts these estimated amounts from gross product revenues, and from accounts receivable,
net, at the time revenues are recognized. 

Co-pay
Assistance 

Patients
who have commercial insurance and meet certain eligibility requirements may receive co-payment assistance. Based upon the terms of the
program and information regarding programs provided for similar specialty pharmaceutical products, the Company estimates the average
co-pay mitigation amounts and the percentage of patients that it expects to participate in the program in order to establish accruals
for co-payment assistance. These reserves are recorded in the same period in which the related revenue is recognized, resulting in a
reduction of product revenue. The Company adjusts its accruals for co-pay assistance based on actual redemption activity and estimates
of future redemptions related to sales in the current period. 

Allowances for prior period sales 

Payments and credits 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

Balance as of December 31, 2020 

Balance Beginning 

Allowances for current period sales 

Allowances for prior period sales 

Payments and credits 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Balance Ending 

Component of accrued expenses 

Total sales allowances and related costs 

Collaboration
revenue 

At
the inception of a collaboration agreement, the Company first assesses whether the contractual agreement is within the scope of ASC 808,
 Collaborative Arrangements by evaluating whether the agreement involves a joint operating activity and involves two (or more)
parties that are both active participants in the activity and exposed to significant risks and rewards dependent on the commercial success
of such activity. Then the Company determines whether the collaboration agreement in its entirety represents a contract with a customer
as defined by ASC 606. If only a portion of the collaboration agreement is potentially with a customer, the Company applies the distinct
good or service unit-of-account guidance in ASC 606 to determine whether there is a unit of account that should be accounted for under
ASC 606. 

In
accordance with ASC 606, the Company recognizes revenue when its customer obtains control of promised goods or services, in an amount
that reflects the consideration which the entity expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. To determine revenue recognition
for arrangements that the Company determines are within the scope of ASC 606, the Company performs the five steps mentioned above. 

From
time to time, the Company enters into licensing agreements that are within the scope of ASC 606, under which it may license rights to
research, develop and commercialize its product candidates to third parties. The terms of these collaborative research and development
agreements typically include non-refundable, upfront license fees; reimbursement for research and development activities; development,
regulatory and commercial milestone payments; and royalties on net sales of commercialized products. The Company may also enter into
development and manufacturing service agreements with its collaborators. For each arrangement, at contract inception, the Company identifies
all performance obligations, which may include a license to intellectual property and know-how, research and development activities,
transition activities and/or manufacturing services and determines if each performance obligation is distinct. In order to determine
the transaction price, in addition to any upfront payment, the Company estimates the amount of variable consideration at the outset of
the contract either utilizing the expected value or most likely amount method, depending on the facts and circumstances relative to the
contract. The Company constrains the estimates of variable consideration such that it is probable that a significant reversal of previously
recognized revenue will not occur. When determining if variable consideration should be constrained, management considers whether there
are factors outside the Company s control that could result in a significant reversal of revenue. These estimates are re-assessed
each reporting period as required. 

Once
the estimated transaction price is established, amounts are allocated to the performance obligations that have been identified. The transaction
price is generally allocated to each separate performance obligation on a relative standalone selling price basis, which requires the
use of assumptions and judgement. Standalone selling prices used to perform the initial allocation are not updated after contract inception.
 The Company then recognizes as revenue the amount of the transaction price that is allocated to
the respective performance obligation when or as the performance obligation is satisfied. 

Amounts
received prior to revenue recognition are recorded as deferred revenue. Amounts expected to be recognized as revenue within the 12 months
following the balance sheet date are classified as current portion of deferred revenue in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.
Amounts not expected to be recognized as revenue within the 12 months following the balance sheet date are classified as deferred revenue,
net of current portion. Refer to Note 6 Commitments and Contingencies, for specific details regarding the Company s collaboration
agreements. 

In
August 2018, the FASB issued ASU No. 2018-13, Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820) , which modifies the disclosure requirements on
fair value measurements in Topic 820, Fair Value Measurement, including, among other changes, the consideration of costs and benefits
when evaluating disclosure requirements. Effective January 1, 2020, the Company adopted ASU 2018-13. The adoption had no impact on the
Company s consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

In
August 2018, the FASB issued ASU No. 2018-15, Intangibles - Goodwill and Other - Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40): Customer s
Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement That Is a Service Contract (a consensus of the FASB
Emerging Issues Task Force). ASU 2018-15 aligns the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred in a hosting arrangement
that is a service contract with the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred to develop or obtain internal-use software
(and hosting arrangements that include an internal-use software license). Effective January 1, 2020, the Company adopted ASU 2018-15.
The adoption had no impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

In
November 2018, the FASB issued ASU No. 2018-18, Collaborative Arrangements (Topic 808) , which clarifies the interaction between
the guidance for collaborative arrangements (Topic 808) and the new revenue recognition standard (Topic 606). Effective January 1, 2020,
the Company adopted ASU 2018-18. The adoption had no impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

In
May 2021, the FASB issued ASU No. 2021-04, Earnings Per Share (Topic 260), Debt - Modifications and Extinguishments (Subtopic 470-50),
Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718), and Derivatives and Hedging - Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40):
Issuer s Accounting for Certain Modifications or Exchanges of Freestanding Equity-Classified Written Call Options (ASU 2021-04) .
This new standard provides clarification and reduces diversity in an issuer s accounting for modifications or exchanges of freestanding
equity-classified written call options (such as warrants) that remain equity classified after modification or exchange. Effective January
1, 2022, the Company adopted ASU 2021-04 on a prospective basis. The adoption had no impact on the Company s consolidated financial
statements and related disclosures. 

In
September 2022, the FASB issued ASU No. 2022-04, Liabilities-Supplier Finance Programs (Topic 405) . This ASU provided guidance
to increase the transparency of supplier finance programs. The amendments in this ASU require that a buyer in a supplier finance program
disclose sufficient information about the program to allow a user of financial statements to understand the program s nature, activity
during the period, changes from period to period, and potential magnitude. This update is effective for fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2022, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adoption may
have on its financial statements, which it expects may only have a disclosure impact. 

shares of common stock, par value per share, of which 
and shares, respectively, were issued and outstanding. In addition, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had authorized
 shares of preferred stock, par value per share, of which were issued and outstanding. 

July
2022 Private Placement 

In
July 2022, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with certain institutional purchasers, pursuant to which the Company
sold, in a private placement, shares of common stock and warrants to acquire additional shares of common stock
for aggregate gross proceeds of approximately million, based on an offering price of for each share plus one warrant (the
 July 2022 Private Placement ). The warrants will expire from the closing date of the transaction, have an exercise
price of per share and are immediately exercisable upon issuance, subject to other limitations on exercise as described in the
warrants. Net proceeds from the transaction were million after deducting fees for the placement agent of million and other
offering expenses of million. 

2021
ATM Program 

The
Company has established an at-the-market program (the 2021 ATM Program through which the Company may sell, from time to
time at its sole discretion, up to million of shares of its common stock. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
sold shares of its common stock for aggregate net proceeds of million, net of million in sales commissions and
other offering expenses, under the 2021 ATM Program, all of which occurred during the quarters ended June 30, 2022 and September 30,
2022. 

January
2021 Public Offering 

In
January 2021, the Company completed an underwritten public offering in which it sold shares of common stock at a public offering
price of per share. In February 2021, the underwriters partially exercised their option to purchase an additional shares
at a price of per share. In the aggregate, total net proceeds from this underwritten public offering were million, after
deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of million and other offering expenses of million. 

June
2020 Public Offering 

In
June 2020, the Company completed an underwritten public offering in which it sold shares of common stock at a public offering
price of per share. The shares sold included the full exercise of the underwriters option to purchase 
shares at a price of per share. The Company received net proceeds from the underwritten public offering of million, after
deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of approximately million and other offering expenses of million. 

2019
ATM Program 

In
August 2019, the Company established an at-the-market program (the 2019 ATM Program through which the Company may sell,
from time to time at its sole discretion, up to million of shares of its common stock. In February 2021, the Company established
the 2021 ATM Program. In connection with the establishment of the 2021 ATM Program, the Company terminated the 2019 ATM Program, and
no additional stock may be issued thereunder. Prior to its termination, the Company sold shares of its common stock for aggregate
net proceeds of approximately million, net of million in sales commissions, under the 2019 ATM Program, all of which occurred
during the quarter ended June 30, 2020. 

million and million, respectively, and included
cash and investments in money market funds, U.S. Treasury securities and investment-grade corporate debt securities with original maturities
of 90 days or less. 

The
Company considers securities with original maturities of greater than 90 days at the date of purchase to be available for sale securities.
The Company held available for sale securities with a fair value totaling million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. These available for sale securities consisted solely of investment-grade corporate debt securities, U.S. Treasury securities
and U.S. Government agency securities and have expected maturities ranging from approximately one month to approximately 10 months. The
Company may sell certain of its marketable securities prior to their stated maturities for reasons including, but not limited to, managing
liquidity, credit risk, duration and asset allocation. 

The
Company evaluates securities with unrealized losses, if any, to determine whether the decline in fair value has resulted from credit
loss or other factors. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has not recognized any impairment or credit losses on the Company s
available for sale securities. While the Company classifies these securities as available for sale, the Company does not intend to sell
its investments and based on its current plans, the Company currently believes it has the ability to hold these investments until maturity. 

Money market funds 

U.S. Treasury securities 

Corporate debt securities 

Total cash and cash equivalents 

Marketable securities, current 

U.S. Treasury securities 

Corporate debt securities 

U.S. Government agency securities 

Total marketable securities 

Total cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities 

December 31, 2021 

Amortized Cost 
 Gross Unrealized Gains 
 Gross Unrealized Losses 
 Fair Value 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Cash 

Money market funds 

Total cash and cash equivalents 

Marketable securities, current 

Corporate debt securities 

Marketable securities, non-current 

Corporate debt securities 

Total marketable securities 

Total cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities 

The
Company s available for sale securities are reported at fair value on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. Unrealized
gains (losses) are reported within accumulated other comprehensive loss in the consolidated statements of comprehensive loss. The cost
of securities sold and any realized gains/losses from the sale of available for sale securities are based on the specific identification
method. The changes in accumulated other comprehensive loss associated with the unrealized loss on available for sale securities during
the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, were as follows: 

Current period changes in fair value before reclassifications, net of tax 

Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax 

Other comprehensive loss 

Ending balance 

shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of per share. The Company is obligated to
pay MacroGenics contingent milestone payments totaling million upon the achievement of certain regulatory approval milestones,
including million which became payable on November 17, 2022 when the FDA approved TZIELD to delay the onset of Stage 3 T1D in adult
and pediatric patients aged eight years and older with Stage 2 T1D. This milestone is for the first indication approved in the United
States. In addition, the Company is obligated to make contingent milestone payments to MacroGenics totaling million upon the achievement
of certain sales milestones. The Company is also obligated to pay MacroGenics a single-digit royalty on net sales of the product. The
Company has also agreed to pay third-party obligations, including low single-digit royalties, a portion of which is creditable against
royalties payable to MacroGenics, aggregate milestone payments of up to approximately million and other consideration, for certain
third-party intellectual property under agreements the Company assumed pursuant to the MacroGenics Asset Purchase Agreement. Further,
the Company is required to pay MacroGenics a low double-digit percentage of certain consideration to the extent it is received in connection
with a future grant of rights to teplizumab by the Company to a third party. The Company is obligated to use reasonable commercial efforts
to develop and seek regulatory approval for teplizumab. 

In
November 2022, the Company and MacroGenics entered into Amendment No. 1 to the MacroGenics Asset Purchase Agreement (the MacroGenics
Amendment ). Pursuant to the MacroGenics Amendment, the million milestone payment related to the achievement of FDA approval
of TZIELD to delay the onset of Stage 3 T1D in adult and pediatric patients aged either year or older with Stage 2 T1D was revised to
require the amount to be paid in four equal installments rather than within 90 days of FDA approval. Under the MacroGenics Amendment,
the Company paid million to MacroGenics on November 30, 2022, and is required to pay MacroGenics million on each of March
1, 2023, June 1, 2023 and September 1, 2023. As of December 31, 2022, the remaining million payable to MacroGenics is recorded
within Product milestones payable in the Company s consolidated balance sheets. 

On
October 4, 2022, the Company entered into the Sanofi Co-Promotion
Agreement. Pursuant to the Sanofi Co-Promotion Agreement, the Company appointed Sanofi
to co-promote and conduct certain commercialization activities with respect to TZIELD in the United States on a co-exclusive basis for
the treatment to delay the onset of Stage 3 T1D in adult and pediatric patients aged eight years and older with Stage 2 T1D. The Company
also committed to reimburse the field force-related expenses and certain other allowable expenses that Sanofi will incur in connection
with commercializing TZIELD under the agreement, up to an aggregate cap of million, which includes a pre-determined margin on field
force-related expenses. Pursuant to the Sanofi Co-Promotion Agreement, the Company also granted Sanofi an exclusive, one-time right of
first negotiation to obtain exclusive rights to research, develop and commercialize TZIELD with respect to the treatment or delay of
T1D, or any of its root causes throughout the world, and to manufacture TZIELD in support of such research, development and commercialization in exchange for a one-time, upfront, non-refundable payment of million, and subject to certain retained
rights of the Company to engage in discussions with third parties with respect to certain transactions Third Party Transactions ).
Sanofi may exercise the ROFN until June 30, 2023 (the Initial ROFN Period ), and the Initial
ROFN Period may be extended at Sanofi s election, upon payment of a one-time extension fee, to the later of (i) September 30, 2023,
and (ii) 60 days after the Company delivers to Sanofi the top-line data for an identified clinical trial sponsored by the Company (the
 Data Delivery Date ). Within six months following the later of the expiration of (x) the Initial ROFN Period, and (y) any
extension to the Initial ROFN Period pursuant to the terms of the Sanofi Co-Promotion Agreement, the Company may not enter into a Third
Party Transaction on terms that are materially less favorable in the aggregate to the Company than the most recent terms Sanofi offered,
if any, without first permitting Sanofi to execute an agreement with the Company on either such terms previously offered by Sanofi or
the terms offered by such third party. 

The
activities of the Company and Sanofi under the Sanofi Co-Promotion Agreement in the United States will be overseen by a joint steering
committee composed of representatives from the Company and Sanofi. Under the Sanofi Co-Promotion Agreement, subject to any execution
of a definitive agreement following an exercise of the ROFN, the Company will retain the right to develop, manufacture, supply and distribute,
as well as determine the commercialization strategy for, TZIELD and will remain responsible for the costs of holding and maintaining
regulatory approval of, reporting adverse events relating to, developing, manufacturing, supplying and distributing TZIELD. The term
of the Sanofi Co-Promotion Agreement expires on December 31, 2023. Subject to specified notice periods and limitations, (a) Sanofi may
terminate the Sanofi Co-Promotion Agreement early if regulatory approval for TZIELD either is not obtained in the United States by December
31, 2022 or is obtained but later withdrawn or the Company undergoes a change of control with a major biopharmaceutical company with
a certain level of financial resources and (b) either the Company or Sanofi may terminate the Sanofi Co-Promotion Agreement early if
(i) the other party commits an uncured material breach, (ii) the other party undergoes a bankruptcy event, (iii) there is a material
safety event associated with teplizumab, or (iv) there is a prolonged delay in performance due to a force majeure event. 

Simultaneously,
the Company and Sanofi also entered into the Sanofi Securities Purchase Agreement. Pursuant to the Sanofi Securities Purchase
Agreement, if the BLA submitted to the FDA for the delay of clinical T1D in at-risk individuals is approved by the FDA, Sanofi has
agreed to purchase 
million of the Company s common stock at a purchase price per share equal 
of the daily volume-weighted average per share price of the Company s common stock for the five consecutive trading days prior
to the closing date. On February 9, 2023, the Company elected to proceed with the closing of the Sanofi Securities Purchase
Agreement, pursuant to which, on February 10, 2023, Sanofi purchased shares of the Company s common stock at a
purchase price of approximately per share, which was equal to of the daily volume-weighted average price per share of
the Company s common stock for the five consecutive trading days prior to the closing date, for a total investment of 
million. 

The
Company evaluated the Sanofi Co-Promotion Agreement under the provisions of ASC 606 and identified one material promise: grant of the
ROFN for TZIELD. The Company determined that the transaction price of the Sanofi Co-Promotion Agreement was million, consisting
solely of the one-time, upfront, non-refundable payment, which was received in October 2022. The total transaction price was allocated
to the single identified performance obligation. The Company determined that Sanofi s option to extend the Initial ROFN period
for one-time extension payment constitutes a marketing offer, as it did not represent a material right, and the additional payment will
be recognized only when Sanofi exercises its option to extend the ROFN period. The Company recognizes collaboration revenue for the Sanofi
Co-Promotion Agreement using a time elapsed output method and will recognize the million upfront payment on a straight-line basis
over the Initial ROFN period from October 4, 2022 through June 30, 2023. The Company recognized collaboration revenue of million
during the year ended December 31, 2022. collaboration revenue was recognized during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. Total
deferred revenue at December 31, 2022 from the Sanofi Co-Promotion Agreement was million. 

PRV-3279-related
Agreements 

In
May 2018, the Company entered into a License Agreement with MacroGenics (the MacroGenics License Agreement ), pursuant to
which MacroGenics granted the Company exclusive global rights for the purpose of developing and commercializing MGD010 (renamed PRV-3279),
a humanized protein and a potential treatment for systemic lupus erythematosus SLE and other similar diseases. As partial
consideration for the MacroGenics License Agreement, the Company granted MacroGenics a warrant to purchase shares of the Company s
common stock at an exercise price of per share. The Company is obligated to make contingent milestone payments to MacroGenics totaling
 million upon the achievement of certain developmental and approval milestones for the first indication, of which, the Company paid
 million to MacroGenics in April 2022. This payment was triggered upon the enrollment of the first patient in the Phase 2a PREVAIL-2
study. The Company is also obligated to make contingent milestone payments totaling million upon the achievement of certain regulatory
approvals for a second indication, and up to million upon the achievement of certain sales milestones. The Company has also agreed
to pay MacroGenics a single-digit royalty on net sales of the product. Further, the Company is required to pay MacroGenics a low double-digit
percentage of certain consideration to the extent received in connection with a future grant of rights to PRV-3279 by the Company to
a third party. In connection with the Company s grant of certain rights for PRV-3279 to Hangzhou Zhongmei Huadong Pharmaceutical
Co., Ltd. Huadong under the Huadong License Agreement (as defined below), in May 2021, the Company paid million
to MacroGenics related to qualified consideration, as defined in the MacroGenics License Agreement, that the Company received
from Huadong. See below for further description of the Huadong License Agreement. 

The
Company is obligated to use commercially reasonable efforts to develop and seek regulatory approval for PRV-3279. The license agreement
may be terminated by either party upon a material breach or bankruptcy of the other party, by the Company without cause upon prior notice
to MacroGenics, and by MacroGenics in the event that the Company challenges the validity of any licensed patent under the agreement. 

In
February 2021, the Company entered into a License Agreement with Hangzhou Zhongmei Huadong Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., a wholly-owned subsidiary
of Huadong Medicine Co., Ltd. (the Huadong License Agreement ), pursuant to which the Company granted Huadong exclusive
rights for the purpose of developing and commercializing PRV-3279, a DART (bispecific antibody-based molecule) targeting the B cell
surface proteins CD32B and CD79B, in Greater China (mainland China, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan). Provention Bio will retain exclusive
worldwide rights to develop PRV-3279 for combination uses to reduce the immunogenicity of biotherapeutics, but Huadong will have the
exclusive right to distribute PRV-3279 in that field in Greater China. In consideration of the license and other rights granted as part
of the Huadong License Agreement, the Company received an upfront payment of million and has the ability to receive up to 
million in research, development and manufacturing funding. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has received an aggregate of million
in research, development and manufacturing funding under the Huadong License Agreement, including million received during the year
ended December 31, 2022. If Huadong successfully develops, obtains regulatory approval for, and commercializes PRV-3279 in Greater China,
the Company is eligible to receive up to million in regulatory milestones and up to million in commercial milestones based
on aggregate net sales in a calendar year in Greater China. If commercialized, the Company would also be eligible to receive low double-digit
royalties on net sales of PRV-3279 by Huadong in Greater China. The License Agreement may be terminated by either party upon a material
breach or bankruptcy of the other party, by Huadong without cause upon at least 12 months prior notice to the Company, and by the Company
in the event Huadong challenges a licensed patent or in the event that the Company s upstream license terminates. The Company may
also terminate the License Agreement if Huadong ceases commercialization of PRV-3279 for a consecutive period of six months after first
commercial sale. The Company is generally responsible for the manufacturing of PRV-3279 through regulatory approval in Greater China
and Huadong will exclusively purchase all clinical and commercial supply requirements of PRV-3279 from the Company until Huadong exercises
its option to assume manufacturing responsibilities, which may be triggered after regulatory approval in China. The Company will retain
all rights to PRV-3279 in the rest of the world. The Company initiated a Phase 2a trial of PRV-3279 in systemic lupus erythematosus in
January 2022 and is conducting a portion of this trial in Hong Kong. 

The
Company evaluated the Huadong License Agreement under the provisions of ASC 606 and identified the following three material promises:
(1) the license of rights to PRV-3279 in Greater China, (2) the performance of clinical research activities and (3) manufacturing process
improvements. The Company concluded that the performance obligations were not distinct and consequently do not have value on a standalone
basis. Accordingly, they were determined to represent one performance obligation. The Company determined that the transaction price of
the Huadong License Agreement was million, consisting of the million up-front payment and million of the research, development
and manufacturing funding expected to be received, which would not result in a significant reversal of revenue in a future period. The
total transaction price was allocated to the single identified performance obligation. The regulatory and sales event-based milestone
payments represent variable consideration, and the Company used the most likely amount method to estimate this variable consideration
because the potential milestone payment is a binary event, as the Company will either receive the milestone payment or it will not. Given
the high degree of uncertainty around achievement of these milestones, the Company determined the milestone amounts to be fully constrained
and will not recognize revenue until the uncertainty associated with these payments is resolved. Any consideration related to royalties
will be recognized if and when the related sales occur. The Company re-assesses the transaction price in each reporting period and when
events whose outcomes are resolved or other changes in circumstances occur. 

The
Company recognizes collaboration revenue using a cost-based input method according to costs incurred to date compared to estimated total
costs of the clinical research activities over the period which the activities are performed under the agreement, which began in mid-2021 and are currently
expected to occur through the second half of 2024. The Company recognized collaboration revenue of million during the year ended December 31, 2022, all of which was included in the
deferred revenue balance of million as of December 31, 2021. The Company recognized collaboration revenue of million during
the years ended December 31, 2021. No collaboration revenue was recognized during the year ended December 31,
2020. Total deferred revenue at December 31, 2022 from the Huadong License Agreement was million. 

Ordesekimab-related Agreements 

In
November 2018, the Company entered into a License and Collaboration Agreement (the Amgen Agreement with Amgen, Inc. Amgen for ordesekimab (also known as AMG 714), a novel anti-IL-15 monoclonal antibody being developed for the treatment of gluten-free
diet non-responsive celiac disease NRCD ). Under the terms of the agreement, the Company will conduct and fund a Phase
2b trial in NRCD and lead the development and regulatory activities for the program. Amgen agreed to make an equity investment of up
to million in the Company, subject to certain terms and conditions set forth in the agreement. Amgen is also responsible for the
manufacturing of ordesekimab. Upon completion of the Phase 2b trial, a million milestone payment is due from Amgen to the Company
upon exercise of Amgen s option to continue development of the program, plus an additional potential regulatory milestone payment,
and single digit royalties on future sales; provided, however, that Amgen has the right to elect not to pay the million milestone,
in which case the Company will have an option to negotiate for the transfer to the Company of rights to AMG 714 pursuant to a termination
license agreement between Amgen and the Company and no additional royalties or milestones would be due from Amgen. The material terms
of the termination license agreement have been negotiated and agreed and form part of the Amgen Agreement. Under the terms of the termination
license agreement, the Company would be obligated to make certain contingent milestone payments to Amgen and other third parties totaling
up to million upon the achievement of certain clinical and regulatory milestones and a low double-digit royalty on net sales of
any approved product based on the IL-15 technology. The agreement may be terminated by either party upon a material breach or upon an
insolvency event and by Amgen if the Company is not able to fund our clinical development obligations (among other termination triggers).
The agreement expires upon the expiration of Amgen s last obligation to make royalty payments to Provention. In September 2019,
in a private placement completed concurrently with the Company s underwritten public offering, Amgen purchased shares
of the Company s common stock at the underwritten public offering price of per share, for a total investment of million. 

PRV-101-related
Agreements 

In
April 2017, the Company entered into a License Agreement with Vactech Ltd. (the Vactech License Agreement ), pursuant to
which Vactech Ltd. Vactech granted the Company exclusive global rights for the purpose of developing and commercializing
the group B coxsackievirus vaccine CVB platform technology. In consideration of the licenses and other rights granted
by Vactech, the Company issued two million shares of its common stock to Vactech. The Company recorded the issuance of the shares at
their estimated fair value of approximately per share, for a total of million as a license fee expense included as part of
research and development expense for the year ended December 31, 2017. Provention paid Vactech a total of approximately million
for transition and advisory services during the first 18 months of the term of the agreement. In addition, Provention may be obligated
to make a series of contingent milestone payments to Vactech totaling up to an additional million upon the achievement of certain
clinical development and regulatory filing milestones, of which the Company paid million to
Vactech in April 2021. This payment was triggered upon the dosing of the first patient in the Phase 1 PROVENT study, which occurred in
January 2021 . In addition, the Company has agreed to pay Vactech tiered single-digit royalties on net sales of any approved product
based on the CVB platform technology and three additional payments totaling million upon the achievement of certain annual net
sales levels. The Vactech License Agreement may be terminated by the Company on a country-by-country basis without cause (in which case
the exclusive global rights to the technology will transfer back to Vactech) and by either party upon a material breach or insolvency
of the other party. If the Company terminates the agreement with respect to two or more specified European countries, the agreement will
be deemed terminated with respect to all of the European Union, and if the Company terminates the agreement with respect to the United
States, the agreement will be deemed terminated with respect to all of North America. The agreement expires upon the expiration of the
Company s last obligation to make royalty payments to Vactech. 

Legal
Proceedings 

On August 8, 2022, a
shareholder derivative complaint (the Complaint was filed in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware naming
Chief Executive Officer Ashleigh Palmer, retired and former Chief Financial Officer Andrew Drechsler, former directors Jeffrey
Bluestone and Sean Doherty, and directors Avery Catlin, John Jenkins, Wayne Pisano, and Nancy Wysenski as defendants (the
 Individual Defendants (the Delaware Derivative Action ). The Company is named as a nominal defendant.
The Complaint
alleges: (1) breaches of fiduciary duty against all Individual Defendants in connection with disclosures made regarding the TZIELD
BLA and TZIELD s commercialization timeline; and (2) unjust enrichment. The Delaware Derivative Action seeks unspecified
damages from the Individual Defendants in favor of the Company and an order directing the Company to take all necessary actions to
reform and improve the Company s corporate governance and internal procedures, among other forms of relief. 

On October 28, 2022, the Company the Individual Defendants filed a motion to dismiss the Complaint. On January 20,
2023, in response to the motion to dismiss, the shareholder plaintiff filed an amended complaint (the Amended Complaint alleging substantially similar claims and seeking the same relief. The Company s and the Individual Defendants response to
the Amended Complaint was filed on March 17, 2023. 

The
Company is unable at this time to determine whether the outcomes of this litigation would have a material impact on its results of
operations, financial condition or cash flows. The Company does not have contingency reserves established for any litigation liabilities. 

Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding, basic and diluted 

Net loss per share of common stock, basic and diluted 

Warrants 

Finish goods 

Total inventory, net 

Inventory
is stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value and consists of work-in-progress and finished goods held for sale. The Company
began capitalizing inventory costs following FDA approval of TZIELD in November 2022. As of December 31, 2022, inventory reserves of
approximately million were recorded for excess or obsolete inventory. No inventory reserves were recorded as of December 31, 2021.
The Company currently uses a limited number of third-party CMOs to produce its inventory. 

Accrued compensation 

Accrued commercial costs 

Accrued professional fees 

Accrued inventory costs 

Accrued interest payable 

Accrued sales allowances and related costs 

Accrued royalty payable 

Other accrued liabilities 

Total accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Investments in U.S. Treasury securities 2 

Investments in U.S. Government agency securities 2 

Investments in corporate debt securities 2 

December
 31, 2021 

Financial
 Instruments Carried at Fair Value 

Quoted
 prices in 

active
 markets 

Significant
 other 

Significant

for 
 identical
 items 

observable
 inputs 

unobservable 
 inputs 

(Level
 1) 

(Level
 2) 

(Level
 3) 

Total 

Assets: 

Cash
 and cash equivalents 1 

Investments
 in corporate debt securities 2 

1 

2 

shares
of common stock outstanding under the 2017 Plan. Options issued under the 2017 Plan are exercisable for up to years from the date
of issuance. 

In
2018, the Company amended and restated its 2017 Plan to, among other things, include an evergreen provision, which would automatically
increase . 

In
connection with the evergreen provisions of the 2017 Plan, the number of shares available for issuance under the 2017 Plan was increased
by shares, as determined by the board of directors under the provisions described above, effective as of January 1, 2023. As
of December 31, 2022, there were shares available for future grants. 

In
October 2020, the Company adopted the Provention Bio, Inc. 2020 Inducement Plan (the 2020 Inducement Plan ). Pursuant to
the terms of the 2020 Inducement Plan, the Company may grant non-statutory stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock
unit awards and restricted stock for up to a total of shares of common stock to individuals that were not previously an employee
or director of the Company or individuals returning to employment after a bona fide period of non-employment with the Company. In May
2022, the Company amended its 2020 Inducement Plan to increase the number of shares available for issuance by shares, increasing
the total number of shares available for issuance under the plan to shares. As of December 31, 2022, there were options to
purchase shares of common stock outstanding under the 2020 Inducement Plan and shares available for future grants.
 Options issued under the 2020 Inducement Plan are exercisable
for up to years from the date of issuance. 

Stock-based
compensation 

Research and development 

Total stock-based compensation expense 

Option
activity 

The
Company grants options with service-based vesting requirements as well as options with performance-based vesting requirements. Generally,
the service-based requirements vest over a four-year period in multiple tranches. Each tranche of the performance-based component vests
upon the achievement of a specific milestone. These milestones are related to the Company s clinical trials, manufacturing activities,
regulatory activities, commercial activities and certain other performance metrics. 

years 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited or expired 

Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

years 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited or expired 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

years 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

years 

The
weighted average grant-date fair value of options granted during the year ended December 31, 2022 was per share. As of December
31, 2022, there were approximately unvested options subject to performance-based vesting criteria with approximately million
of unrecognized compensation expense. This expense will be recognized when each milestone becomes probable of occurring. In addition,
as of December 31, 2022, there were approximately unvested options outstanding subject to time-based vesting with approximately
 million of unrecognized compensation expense which will be recognized over a period of years. 

Aggregate intrinsic value of options exercised 

Expected volatility 

Expected dividends 

Expected term (in years) 

Risk-free interest rate 

The
weighted-average valuation assumptions were determined as follows: 

Risk-free
 interest rate: The Company bases the risk-free interest rate on the interest rate payable on United States Treasury securities in
 effect at the time of grant for a period that is commensurate with the assumed expected option term. 

Expected
 annual dividends: The estimate for annual dividends is , because the Company has not historically paid, and does not expect for
 the foreseeable future to pay, a dividend. 

Expected
 stock price volatility: The expected volatility used is based on historical volatilities of similar entities within the Company s
 industry which were commensurate with the Company s expected term assumption. The Company also utilizes its limited available
 historical volatility, to a lesser weight, in its expected volatility calculation. 

Expected
 term of options: The expected term of options represents the period of time options are expected to be outstanding. The expected
 term of the options granted to employees is derived from the simplified method as described in Staff Accounting Bulletin
 107 relating to stock-based compensation, whereby the expected term is an average between the vesting period and contractual period
 due to the limited operating history. For non-employee stock option grants, the Company has the option to utilize either the expected
 term or the contractual term, determined on an award-by-award basis. 

million of term loans in the aggregate, available to be funded in up to five tranches. The first tranche in
an amount equal to million was drawn on the Closing Date, for net proceeds of million. The second tranche allowed the Company
to draw up to million upon FDA approval of TZIELD, which occurred on November 17, 2022. The second tranche was drawn, in the amount
of million, on February 2, 2023 for net proceeds of approximately million. See Note 19 - Subsequent Events for further
details. The third tranche in an amount of up to million may be drawn if the second tranche has been borrowed, as well as achievement
of certain milestones related to cumulative net product revenue and new net cash proceeds from various allowable transactions. The fourth
tranche will be available to the Company in an aggregate amount of up to million (less the actual funded amount, if any, for the
third tranche), subject to satisfaction of specified conditions, including achievement of certain cumulative net product revenue-based
milestones. The availability of the fifth tranche of up to million is subject to the approval of the Lenders. 

The
term loans have an original scheduled maturity date of (the Maturity Date ), which are to be extended
for an additional year upon approval of TZIELD by the FDA (the Approval Milestone and certain other conditions. The Company
achieved the Approval Milestone in November 2022, and therefore the Maturity Date of the term loans was extended to September 1, 2027.
The Company will make interest-only monthly payments of accrued interest without amortization of principal until September 1, 2025, which
will be extended, (i) by six months if the Company achieves (x) the Approval Milestone prior to September 1, 2025 and (y) a performance
milestone based on aggregate net product revenue on a trailing six-month basis, and (ii) by an additional six months if the interest-only
period has previously been extended and the Company maintains compliance with the financial covenants, described below, through March
1, 2026. After the conclusion of the interest-only period, monthly installments of principal and interest will be paid through the Maturity
Date. 

The
term loans bear interest at a per annum rate equal to the greater of (i) the prime rate as reported in The Wall Street Journal plus 
and (ii) . As of December 31, 2022, the interest rate was . The Company paid Hercules a facility charge of approximately 
million in respect of the funding of the first tranche of term loans. Each of the other tranches, if drawn, are subject to a facility
charge, payable upon funding, equal to of the principal amount of the amount of such tranche funded. On February 2, 2023, the Hercules
LSA was amended, primarily to adjust the variable interest rate downward by 0.5 . See Note 19 - Subsequent Events for further details. 

If
the Company makes a prepayment on the term loans, it will be obligated to pay a prepayment charge, based on a percentage of the amount
of term loans so prepaid, equal to: (i) , if the prepayment occurs within the first 12 months following the Closing Date; (ii) 
if the prepayment occurs more than 12 months, but on or prior to the date that is 24 months, following the Closing Date; and (iii) ,
if the prepayment occurs more than 24 months following the Closing Date, but on or prior to the date that is 30 days prior to the Maturity
Date. The Company is also obligated to pay an end of term charge of of the principal amount so prepaid or repaid. No such charge
is due in connection with certain refinancings of the Hercules LSA involving Hercules, the Lenders and their affiliates or as otherwise
agreed in writing by Hercules and the Lenders. The Company s obligations under the Hercules LSA are secured by a security interest in substantially all of
its assets, other than intellectual property and subject to certain exceptions. 

The
Hercules LSA contains customary representations and warranties as well as certain financial covenants in term loan facilities of this
type for similarly situated companies, including but not limited to liquidity, monthly revenue performance and market capitalization
covenants. The Company was in compliance with all such covenants at December 31, 2022. 

In
connection with the funding of each tranche of Hercules LSA, the Company will issue warrants to the Lenders to acquire shares of the
Company s common stock at an exercise price per share equal to the three-day volume-weighted average price prior to the closing
of each tranche of term loans (the Exercise Price ), subject to certain terms and conditions (the Term Loan Warrants ).
The number of shares of the Company s common stock into which such Term Loan Warrants will be exercisable will be equal to the
aggregate principal amount of the applicable tranche of term loans funded multiplied by , divided by the applicable Exercise Price.
The Term Loan Warrants may be exercised on a cashless basis and will be exercisable for a term beginning on the date of issuance and
ending on the earlier to occur of seven years from the date of issuance or the consummation of certain acquisitions of the Company as
set forth in the Term Loan Warrants. The Company issued Term Loan Warrants to acquire shares of the Company s common stock
at an exercise price of approximately per share in connection with the funding of the first tranche of the Hercules LSA. 

In
accordance with ASC 470, Debt , the value of the initial Hercules LSA term loan and the Term Loan Warrants was allocated using
a relative fair value allocation. The Company evaluated the features of the Hercules LSA and the Term Loan Warrants in accordance with
ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity and ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging . The Company determined that the Hercules
LSA and the Term Loan Warrants did not contain any features that would qualify as a derivative or embedded derivative. In addition, the
Company determined that the Term Loan Warrants should be classified as equity. The estimated fair value of the Term Loan Warrants, determined
to be approximately million, was calculated using the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model based on the following inputs: 

Exercise price 

Expected volatility 

Expected dividends 

Contractual term (in years) 

Risk-free interest rate 

The
fair value of the Term Loan Warrants was recorded as a credit to additional paid-in capital and treated as a debt discount. The remaining
value was allocated to the initial Hercules LSA term loan, net of million of fees paid to the Lenders, including the facility charge
and legal costs, which were recorded as a debt discount. In addition, the Company incurred legal, agent and other issuance costs of 
million, which were recorded as debt issuance costs. The debt discount and debt issuance costs are being amortized to interest expense
and the end of term charge is being accreted using the effective interest method over the term of the term loan. 

Debt discount and debt issuance costs, unamortized 

End of term charge accretion 

Debt, long-term 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

Accretion of debt discount 

Amortization of debt issuance costs 

Total interest expense 

shares of Series A Convertible Redeemable Preferred
Stock with an exercise price of per share with a seven -year term. Upon completion of its initial public offering IPO in July 2018, the warrants automatically became warrants for the purchase of shares of the Company s common stock. During
the years ending December 31, 2022 and 2020, certain warrant holders from the Series A Offering elected to exercise warrants for an aggregate
of and shares, respectively, on a cashless basis, resulting in the Company s net issuance of and 
shares, respectively. warrants from the Series A Offering were exercised during the year ending December 31, 2021. As of December
31, 2022, a total of warrants have been exercised on a cashless basis. 

In
connection with the Company s completion of its IPO, in July 2018, the Company issued to MDB, the underwriter in the IPO, and its
designees warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of per share. These warrants
have a five -year term. During the year ending December 31, 2020, certain warrant holders from the IPO elected to exercise warrants for
an aggregate of shares, on a cashless basis, resulting in the Company s net issuance of shares. No warrants from
the IPO were exercised during the years ending December 31, 2022 and 2021. As of December 31, 2022, a total of warrants have
been exercised on a cashless basis. 

In
connection with the July 2022 Private Placement, the Company issued to certain institutional purchasers warrants to acquire
additional shares of the Company s common stock. The warrants will expire from the closing date of the transaction,
have an exercise price of per share and are immediately exercisable upon issuance, subject to other limitations on exercise as
described in the warrants. As of December 31, 2022, no warrants issued in connection with the July
2022 Private Placement have been exercised. 

The
Company evaluated whether the warrants should be classified as a liability or equity in accordance with ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities
from Equity and ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging . Based on its evaluation, the Company determined that the warrants should
be classified as equity and were recorded as a credit to additional paid-in capital as a component of the net proceeds from the July
2022 Private Placement and are not subject to remeasurement. The Company will continue to evaluate the classification of the equity warrants
on a quarterly basis, to determine whether the warrants continue to meet equity classification. 

IPO warrants 

Series A warrants 

Term Loan Warrants - 1st tranche 

Total 

Leasehold improvements 

Furniture and fixtures 

Clinical equipment 

Office equipment 

Software in progress 

Fixed assets, gross 

Less accumulated depreciation 

Fixed assets, net 

Depreciation
expense was million, million and thousand for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 respectively. 

years. Amortization expense for these intangible
assets during each of the next five years is estimated to be approximately million per year. 

Total 

The
Company did not have definite-lived intangible assets as of December 31, 2021. Amortization expense was million for the year ended
December 31, 2022. The Company had no amortization expense for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. 

Variable lease expense 

Total lease expense 

Lease liabilities 

Current 
 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Non-current 
 Operating lease liabilities, long-term 

Weighted average remaining lease term 

Operating leases 
 
 years 
 years 

Weighted average discount rate 

Operating leases 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total lease payments 

Less: present value discount 

Present value of lease liabilities 

million, million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

The
benefit from state income taxes solely reflects the reversal of valuation allowances previously recorded against the Company s
New Jersey State net operating losses NOLs that resulted from the Company s sale of approximately million,
 million and million of its New Jersey state NOLs under the State of New Jersey s Technology Business Tax Certificate
Transfer Program (the Program during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, for net cash proceeds of 
million, million and million, respectively. The Program allows qualified technology and biotechnology businesses in New Jersey
to sell unused amounts of NOLs and defined research and development tax credits, subject to a maximum lifetime benefit of million.
Under the Program, if the Company fails to use the net proceeds received from the Program for allowable expenditures or fails to maintain
a headquarters or a base of operations in New Jersey during the five years following the date of closing, the Company may be subject
to the recapture of up to the face value of the tax benefits. 

At
December 31, 2022, the Company had federal net operating loss carryforwards of approximately million, of which approximately
 million will expire in varying amounts . The balance of the Federal net operating loss carryforwards generated
in 2018 and prospectively can be carried forward indefinitely. The Company has state NOLs in various jurisdictions of approximately 
million, certain of which begin to expire . The Company had federal and state research and development tax credit carryforwards,
including orphan drug tax credits, of approximately million at December 31, 2022. 

Pursuant
to Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code Section 382 ), and similar state tax laws, certain substantial changes in the
Company s ownership may result in a limitation on the amount of net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards that may be used
in future years. Utilization of the net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards may be subject to a substantial
annual limitation under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 due to ownership change limitations that have occurred previously
or that could occur in the future. These ownership changes may limit the amount of net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards that
can be utilized annually to offset future taxable income and tax. 

The
Company completed a Section 382 study through December 31, 2021. Based on the study, the Company experienced a Section 382 ownership
change in June 2020, which imposes annual limitations on the use of the Company s pre-ownership change NOL s and
research and development tax credit carryforwards. The annual limitation generally is determined by multiplying the value of the
Company s stock at the time of such ownership change (subject to certain adjustments) by the applicable long-term tax-exempt
rate. The Company determined that all pre-ownership change carryforwards are still available for utilization prior to their
expiration. The Company intends to complete an updated Section 382 study through December 31, 2022 and does not anticipate the
results of that study to have a material impact on the utilization of the Company s NOL carry forwards and other tax
attributes in future periods. 

Change in valuation allowance 

Orphan drug credits 

State income taxes, net of federal benefit 

Sale of NJ net operating losses 

Permanent items 

Other 

Effective tax rate 

Deferred: 

Federal 

State 

Income tax benefit 

The
income tax benefit recognized for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 represent the Company s sale of its New
Jersey state net operating losses for the 2018 through 2021 tax years, from which the Company realized million, 
million and 
million, respectively. 

Federal R D and orphan drug credits 

Capitalized R D expenses pursuant to IRS Code Section 174 

Equity compensation 

Product licenses 

Other 

Total deferred tax assets 

Less valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax assets 

The
Company s gross deferred tax assets of 
million and million
at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, primarily consist of net operating loss carryforwards for income tax purposes. A valuation
allowance is required to be recorded when it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the net deferred tax assets will not
be realized. Due to the Company s history of operating losses, it cannot be assured of generating taxable income and thereby realizing
its net deferred tax assets. As such a full valuation allowance has been recorded. The Company has no uncertain tax positions at December
31, 2022. Since the Company is in a loss carryforward position, the Company is generally subject to United States federal and state income
tax examinations by tax authorities for all years for which a loss carryforward is available. The Company has never been, nor is currently
under audit. The Company s policy is to recognize interest accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits and penalties in income
tax expense, however the Company has recorded no such expense to date. 

Beginning
January 1, 2022, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the TCJA eliminated the option to deduct research and development expenditures
in the current year and requires taxpayers to capitalize such expenses pursuant to Internal Revenue Code Section 174 Section
174 ). The capitalized expenses are amortized over a 5-year period for domestic expenses and a 15-year period for foreign expenses.
As a result of this provision of the TCJA, deferred tax assets related to capitalized research expenses pursuant to Section 174 increased
by 
million. 

In
March 2020, the United States government enacted the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act CARES Act which
includes numerous modifications to income tax provisions, including a limitation on business interest expense and net operating loss
provisions and the acceleration of alternative minimum tax credits. Given the Company s history of losses, the CARES Act did not
have a material impact on its income tax positions. 

Employer contributions
for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were million, million, and million, respectively. 

million from the full drawdown of the second tranche of
funding under the Hercules LSA, which became available upon approval of the TZIELD BLA resubmission by the FDA. In connection with
this funding, the Company issued to Hercules Term Loan Warrants to acquire shares of the Company s common stock at an
exercise price of . Refer to Note 12 Debt, for a full description of the terms of the Term Loan Warrants.
Simultaneously with the drawdown of the second tranche of funding, the Company entered into a First Amendment to the Loan and
Security Agreement (the Amendment ), which restates the definition of Term Loan Interest Rate to mean,
for any day, a per annum rate of interest equal to the greater of either 

On
February 9, 2023, the Company elected to proceed with the closing of the Sanofi Securities Purchase Agreement, pursuant to which, on
February 10, 2023, Sanofi purchased shares of the Company s common stock at a purchase price of approximately 
per share, which was equal to 
of the daily volume-weighted average price per share of the Company s common stock for the five consecutive trading days prior
to the closing date, for a total investment of 
 million. 

On March 12, 2023, the Company
entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement with Sanofi S.A. Sanofi and Sanofi s
indirect wholly owned acquisition subsidiary under which Sanofi is to acquire the Company in a cash transaction for an approximate total
equity value of billion. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, and upon the terms and subject to the conditions thereof, Sanofi s
acquisition subsidiary will commence a tender offer to purchase all of the Company s issued and outstanding shares of common stock
in exchange for per share, to the seller in cash, without interest and less applicable withholding of taxes. If certain conditions
are satisfied and the tender offer closes, Sanofi would acquire any remaining shares of the Company s common stock by a merger
of Sanofi s acquisition subsidiary with and into the Company. 

F- 36 

<EX-4.6>
 16
 ex4-6.htm

Exhibit
4.6 

THIS
WARRANT AND THE SHARES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE HEREOF HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR ANY STATE
SECURITIES LAWS. THEY MAY NOT BE SOLD, OFFERED FOR SALE, PLEDGED, OR HYPOTHECATED IN THE ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT
RELATED THERETO OR, SUBJECT TO SECTION 11 HEREOF, AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH MAY BE COMPANY COUNSEL) REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE
COMPANY THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. 

WARRANT
AGREEMENT 

To
Purchase Shares of the Common Stock of 

PROVENTION
BIO, INC. 

Dated
as of February 2, 2023 (the Effective Date 

WHEREAS,
Provention Bio, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), has entered into a Loan and Security Agreement dated
as of August 31, 2022 (as amended and in effect from time to time, the Loan Agreement with Hercules Capital, Inc.,
a Maryland corporation (the Warrantholder ); 

WHEREAS,
the Company desires to grant to Warrantholder, in consideration for, among other things, the financial accommodations provided for in
the Loan Agreement, the right to purchase shares of its Common Stock (as defined below) pursuant to this Warrant Agreement (this Warrant ); 

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein, the Company and Warrantholder agree
as follows: 

SECTION
1. GRANT OF THE RIGHT TO PURCHASE COMMON STOCK. 

(a)
For value received, the Company hereby grants to the Warrantholder, and the Warrantholder is entitled, upon the terms and subject to
the conditions hereinafter set forth, to subscribe for and purchase, from the Company, up to 93,457 fully paid and non-assessable
shares of Common Stock determined pursuant to Section 1(b) below, at a purchase price per share equal to the Exercise Price (as
defined below). The number of shares of Common Stock and the Exercise Price of such shares is subject to adjustment as provided in Section
8 . As used herein, the following terms shall have the following meanings: 

1934
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

Acknowledgment
of Exercise has the meaning given to it in Section 3(a) . 

Act 
means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and as the same may be in effect from time to time. 

Charter 
means the Company s Certificate of Incorporation or other constitutional document, as the same may be amended from time to time. 

Claims 
has the meaning given to it in Section 12(p) . 

Common
Stock means the Company s common stock, 0.0001 par value per share, together with any securities of the Company into
or for which such common stock may be converted, exchanged or substituted. 

Company 
has the meaning given to it in the preamble to this Warrant. 

Effective
Date has the meaning given to it in the preamble to this Warrant. 

Exercise
Price means 8.56 per share. 

Lender 
has the meaning given to it in the Loan Agreement. 

Loan
Agreement has the meaning given to it in the preamble to this Warrant. 

Merger
Event means (a) a merger or consolidation involving the Company in which (i) the Company is not the surviving entity, or (ii)
the outstanding shares of the Company s capital stock are otherwise converted into or exchanged for shares of capital of another
entity; or (b) the sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company. 

Net
Issuance has the meaning given to it in Section 3(a) . 

Notice
of Exercise has the meaning given to it in Section 3(a) . 

Public
Acquisition means any Merger Event which is effected such that (i) the holders of Common Stock shall be entitled to receive
(A) cash and/or (B) shares of stock that are of a publicly traded company listed on a national market or exchange which may be resold
without restrictions (other than restrictions to which Warrantholder may separately agree in writing) after the consummation of such
Merger Event, and (ii) the Company s stockholders own less than 50 of the voting securities of the surviving entity (or, if such
Company stockholders beneficially own 50 or more of the outstanding voting power of the surviving or successor entity as of immediately
after the consummation of such Merger Event, such surviving or successor entity is not the Company). 

Purchase
Price means, with respect to any exercise of this Warrant, an amount equal to the Exercise Price as of the relevant time multiplied
by the number of shares of Common Stock requested to be exercised under this Warrant pursuant to such exercise. 

Rules 
has the meaning given to it in Section 12(q) . 

Transfer
Notice has the meaning given to it in Section 11 . 

Warrant 
has the meaning given to it in the preamble to this Warrant. 

Warrant
Term has the meaning given to it in Section 2 . 

Warrantholder 
has the meaning given to it in the preamble to this Warrant. 

SECTION
2. TERM OF THE AGREEMENT. 

Except
as otherwise provided for herein, the term of this Warrant (the Warrant Term and the right to purchase Common Stock
as granted herein shall commence on the Effective Date and shall be exercisable for a period ending upon the earlier to occur of (A)
seven (7) years from the Effective Date or (B) the consummation of a Public Acquisition, with the Warrant expiring and terminating in
its entirety upon the consummation of either of the foregoing events (the Termination Date ). 

SECTION
3. EXERCISE OF THE PURCHASE RIGHTS. 

(a) Exercise .
Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the purchase rights set forth in this Warrant may be exercised, in whole or in part, at
any time, or from time to time, during the Warrant Term, by tendering to the Company at its principal office a notice of exercise in
the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Notice of Exercise ), duly completed and executed. Promptly
upon receipt of the Notice of Exercise and the payment of the Purchase Price in accordance with the terms set forth below, and in no
event later than three (3) business days thereafter, the Company shall issue to the Warrantholder a certificate or book entry shares
representing the number of shares of Common Stock purchased and shall execute the acknowledgment of exercise in the form attached
hereto as Exhibit B (the Acknowledgment of Exercise indicating the number of shares which remain
subject to future purchases under this Warrant, if any. 

The
Purchase Price may be paid at the Warrantholder s election either (i) by cash or check, or (ii) by surrender of all or a portion
of the Warrant for shares of Common Stock to be exercised under this Warrant and, if applicable, an amended Warrant representing the
remaining number of shares purchasable hereunder, as determined below Net Issuance ). If the Warrantholder elects
the Net Issuance method, the Company will issue Common Stock in accordance with the following formula: 

X = Y(A-B) 

A 

Where: 

X = 
 
 the number of shares of Common Stock to be issued to the Warrantholder. 

Y = the number of shares of Common Stock requested to be exercised under this Warrant. 

A = the fair market value of one (1) share of Common Stock at the time of issuance of such shares of Common Stock. 

B= 
 
 the Exercise Price. 

For
purposes of the above calculation, the fair market value of one (1) share of Common Stock shall mean: 

(i)
if the Common Stock is traded on any exchange operated by the Nasdaq Global Select Market or any other national securities exchange,
the fair market value of one (1) share of Common Stock shall be deemed to be the volume-weighted average of the closing prices over the
thirty (30) consecutive trading days ending two (2) trading days before the day the fair market value of one (1) share of Common Stock
is being determined; or 

(ii)
if at any time the Common Stock is not listed on any securities exchange, the fair market value of one (1) share of Common Stock shall
be the highest price per share which the Company could obtain from a willing buyer (not a current employee or director) for shares of
Common Stock sold by the Company (based upon the valuation by the Board of Directors of all shares of Common Stock), from authorized
but unissued shares, as determined in good faith by its Board of Directors, unless this Warrant is being exercised in connection with
a Merger Event, in which case the fair market value of one (1) share of Common Stock shall be deemed to be the per share value received
by the holders of the Common Stock on a Common Stock equivalent basis pursuant to such Merger Event. 

Upon
partial exercise by either cash or Net Issuance and surrender of this Warrant, the Company shall promptly issue an agreement substantially
in the form of the Warrant representing the remaining number of shares purchasable hereunder. All other terms and conditions of such
agreement shall be identical to those contained herein, including, but not limited to the Effective Date hereof. 

2 . 

(b)
 Exercise Prior to Expiration . To the extent that the Warrantholder has not exercised its purchase rights under this Warrant to
all Common Stock subject hereto, and if the fair market value of one share of the Common Stock is greater than the Exercise Price then
in effect, this Warrant shall be deemed automatically exercised pursuant to Section 3(a) (even if not surrendered) immediately
before the expiration of the Warrant Term. For purposes of such automatic exercise, the fair market value of one share of the Common
Stock upon such expiration shall be determined pursuant to Section 3(a) . To the extent this Warrant or any portion thereof is
deemed automatically exercised pursuant to this Section 3(b) , the Company agrees to promptly notify the Warrantholder of the number
of shares of Common Stock, if any, the Warrantholder is to receive by reason of such automatic exercise. 

(c)
 Legend . Each certificate or book entry shares for the shares of Common Stock purchased upon exercise of this Warrant shall bear
the restrictive legend set forth on the first page of this Warrant. Such legend shall be removed and the Company shall, or shall instruct
its transfer agent to, issue a certificate or book entry shares without such legend or any other legend to the holder of such shares
(i) if such shares are sold or transferred pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Act covering the resale of such
shares by the holder thereof, (ii) if such shares are sold or transferred pursuant to Rule 144 under the Act, (iii) if, upon advice of
counsel to the Company, such shares are eligible for resale without any restrictions under Rule 144 under the Act, or (iv) upon the request
of such holder if such request is accompanied (at such holder s expense) by a written opinion of counsel reasonably satisfactory
to the Company that registration is not required under the Act or any applicable state securities laws for the resale of the shares of
Common Stock purchased upon exercise of this Warrant. The removal of such restrictive legend from any certificates or book entry shares
representing the shares of Common Stock purchased upon exercise of this Warrant is predicated upon the Company s reliance that
the holder of such shares would sell, transfer, assign, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of such shares pursuant to either the
registration requirements of the Act, including any applicable prospectus delivery requirements, or an exemption therefrom, and that
if such shares are sold pursuant to a registration statement, they will be sold in compliance with the plan of distribution set forth
therein. 

SECTION
4. RESERVATION OF SHARES. 

During
the Warrant Term, the Company will at all times have authorized and reserved a sufficient number of shares of its Common Stock to provide
for the exercise of the rights to purchase Common Stock as provided for herein. 

SECTION
5. NO FRACTIONAL SHARES OR SCRIP. 

No
fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant, but in lieu of such fractional
shares the Company shall make a cash payment therefor upon the basis of the Exercise Price then in effect. 

SECTION
6. NO RIGHTS AS STOCKHOLDER. 

This
Warrant does not entitle the Warrantholder to any voting rights or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise
of this Warrant. 

SECTION
7. WARRANTHOLDER REGISTRY. 

The
Company shall maintain a registry showing the name and address of the registered holder of this Warrant. Warrantholder s initial
address, for purposes of such registry, is set forth in Section 12(g) . Warrantholder may change such address by giving written
notice of such changed address to the Company. 

SECTION
8. ADJUSTMENT RIGHTS. 

The
Exercise Price and the number of shares of Common Stock purchasable hereunder are subject to adjustment, as follows: 

(a)
 Merger Event . If at any time there shall be a Merger Event that is not a Public Acquisition, then, as a part of such Merger Event,
lawful provision shall be made so that the Warrantholder shall thereafter be entitled to receive, upon exercise of this Warrant, the
kind, amount and value of shares of Common Stock or other securities or property of the successor, surviving or purchasing corporation
resulting from, or participating in, such Merger Event that would have been issuable if Warrantholder had exercised this Warrant immediately
prior to such Merger Event. In any such case, appropriate adjustment (as determined in good faith by the Company s Board of Directors)
shall be made in the application of the provisions of this Warrant with respect to the rights and interests of the Warrantholder after
such Merger Event to the end that the provisions of this Warrant (including adjustments of the Exercise Price) shall be applicable in
their entirety, and to the greatest extent possible. Without limiting the foregoing, in connection with any Merger Event other than a
Public Acquisition, upon the closing thereof, the successor, surviving or purchasing entity shall assume the obligations of this Warrant.
The provisions of this Section 8(a) shall similarly apply to successive Merger Events. In connection with a Merger Event and upon
Warrantholder s written election to the Company, the Company shall cause this Warrant to be exchanged for the consideration that
Warrantholder would have received if Warrantholder chose to exercise its right to have shares issued pursuant to the Net Issuance provisions
of this Warrant prior to the Merger Event without actually exercising such right, acquiring such shares and exchanging such shares for
such consideration. 

(b)
 Reclassification of Shares . Except as set forth in Section 8(a) , if the Company at any time shall, by combination, reclassification,
exchange or subdivision of securities or otherwise, change any of the securities as to which purchase rights under this Warrant exist
into the same or a different number of securities of any other class or classes, this Warrant shall thereafter represent the right to
acquire such number and kind of securities as would have been issuable as the result of such change with respect to the securities which
were subject to the purchase rights under this Warrant immediately prior to such combination, reclassification, exchange, subdivision
or other change. 

3 . 

(c)
 Subdivision or Combination of Shares . If the Company at any time shall combine or subdivide its Common Stock, (i) in the case
of a subdivision, the Exercise Price shall be proportionately decreased, and the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise
of this Warrant shall be proportionately increased, or (ii) in the case of a combination, the Exercise Price shall be proportionately
increased, and the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately decreased. 

(d)
 Stock Dividends . If the Company at any time while this Warrant is outstanding and unexpired shall: 

(i)
pay a dividend with respect to the outstanding shares of Common Stock payable in additional shares of Common Stock, then the Exercise
Price shall be adjusted, from and after the date of determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution,
to that price determined by multiplying the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to such date of determination by a fraction (A)
the numerator of which shall be the total number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such dividend or distribution,
and (B) the denominator of which shall be the total number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such dividend or distribution;
or 

(ii)
make any other distribution with respect to the Common Stock, except any distribution specifically provided for in any other clause of
this Section 8 , then, in each such case, provision shall be made by the Company such that the Warrantholder shall receive upon
exercise of this Warrant a proportionate share of any such distribution as though it were the holder of the Common Stock as of the record
date fixed for the determination of the stockholders of the Company entitled to receive such distribution. 

(e)
 Notice of Adjustments . If: (i) the Company shall declare any dividend or distribution upon its Common Stock, whether in stock,
cash, property or other securities (assuming Lender consents to a dividend involving cash, property or other securities under the Loan
Agreement, if the consent of Lender is then required by the terms of the Loan Agreement); (ii) the Company shall offer for subscription
pro rata to the holders of Common Stock any additional shares of stock of any class or other rights; (iii) there shall be any Merger
Event; or (iv) there shall be any voluntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the Company; then, in connection with each such
event, the Company shall give the Warrantholder notice thereof at the same time and in the same manner as it notifies holders of shares
of Common Stock thereof. 

SECTION
9. REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY. 

(a)
 Reservation of Common Stock . The shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrantholder s rights have been duly
and validly reserved and, when issued in accordance with the provisions of this Warrant, will upon issuance be validly issued, fully
paid and non-assessable, and will be free of any taxes, liens, charges or encumbrances of any nature whatsoever; provided , that
the Common Stock issuable pursuant to this Warrant may be subject to restrictions on transfer under state and/or federal securities laws.
The Company has made available to the Warrantholder publicly through the SEC s EDGAR system true, correct and complete copies of
its Charter and current bylaws. The issuance of certificates for shares of Common Stock upon exercise of this Warrant shall be made without
charge to the Warrantholder for any issuance tax in respect thereof, or other cost incurred by the Company in connection with such exercise
and the related issuance of shares of Common Stock; provided , that the Company shall not be required to pay any tax which may
be payable in respect of any transfer and the issuance and delivery of any certificate in a name other than that of the Warrantholder. 

(b)
 Due Authority . The execution and delivery by the Company of this Warrant and the performance of all obligations of the Company
hereunder, including the issuance to Warrantholder of the right to acquire the shares of Common Stock, have been duly authorized by all
necessary corporate action on the part of the Company. This Warrant: (1) does not violate the Company s Charter or current bylaws;
(2) does not contravene any law or governmental rule, regulation or order applicable to it; and (3) does not and will not contravene
any provision of, or constitute a default under, any indenture, mortgage, contract or other instrument to which it is a party or by which
it is bound. This Warrant constitutes a legal, valid and binding agreement of the Company, enforceable in accordance with its terms,
except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, fraudulent conveyance, moratorium or other laws
affecting the enforcement of creditors rights in general, and except that the enforceability of this Warrant is subject to general
principles of equity. 

(c)
 Consents and Approvals . No consent or approval of, giving of notice to, registration with, or taking of any other action in respect
of any state, federal or other governmental authority or agency is required on the part of the Company with respect to the execution,
delivery and performance by the Company of its obligations under this Warrant, except for the filing of notices pursuant to Regulation
D under the Act and any filing required by applicable state securities law, which filings will be effective by the time required thereby. 

(d)
 Issued Securities . All issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock have been duly authorized and validly issued and are fully
paid and non-assessable. All outstanding shares of Common Stock and any other Company securities were issued in compliance with all applicable
federal and state securities laws in all material respects. In addition, as of the date immediately preceding the Effective Date, no
stockholder of the Company has preemptive rights to purchase new issuances of the Company s capital stock pursuant to the Charter
or the Company s bylaws. 

(e)
 Exempt Transaction . Subject to the accuracy of the Warrantholder s representations in Section 10 , the issuance of
the Common Stock upon exercise of this Warrant will each constitute a transaction exempt from (i) the registration requirements of Section
5 of the Act, in reliance upon Section 4(a)(2) thereof, and (ii) the qualification requirements of the applicable state securities laws. 

4 . 

(f)
 Compliance with Rule 144 . If the Warrantholder proposes to sell Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of this Warrant in compliance
with Rule 144 promulgated by the SEC, then, upon Warrantholder s written request to the Company, the Company shall furnish to the
Warrantholder, within five days after receipt of such request, a written statement confirming the Company s compliance with the
filing requirements of the SEC as set forth in such Rule, as such Rule may be amended from time to time, and shall, subject to such sale
being in compliance with all of the conditions of Rule 144, issue appropriate instructions to its transfer agent to remove the restrictive
legend from any certificates evidencing the Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of this Warrant. 

(g)
 Listing of Shares . The Common Stock is listed for trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market as of the Effective Date. 

SECTION
10. REPRESENTATIONS AND COVENANTS OF THE WARRANTHOLDER. 

This
Warrant has been entered into by the Company in reliance upon the following representations and covenants of the Warrantholder: 

(a)
 Investment Purpose . The right to acquire Common Stock or the Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrantholder s
rights contained herein has been, and such shares will be, acquired for investment and not with a view to the sale or distribution of
any part thereof, and the Warrantholder has no present intention of selling or engaging in any public distribution of the same except
pursuant to a registration under the Act or an exemption from the registration requirements of the Act. Warrantholder is not a registered
broker-dealer under Section 15 of the 1934 Act or an entity engaged in a business that would require it to be so registered as a broker-dealer. 

(b)
 Private Issue . The Warrantholder understands (i) that the Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant is not registered
under the Act or qualified under applicable state securities laws on the ground that the issuance contemplated by this Warrant will be
exempt from the registration and qualifications requirements thereof, and (ii) that the Company s reliance on such exemption is
predicated on the representations set forth in this Section 10 . 

(c)
 Financial Risk . The Warrantholder has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters as to be capable of evaluating
the merits and risks of its investment, and has the ability to bear the economic risks of its investment. 

(d)
 Risk of No Registration . Without in any way limiting the Company s obligations under this Warrant, the Warrantholder understands
that if the Common Stock is not registered with the SEC pursuant to Section 12 of the 1934 Act or the Company is not required to file
reports pursuant to Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the 1934 Act, or if a registration statement is not effective under the Act covering
the resale of the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrant when it desires to sell (i) the rights to purchase Common
Stock pursuant to this Warrant or (ii) the Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the right to purchase, as applicable, it may be required
to hold such securities for an indefinite period. The Warrantholder also understands that any sale of (A) its rights hereunder to purchase
Common Stock or (B) Common Stock issued or issuable hereunder which might be made by it in reliance upon Rule 144 under the Act may be
made only in accordance with the terms and conditions of that Rule. 

(e)
 Accredited Investor . Warrantholder is, and on each date on which it exercises any portion of this Warrant, it will be, an accredited
investor within the meaning of the Securities and Exchange Rule 501 of Regulation D, as presently in effect. 

(f)
 No Short Sales . Warrantholder has not engaged, and will not engage, in short sales of the Common Stock of the Company
at any time on or prior to the Effective Date and until the Termination Date. The term short sale shall mean any sale of
a security which the seller does not own or any sale which is consummated by the delivery of a security borrowed by, or for the account
of, the seller. 

SECTION
11. TRANSFERS. 

Subject
to compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws, this Warrant and all rights hereunder are transferable, in whole or
in part, without charge to the holder hereof (except for transfer taxes) upon surrender of this Warrant properly endorsed. Each taker
and holder of this Warrant, by taking or holding the same, consents and agrees that this Warrant, when endorsed in blank, shall be deemed
negotiable, and that the holder hereof, when this Warrant shall have been so endorsed and its transfer recorded on the Company s
books, shall be treated by the Company and all other persons dealing with this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for any purpose and
as the person entitled to exercise the rights represented by this Warrant. The transfer of this Warrant shall be recorded on the books
of the Company upon receipt by the Company of a notice of transfer in the form attached hereto as Exhibit C (the Transfer
Notice ), at its principal offices and the payment to the Company of all transfer taxes and other governmental charges imposed
on such transfer. Until the Company receives such Transfer Notice, the Company may treat the registered owner hereof as the owner for
all purposes. Notwithstanding anything herein or in any legend to the contrary, the Company shall not require an opinion of counsel in
connection with any sale, assignment or other transfer by Warrantholder of this Warrant (or any portion hereof or any interest herein)
or of any shares of Common Stock issued upon any exercise hereof to an affiliate (as defined in Regulation D) of Warrantholder, provided
that such affiliate is an accredited investor as defined in Regulation D. Upon a permitted transfer of this Warrant to
another entity, references to Warrantholder herein shall, unless the context otherwise requires, refer to such permitted
transferee. 

SECTION
12. MISCELLANEOUS. 

(a)
 Effective Date . The provisions of this Warrant shall be construed and shall be given effect in all respects as if it had been
executed and delivered by the Company on the date hereof. This Warrant shall be binding upon any successors or assigns of the Company
and the Warrantholder. 

5 . 

(b)
 Remedies . In the event of any default hereunder, the non-defaulting party may proceed to protect and enforce its rights either
by suit in equity and/or by action at law, including but not limited to an action for damages as a result of any such default, and/or
an action for specific performance for any default where Warrantholder will not have an adequate remedy at law and where damages will
not be readily ascertainable. The Company expressly agrees that it shall not oppose an application by the Warrantholder or any other
person entitled to the benefit of this Warrant requiring specific performance of any or all provisions hereof or enjoining the Company
from continuing to commit any such breach of this Warrant. 

(c)
 No Impairment of Rights . The Company will not, by amendment of its Charter or through any other means, avoid or seek to avoid
the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of
all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be reasonably necessary or appropriate in order to protect the rights of
the Warrantholder against impairment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Section 12(c) shall negate or otherwise restrict
or impair the Company s right to effect any changes to the rights, preferences, privileges or restrictions associated with the
Common Stock so long as such changes do not adversely affect the rights, preferences, privileges or restrictions associated with the
shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in a manner different from the effect that such changes have generally
on the rights, preferences, privileges or restrictions associated with all other shares of Common Stock. 

(d)
 Additional Documents . The Company, upon execution of this Warrant, shall provide the Warrantholder with certified resolutions
with respect to the representations and warranties set forth in the first sentence of Section 9(b) . 

(e)
 Attorney s Fees . In any litigation, arbitration or court proceeding between the Company and the Warrantholder relating hereto,
the prevailing party shall be entitled to reasonable attorneys fees and expenses and all reasonable costs of proceedings incurred
in enforcing this Warrant. For the purposes of this Section 12(e) , attorneys fees shall include without limitation reasonable
fees incurred in connection with the following: (i) contempt proceedings; (ii) discovery; (iii) any motion, proceeding or other activity
of any kind in connection with an insolvency proceeding; (iv) garnishment, levy, and debtor and third party examinations; and (v) post-judgment
motions and proceedings of any kind, including without limitation any activity taken to collect or enforce any judgment. 

(f)
 Severability . In the event any one or more of the provisions of this Warrant shall for any reason be held invalid, illegal or
unenforceable, the remaining provisions of this Warrant shall be unimpaired, and the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision shall
be replaced by a mutually acceptable valid, legal and enforceable provision, which comes closest to the intention of the parties underlying
the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision. 

(g)
 Notices . Except as otherwise provided herein, any notice, demand, request, consent, approval, declaration, service of process
or other communication that is required, contemplated, or permitted under this Warrant or with respect to the subject matter hereof shall
be in writing, and shall be deemed to have been validly served, given, delivered, and received upon the earlier of: (i) the day of transmission
by facsimile or hand delivery if transmission or delivery occurs on a business day at or before 5:00 pm in the time zone of the recipient,
or, if transmission or delivery occurs on a non-business day or after such time, the first business day thereafter, or the first business
day after deposit with an overnight express service or overnight mail delivery service; or (ii) the third calendar day after deposit
in the United States mails, with proper first class postage prepaid provided , that any Advance Request shall not be deemed received
until Lender s actual receipt thereof), and shall be addressed to the party to be notified as follows: 

If
to Warrantholder: 

HERCULES
CAPITAL, INC. 

Legal
Department 

Attention:
Chief Legal Officer 

400
Hamilton Avenue, Suite 310 

Palo
Alto, CA 94301 

Facsimile:
650-473-9194 

Telephone:
650-289-3060 

If
to the Company: 

PROVENTION
BIO, INC. 

Attention:
Chief Financial Officer 

55
Broad Street, 2 nd Floor 

Red
Bank, NJ 07701 

Telephone:
(908) 336-0360 

With
a copy to (which shall not constitute notice hereunder): 

ROPES
 GRAY LLP 

Attention:
Thomas J. Danielski 

Prudential
Tower 

800
Boylston Street 

Boston,
MA 02199 

Telephone: (617)-235-4961 

or
to such other address as each party may designate for itself by like notice. 

6 . 

(h)
 Entire Agreement; Amendments . This Warrant constitutes the entire agreement and understanding of the parties hereto in respect
of the subject matter hereof, and supersede and replace in their entirety any prior proposals, term sheets, letters, negotiations or
other documents or agreements, whether written or oral, with respect to the subject matter hereof (including Lender s proposal
letter dated August 10, 2022). None of the terms of this Warrant may be amended except by an instrument executed by each of the parties
hereto. 

(i)
 Headings . The various headings in this Warrant are inserted for convenience only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation
of this Warrant or any provisions hereof. 

(j)
 Advice of Counsel . Each of the parties represents to each other party hereto that it has discussed (or had an opportunity to discuss)
with its counsel this Warrant and, specifically, the provisions of Sections 12(n) , 12(o) and 12(p) . 

(k)
 No Strict Construction . The parties hereto have participated jointly in the negotiation and drafting of this Warrant. In the event
an ambiguity or question of intent or interpretation arises, this Warrant shall be construed as if drafted jointly by the parties hereto
and no presumption or burden of proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring any party by virtue of the authorship of any provisions of
this Warrant. 

(l)
 No Waiver . Except for the requirement that this Warrant be exercised (or be deemed exercised), if at all, during the Warrant Term,
no omission or delay by either party hereto at any time to enforce any right or remedy reserved to it, or to require performance of any
of the terms, covenants or provisions hereof by the other party hereto at any time designated, shall be a waiver of any such right or
remedy to which such party is entitled, nor shall it in any way affect the right of such party to enforce such provisions thereafter. 

(m)
 Survival . All agreements, representations and warranties contained in this Warrant or in any document delivered pursuant hereto
shall be for the benefit of Warrantholder and the Company, as the case may be, and shall survive the execution and delivery of this Warrant
and the expiration or other termination of this Warrant. 

(n)
 Governing Law . This Warrant shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware,
excluding conflict of laws principles that would cause the application of laws of any other jurisdiction. 

(o)
 Consent to Jurisdiction and Venue . All judicial proceedings arising in or under or related to this Warrant may be brought in any
state or federal court of competent jurisdiction located in New York, NY. By execution and delivery of this Warrant, each party hereto
generally and unconditionally: (a) consents to personal jurisdiction in New York, NY; (b) waives any objection as to jurisdiction or
venue in New York, NY; (c) agrees not to assert any defense based on lack of jurisdiction or venue in the aforesaid courts; and (d) irrevocably
agrees to be bound by any judgment rendered thereby in connection with this Warrant. Service of process on any party hereto in any action
arising out of or relating to this Warrant shall be effective if given in accordance with the requirements for notice set forth in Section
12(g) , and shall be deemed effective and received as set forth in Section 12(g) . Nothing herein shall affect the right to
serve process in any other manner permitted by law or shall limit the right of either party to bring proceedings in the courts of any
other jurisdiction. 

(p)
 Mutual Waiver of Jury Trial . Because disputes arising in connection with complex financial transactions are most quickly and economically
resolved by an experienced and expert person and the parties wish applicable state and federal laws to apply (rather than arbitration
rules), the parties desire that their disputes arising out of this Warrant be resolved by a judge applying such applicable laws. EACH
OF THE COMPANY AND WARRANTHOLDER SPECIFICALLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO TRIAL BY JURY OF ANY CAUSE OF ACTION, CLAIM, CROSS-CLAIM,
COUNTERCLAIM, THIRD PARTY CLAIM OR ANY OTHER CLAIM (COLLECTIVELY, CLAIMS ASSERTED BY THE COMPANY AGAINST WARRANTHOLDER
OR ITS ASSIGNEE OR BY WARRANTHOLDER OR ITS ASSIGNEE AGAINST THE COMPANY RELATING TO THIS WARRANT. This waiver extends to all such Claims
arising out of this Warrant, including Claims that involve persons other than the Company and Warrantholder, and any Claims for damages,
breach of contract, specific performance, or any equitable or legal relief of any kind, arising out of this Warrant. 

(q) Arbitration .
If the Mutual Waiver of Jury Trial set forth in Section 12(p) is ineffective or unenforceable, the parties agree that all Claims
shall be submitted to binding arbitration in accordance with the commercial arbitration rules of JAMS (the
 Rules ), such arbitration to occur before one arbitrator, which arbitrator shall be a retired California state
judge or a retired Federal court judge. Such proceeding shall be conducted in Santa Clara County, State of California, with
California rules of evidence and discovery applicable to such arbitration. The decision of the arbitrator shall be binding on the
parties, and shall be final and non-appealable to the maximum extent permitted by law. Any judgment rendered by the arbitrator may
be entered in a court of competent jurisdiction and enforced by the prevailing party as a final judgment of such court. 

(r) Pre-arbitration
Relief . In the event Claims are to be resolved by arbitration, either party may seek from a court of competent jurisdiction
identified in Section 12(o), any prejudgment order, writ or other relief and have such prejudgment order, writ or other relief
enforced to the fullest extent permitted by law notwithstanding that all Claims are otherwise subject to resolution by binding
arbitration 

7 . 

(s) Counterparts;
Facsimile/Electronic Signatures . This Warrant and any amendments, waivers, consents or supplements hereto may be executed in
any number of counterparts, and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so delivered shall be
deemed an original, but all of which counterparts shall constitute but one and the same instrument.. This Warrant may be executed by
one or more of the parties hereto in any number of separate counterparts, all of which together shall constitute one and the same
instrument. The Company, Warrantholder and any other party hereto may execute this Warrant by electronic means and each party hereto
recognizes and accepts the use of electronic signatures and the keeping of records in electronic form by any other party hereto in
connection with the execution and storage hereof. To the extent that this Warrant or any agreement subject to the terms hereof or
any amendment hereto is executed, recorded or delivered electronically, it shall be binding to the same extent as though it had been
executed on paper with an original ink signature, as provided under applicable law, including, without limitation, any state law
based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. The fact that this Warrant is executed, signed, stored or delivered electronically
shall not prevent the transfer by any Holder of this Warrant pursuant to Section 11 or the enforcement of the terms
hereof. 

(t)
 Specific Performance . The parties hereto hereby declare that it is impossible to measure in money the damages which will accrue
to a party hereto by reason of the other party s failure to perform any of the obligations under this Warrant and agree that the
terms of this Warrant shall be specifically enforceable by either party hereto. If a party hereto institutes any action or proceeding
to specifically enforce the provisions hereof, any person against whom such action or proceeding is brought hereby waives the claim or
defense therein that such party has an adequate remedy at law, and such person shall not offer in any such action or proceeding the claim
or defense that such remedy at law exists. 

(u)
 Lost, Stolen, Mutilated or Destroyed Warrant . If this Warrant is lost, stolen, mutilated or destroyed, the Company may, upon receiving
an agreement from the Holder as to indemnity or otherwise as it may reasonably require (which shall, in the case of a mutilated Warrant,
include the surrender thereof), issue a new Warrant of like denomination and tenor as this Warrant so lost, stolen, mutilated or destroyed. 

[Remainder
of page left blank intentionally; signature page follows] 

8 . 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Warrant Agreement to be executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized
as of the Effective Date. 

COMPANY: 
 
 PROVENTION
 BIO, INC. 

By: 
 /s/
Thierry Chauche 

Name: 
 Thierry
 Chauche 

Title: 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 

WARRANTHOLDER: 
 
 HERCULES
 CAPITAL, INC. 

By: 
 /s/
 Seth Meyer 

Name: 
 Seth
 Meyer 

Title: 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 

EXHIBIT
A 

To: 
 [____________________________] 

(1) 
 The
 undersigned Warrantholder hereby elects to purchase [_______] shares of the Common Stock of [_________________], pursuant to the
 terms of the Agreement dated the [___] day of [______, _____] (the Agreement between [_________________] and the Warrantholder,
 and [CASH PAYMENT: tenders herewith payment of the Purchase Price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.]
 [NET ISSUANCE: elects pursuant to Section 3(a) of the Agreement to effect a Net Issuance.] 

(2) 
 Please
 issue a certificate or certificates representing said shares of Common Stock in the name of the undersigned or in such other name
 as is specified below. 

(Name) 

(Address) 

WARRANTHOLDER: 
 HERCULES
 CAPITAL, INC. 

a
 Maryland corporation 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

EXHIBIT
B 

ACKNOWLEDGMENT
OF EXERCISE 

The
undersigned, as representative of Provention Bio, Inc. (the Company ), hereby acknowledges receipt of the Notice
of Exercise from Hercules Capital, Inc. (the Warrantholder ), to purchase [ ] shares of the Common Stock of
the Company, pursuant to the terms of that certain Warrant Agreement, dated as of February 2, 2023 between the Company and the Warrantholder
(the Warrant ), and further acknowledges that [ ] shares remain subject to purchase under the terms of the Warrant. 

COMPANY:
 
 PROVENTION
 BIO, INC. 

By: 

Title: 

Date: 

EXHIBIT
C 

TRANSFER
NOTICE 

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, that certain Warrant Agreement, dated as of February 2, 2023, between Provention Bio, Inc., as the Company, and Hercules
Capital, Inc., as the Warrantholder (the Warrant ), and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby transferred and assigned
to 

(Please
 Print) 

whose
 address is 

Dated: 

Holder s
 Signature: 

Holder s
 Address: 

Signature
 Guaranteed: 

NOTE:
The signature to this Transfer Notice must correspond with the name as it appears on the face of the Warrant, without alteration or enlargement
or any change whatever. Officers of corporations and those acting in a fiduciary or other representative capacity should file proper
evidence of authority to assign the foregoing Warrant. 

</EX-4.6>

<EX-10.29>
 17
 ex10-29.htm

Exhibit
10.29 

CERTAIN
PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT (INDICATED BY [ ]) HAVE BEEN EXCLUDED PURSUANT TO ITEM 601(B)(10) OF REGULATION S-K BECAUSE THEY ARE BOTH
NOT MATERIAL AND ARE THE TYPE THAT THE COMPANY TREATS AS PRIVATE AND CONFIDENTIAL. 

AMENDMENT
NO. 1 TO ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT 

This
Amendment No. 1 to the Asset Purchase Agreement (this Amendment No. 1 ), by and between MacroGenics, Inc. , 
a Delaware corporation, having its principal place of business at 9704 Medical Center Drive, Rockville, MD 20850 Seller ),
and Provention Bio, Inc., a Delaware corporation, having its principal place of business at 55 Broad Street, 2 nd Floor, Red
Bank, NJ 07701 Buyer ), together with Seller, the Parties and each separately, a Party ),
and is meant to amend that certain Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 7, 2018, between Seller and Buyer (the Agreement ).
Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Agreement. 

WHEREAS,
the FDA granted a first Regulatory Approval for the Product on November 17, 2022; and 

WHEREAS,
the Parties have agreed to revise the payment terms for achievement of the BLA Approval Milestone; 

NOW,
THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION of the mutual covenants contained herein, and for other good and valuable consideration the receipt and adequacy
of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows: 

1)
This Amendment No. 1 shall be effective on November 30, 2022 (the Amendment Effective Date ). 

2)
The Parties agree that the Agreement shall be amended from and after the Amendment Effective Date as follows: 

a) The
 defined term Change of Control and its following definition are hereby
 added to Section 1.1 of the Agreement: 

Change
of Control means that (a) (i) any Third Party acquires the beneficial ownership of any voting security of Buyer, or (ii) if
the percentage ownership of a Third Party in the voting securities of Buyer is increased through stock redemption, cancellation or other
recapitalization, and, in the case of (i) and (ii),after such acquisition or increase such Third Party is the beneficial owner of voting
securities representing more than fifty percent (50 of the total voting power of all of the then outstanding voting securities of Buyer;
(b) a merger, consolidation, recapitalization, or reorganization of Buyer is consummated that would result in stockholders or equity
holders of Buyer immediately prior to such transaction ceasing to own more than fifty percent (50 of the outstanding securities of
the surviving entity (or its parent entity) immediately following such transaction; or (c) the sale or transfer to a Third Party of all
or substantially all of Buyer s assets taken as a whole or which relate to this Agreement is effected. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the following will not constitute a Change of Control: (i) a sale of capital stock to underwriters in an underwritten public offering
of Buyer s capital stock solely for the purpose of financing, or (ii) the acquisition of securities of Buyer by any Person or group
of Persons that acquires Buyer s securities in a transaction or series of related transactions the primary purpose of which is
to obtain financing for Buyer through the issuance of equity securities. 

b) The
 defined term Payment Acceleration Event and its following definition are hereby
 added to Section 1.1 of the Agreement: 

Payment
Acceleration Event means a Change of Control. 

c) Section
 3.2 is hereby deleted and replaced with the following text: 

Development
and Regulatory Milestones . Buyer shall pay (which payments shall not be creditable against any other obligations of Buyer
hereunder) a non-refundable payment for each of the milestone events set forth in this Section 3.2 (each a Development and
Regulatory Milestone ), whether the Development and Regulatory Milestone is achieved by Buyer, its Affiliates or Licensees,
or any Third Party acting on behalf of Buyer, its Affiliates or Licensees. Payment for each of the Development and Regulatory Milestones
shall be made only once regardless of how many times a Product achieves the corresponding Development and Regulatory Milestone, and no
payment shall be due for any Development and Regulatory Milestone which is not achieved. The Development and Regulatory Milestones shall
be as follows: 

Development
 and Regulatory Milestone 
 
 Payment 
 
 [ ] 
 
 [ ] 
 
 [ ] 
 
 [ ] 
 
 [ ] 
 
 [ ] 
 
 [ ] 
 
 [ ] 
 
 [ ] 
 
 [ ] 
 
 [ ] 
 
 [ ] 

Buyer
shall provide Seller with written notice within thirty (30) days after the achievement of the corresponding Development and Regulatory
Milestone. The payment pertaining to each Development and Regulatory Milestone, other than the BLA Approval Milestone Payment which shall
be governed in accordance with Section 3.2(a), shall be made by Buyer to Seller within ninety (90) days after the achievement of the
corresponding Development and Regulatory Milestone. 

d) The
 following text is hereby added to the Agreement as new Section 3.2(a): 

Payment
of BLA Approval Milestone . The Parties acknowledge and agree that the BLA Approval Milestone was achieved. Buyer shall pay Seller
the BLA Approval Milestone payment in four (4) installments as follows: 

i. an
 initial payment of Fifteen Million United States dollars 15,000,000) by November 30, 2022; 
 
 ii. a
 further Fifteen Million United States dollars 15,000,000) by March 1, 2023; 
 
 iii. a
 further Fifteen Million United States dollars 15,000,000) by June 1, 2023; and 
 
 iv. a
 further Fifteen Million United States dollars 15,000,000) by September 1, 2023 (together,
 the BLA Approval Payments ). 

e) The
 following text is hereby added to the Agreement as new Section 3.2(b): 

Acceleration
of BLA Approval Payments . On or at any time after the occurrence of a Payment Acceleration Event, Seller may by notice to Buyer declare
that all or part of the outstanding BLA Approval Payments, together with accrued interest, and all other amounts accrued or outstanding
under this Agreement be due and payable, at which time they shall become due and payable [ ]. 

f) The
 following text is hereby added to the Agreement in Section 3.5: 

Notwithstanding
anything contained in the Agreement to the contrary, the [ ] with respect to the Product, Teplizumab; provided, that no [ ]; provided,
further, that [ ] may be [ ] that may become due pursuant to [ ]. 

3)
 Entire Agreement. The Agreement (including Amendment No. 1), as supplemented and modified by this Amendment No. 1, together with
the exhibits thereto, contains the entire understanding of the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior
agreements and understandings, oral or written, with respect to such matters, which the Parties acknowledge have been merged into the
Agreement. 

4)
 Governing Law. This Amendment No. 1 shall be governed by and construed under the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving
effect to any choice of law principles that would require the application of the laws of a different state. 

5)
 Execution in Counterparts. This Amendment No. 1 may be executed in two (2) or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed
an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. This Amendment No. 1 may be executed by .pdf or
other electronically transmitted signatures and such signatures shall be deemed to bind each Party as if they were the original signatures. 

6)
 Remaining Provisions of the Agreement. Except as expressly provided herein, each of the other provisions of the Agreement shall
remain in full force and effect. 

7)
 References. Upon the effectiveness of this Amendment No. 1, on and after the date hereof, each reference in the Agreement to this
Agreement, hereunder, hereof, herein or words of like import shall mean and be a reference
to the Agreement, as amended hereby. 

[signature
page follows] 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have caused this Amendment No. 1 to the Asset Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective
authorized signatories effective as of the Amendment Effective Date. 

MACROGENICS, INC. 

By: 
 /s/
 Scott Koenig 

Name: 
 Scott
 Koenig, M.D., Ph.D. 

Title: 
 President
 and Chief Executive Officer 

PROVENTION BIO, INC. 

By: 
 /s/
 Ashleigh Palmer 

Name: 
 Ashleigh
 Palmer 

Title: 
 President
 and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-10.29>

<EX-10.30>
 18
 ex10-30.htm

Exhibit
10.30 

First
 AMENDMENT 

 TO 

 LOAN
AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 

This
 First Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement (this Amendment is dated as of February 2, 2023 and is entered into by and among PROVENTION BIO, INC., a Delaware corporation, and each of its Subsidiaries
from time to time party to the Loan Agreement as borrower (individually or collectively, as the context may require, Borrower ),
the several banks and other financial institutions or entities from time to time parties to the Loan Agreement (each a Lender 
and collectively referred to as Lenders and HERCULES CAPITAL, INC., a Maryland corporation, in its capacity as
administrative agent and collateral agent for itself and Lenders (in such capacity, Agent ). Capitalized terms
used herein without definition shall have the same meanings given them in the Loan Agreement (as defined below) . 

Recitals 

A.
 Borrower, Agent and Lender have entered into that certain Loan and Security Agreement dated as of August 31, 2022, among Borrower,
Agent and Lender (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Loan
Agreement ), pursuant to which Lender has agreed to extend and make available to Borrower certain advances of money. 

B.
 In accordance with Section 11.3 of the Loan Agreement, Borrower has requested that Agent and Lender agree to amend certain provisions
of the Loan Agreement. 

C.
 Agent and Lender have agreed to so amend the Loan Agreement upon the terms and conditions more fully set forth herein. 

Agreement 

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing Recitals and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which is
hereby acknowledged, and intending to be legally bound, the parties hereto agree as follows: 

1.
 Amendments . 

1.1
 The Loan Agreement is hereby amended as follows: 

(a)
 Amended and Restated Definition. The following defined term is hereby amended and restated as follows: 

Term
Loan Interest Rate means for any day a per annum rate of interest equal to the greater of either (i) the prime rate as reported
in The Wall Street Journal plus 2.20 and (ii) 8.20 . 

1.2
 Each reference in the Loan Agreement to this Agreement and the words hereof, herein, hereunder, 
or words of like import, shall mean and be a reference to the Loan Agreement as amended by this Amendment. 

2.
 Borrower s Representations
And Warranties . Borrower represents and warrants
that: 

2.1
 Immediately upon giving effect to this Amendment, (i) the representations and warranties contained in the Loan Documents are true
and correct in all material respects except to the extent such representations and warranties relate to an earlier date, in which case
they are true and correct in all material respects as of such date and (ii) no default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing
with respect to which Borrower has not been notified in writing by Agent or Lender. 

2.2
 Borrower has the corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Amendment and to perform its obligations under the Loan
Agreement, as amended by this Amendment. 

2.3
 The execution and delivery by Borrower of this Amendment and the performance by Borrower of its obligations under the Loan Agreement,
as amended by this Amendment, have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of Borrower. 

2.4
 This Amendment has been duly executed and delivered by Borrower and is the binding obligation of Borrower, enforceable against it
in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, liquidation, moratorium
or other similar laws of general application and equitable principles relating to or affecting creditors rights. 

2.5
 As of the date hereof, it has no defenses against the obligations to pay any amounts under the Secured Obligations. Borrower acknowledges
that each of Agent and Lender has, as of the date hereof, acted in good faith and has conducted in a commercially reasonable manner its
relationships with Borrower in connection with this Amendment and in connection with the Loan Documents. 

Borrower
understands and acknowledges that each of Agent and Lender is entering into this Amendment in reliance upon, and in partial consideration
for, the above representations and warranties, and agrees that such reliance is reasonable and appropriate. 

3.
 Limitation .
The amendments set forth in this Amendment shall be limited precisely as written and shall not be deemed (a) to be a waiver or modification
of any other term or condition of the Loan Agreement or of any other instrument or agreement referred to therein or to prejudice any
right or remedy which Agent and/or Lender may now have or may have in the future under or in connection with the Loan Agreement (as amended
hereby) or any instrument or agreement referred to therein; or (b) to be a consent to any future amendment or modification or waiver
to any instrument or agreement the execution and delivery of which is consented to hereby. Except as expressly amended hereby, the Loan
Agreement shall continue in full force and effect. 

4.
 Effectiveness .
This Amendment shall become effective upon the satisfaction of all the following conditions precedent (such date of satisfaction of all
such conditions precedent, the First Amendment Closing Date ): 

4.1
Amendment . Borrower, Agent and Lender shall have duly executed and delivered this Amendment to Lender. 

4.2
Advance Request . Borrower shall have duly executed and delivered an Advance Request for the Tranche 2 Advance in the principal amount
of 40,000,000. 

2 

4.3
Warrant . Borrower shall have delivered a duly executed copy of a Warrant with respect to the Tranche 2 Advance in form and substance
reasonably acceptable to Agent. Borrower shall deliver an original counterpart of such Warrant to Agent within five (5) Business Days
of the First Amendment Closing Date. 

4.4
Payment of Lender Expenses. Borrower shall have paid all reasonable Lender expenses (including all reasonable attorneys fees
and reasonable expenses) incurred through the date of this Amendment for the documentation and negotiation of this Amendment, in each
case, to the extent invoiced on or prior to the First Amendment Closing Date. 

5.
 Release .
In consideration of the agreements of Agent and each Lender contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt
and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Borrower, on behalf of itself and its successors, assigns, and other legal representatives,
hereby to the extent possible under applicable law fully, absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably releases, remises and forever discharges
Agent and each Lender, and its successors and assigns, and its present and former shareholders, affiliates, subsidiaries, divisions,
predecessors, directors, officers, attorneys, employees, agents and other representatives (Agent, Lender and all such other persons being
hereinafter referred to collectively as the Releasees and individually as a Releasee ), of and
from all demands, actions, causes of action, suits, covenants, contracts, controversies, agreements, promises, sums of money, accounts,
bills, reckonings, damages and any and all other claims, counterclaims, defenses, rights of set-off, demands and liabilities whatsoever
of every name and nature, known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, both at law and in equity, which Borrower, or any of its successors,
assigns, or other legal representatives may now or hereafter own, hold, have or claim to have against the Releasees or any of them for,
upon, or by reason of any circumstance, action, cause or thing whatsoever which arises at any time prior to the execution of this Amendment,
for or on account of, or in relation to, or in any way in connection with the Loan Agreement, or any of the other Loan Documents or transactions
thereunder or related thereto. Borrower understands, acknowledges and agrees that the release set forth above may be pleaded as a full
and complete defense and may be used as a basis for an injunction against any action, suit or other proceeding which may be instituted,
prosecuted or attempted in breach of the provisions of such release. Borrower agrees that no fact, event, circumstance, evidence or transaction
existing prior to the execution of this Amendment which could now be asserted or which may hereafter be discovered shall affect in any
manner the final, absolute and unconditional nature of the release set forth above. Borrower waives the provisions of California Civil
Code section 1542, which states: 

A
GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS THAT THE CREDITOR OR RELEASING PARTY DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR
AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE AND THAT IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER, WOULD HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR
OR RELEASED PARTY. 

6.
 Counterparts .
This Amendment may be signed in any number of counterparts, and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, with the same effect
as if the signatures to each such counterpart were upon a single instrument. All counterparts shall be deemed an original of this Amendment.
This Amendment may be executed by facsimile, portable document format (.pdf) or similar technology signature, and such signature shall
constitute an original for all purposes. 

7.
 Incorporation By Reference.
 The provisions of Section 11 of the Loan Agreement
shall be deemed incorporated herein by reference, mutatis mutandis . 

3 

8.
 Reaffirmation .
By executing and delivering a counterpart hereof, (i) Borrower hereby agrees that all Advances incurred by Borrower shall be secured
by the Collateral pursuant to the applicable Loan Documents in accordance with the terms and provisions thereof and (ii) Borrower hereby
(A) agrees that, notwithstanding the effectiveness of this Amendment, after giving effect to this Amendment, the Loan Documents continue
to be in full force and effect, (B) agrees that all of the Liens and security interests created and arising under the Loan Documents
remain in full force and effect on a continuous basis, and the perfected status and priority of each such Lien and security interest
continues in full force and effect on a continuous basis, unimpaired, uninterrupted and undischarged, as collateral security for its
obligations, liabilities and indebtedness under the Loan Agreement to the extent provided in, and subject to the limitations and qualifications
set forth in, such Loan Documents (as amended by this Amendment) and (C) affirms and confirms all of its obligations, liabilities and
indebtedness under the Loan Agreement and each other Loan Document, in each case after giving effect to this Amendment, including the
pledge of and/or grant of a security interest in its assets as Collateral pursuant to the Loan Documents to secure such Secured Obligations,
all as provided in the Loan Documents, and acknowledges and agrees that such obligations, liabilities, guarantee, pledge and grant continue
in full force and effect in respect of, and to secure, such Secured Obligations under the Loan Agreement and the other Loan Documents,
in each case, to the extent provided in, and subject to the limitations and qualifications set forth in, such Loan Documents (as amended
by this Amendment). 

[Signature
Page Follows] 

In
Witness Whereof , the parties have duly authorized
and caused this Amendment to be executed as of the date first written above. 

BORROWER: 

PROVENTION
 BIO, INC. 

Signature: 
 /s/
 Thierry Chauche 

Print
 Name: 
 Thierry
 Chauche 

Title: 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 

[Signature
Page First Amendment to LSA] 

Accepted
in Palo Alto, California: 

AGENT: 

HERCULES
 CAPITAL, INC. 

Signature: 
 /s/
 Seth Meyer 

Print
 Name: 
 Seth
 Meyer 

Title: 
 CFO 

LENDER: 

HERCULES
 CAPITAL, INC. 

Signature: 
 /s/
 Seth Meyer 

Print
 Name: 
 Seth
 Meyer 

Title: 
 CFO 

[Signature
Page First Amendment to LSA] 

</EX-10.30>

<EX-23.1>
 19
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements of Provention Bio, Inc. on Form S-3 (No(s). 333-252045, 333-232995
and 333-266307) and Form S-8 (No(s). 333-249869, 333-237113, 333-230400, 333-226814, 333-253657, 333-262945 and 333-265120) of our report
dated March 29, 2023, on our audits of the consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for each of the years
in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, which report is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be filed on or about
March 29, 2023. 

/s/
EisnerAmper LLP 

EISNERAMPER
LLP 

 Philadelphia,
Pennsylvania 

 March
29, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 20
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

SECTION
302 CERTIFICATION 

I,
Ashleigh Palmer, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Provention Bio, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

(d) 
 disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 all
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 29, 2023 

/s/
 Ashleigh Palmer 

Ashleigh
 Palmer 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 21
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

SECTION
302 CERTIFICATION 

I,
Thierry Chauche, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Provention Bio, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, and its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

(d) 
 disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 all
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 29, 2023 

/s/
 Thierry Chauche 

Thierry
 Chauche 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 22
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 

 THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Provention Bio, Inc. Provention Bio on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on the date hereof (the Report ), I,
Ashleigh Palmer, Chief Executive Officer of Provention Bio, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

(1) 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of Provention Bio. 

Date:
 March 29, 2023 

/s/
 Ashleigh Palmer 

Ashleigh
 Palmer 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 23
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 

 THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Provention Bio, Inc. Provention Bio on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on the date hereof (the Report ), I,
Thierry Chauche, Chief Financial Officer of Provention Bio, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

(1) 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of Provention Bio. 

Date:
 March 29, 2023 

/s/
 Thierry Chauche 

Thierry
 Chauche 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 24
 prvb-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 26
 prvb-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 27
 prvb-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 28
 prvb-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

