<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230314_10-K_edgar_data_806279_0000806279-23-000050.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>52335444</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>404256</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2691189</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>30748104</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4607996</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>12790300</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000806279-23-000050.hdr.sgml : 20230314
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230314162813
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000806279-23-000050
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		126
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230314
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230314

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CODORUS VALLEY BANCORP INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000806279
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SAVINGS INSTITUTION, FEDERALLY CHARTERED [6035]
		IRS NUMBER:				232428543
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			PA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-15536
		FILM NUMBER:		23731421

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		CODORUS VALLEY CORPORATE CENTER
		STREET 2:		105 LEADER HEIGHTS ROAD
		CITY:			YORK
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			17403
		BUSINESS PHONE:		717-846-1970

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		PO BOX 2887
		STREET 2:		105 LEADER HEIGHTS ROAD
		CITY:			YORK
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			17405

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000806279-23-000050.txt : 20230314

10-K
 1
 cvly-20221231x10k.htm
 10-K

cvly-20221231x10k 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 _____________________________________________ FORM _____________________________________________ (Mark One) Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 For the fiscal year ended or Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 For the transition period from _____________ to _____________. Commission file Number _____________________________________________ (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: _____________________________________________ Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered Global Market 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15 (d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or emerging growth company. See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Yes No The aggregate market value of Codorus Valley Bancorp, Inc. s voting stock held by non-affiliates was approximately as of June 30, 2022. As of February 22, 2023, Codorus Valley Bancorp, Inc. had shares of common stock outstanding, par value 2.50 per share. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

 1 

Codorus Valley Bancorp, Inc. Form 10-K Index Page Part I Item 1. Business 6 1A. Risk factors 19 1B. Unresolved staff comments 36 2. Properties 36 3. Legal proceedings 36 4. Mine safety disclosures 36 Part II Item 5. Market for registrant s common equity, related shareholder matters and issuer purchases of equity securities 37 6. Reser ved 39 7. Management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations 39 7A. Quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk 59 8. Management report on internal control over financial reporting 61 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 62 Financial statements and supplementary data 64 9. Changes in and disagreements with accountants on accounting and financial disclosure 103 9A. Controls and procedures 103 9B. Other information 103 Part III Item 10. Directors, executive officers and corporate governance 104 11. Executive compensation 104 12. Security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management and related shareholder matters 104 13. Certain relationships and related transactions, and director independence 104 14. Principal accounting fees and services 104 Part IV Item 15. Exhibits and financial statement schedules 105 Signatures 106 

2 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND SUMMARY OF RISK FACTORS Forward-looking Statements This Annual Report on Form 10-K may contain forward-looking statements by Codorus Valley Bancorp, Inc. (the Corporation ). Forward-looking statements may include information concerning the financial condition, results of operations and business of the Corporation and its subsidiaries and include, but are not limited to, statements regarding expectations or predictions of future financial or business performance or conditions relating to the Corporation and its operations. These forward-looking statements may include statements with respect to the Corporation s beliefs, plans, objectives, goals, expectations, anticipations, estimates and intentions, that are subject to significant risks and uncertainties, and are subject to change based on various factors (some of which are beyond the Corporation s control). Forward-looking statements may also include, but are not limited to, discussions of strategy, financial projections and estimates and their underlying assumptions, statements regarding plans, objectives, goals, expectations or consequences, and statements about future performance, expenses, operations, or products and services of the Corporation and its subsidiaries. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of words such as may, should, will, could, believes, plans, expects, estimates, intends, anticipates, strives to, seeks, intends, anticipates or similar words or expressions. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts, nor should they be relied upon as providing assurance of future performance. Forward-looking statements are based on current beliefs, expectations and assumptions regarding the future of the Corporation s business, future plans and strategies, projections, anticipated events and trends, the economy and other future conditions. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks, and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict and many of which are outside of the Corporation s control. Note that many factors, some of which are discussed elsewhere in this report and in the documents that are incorporated by reference, could affect the future financial results of the Corporation and its subsidiaries, both individually and collectively, and could cause those results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements contained or incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K. Actual results could differ materially from those indicated in forward-looking statements due to, among others, the following factors: changes in market interest rates and the persistence of the current inflationary environment in the U.S. and our market areas and the potential for an economic downturn or recession; legislative and regulatory changes, and the uncertain impact of new laws and regulations; monetary and fiscal policies of the federal government; the effects of changes in accounting policies and practices; ineffectiveness of the Corporation s business strategy due to changes in current or future market conditions; changes in deposit flows, the cost of funds, demand for loan products and the demand for financial services; the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, including on the Corporation s credit quality and operations as well as its impact on general economic conditions; competition; market volatility, market downturns, changes in consumer behavior, business closures; adverse changes in the quality or composition of the Corporation s loan, investment and mortgage-backed securities portfolios, including from the effects of the current inflationary environment; geographic concentration of the Corporation s business; deterioration of commercial real estate values; the adequacy of loan loss reserves and the Corporation s transition to the Current Expected Credit Loss (CECL) method of reserving for losses in its loan portfolio; deterioration in the credit quality of borrowers; the Company s ability to attract and retain key personnel; the impact of operational risks, including the risk of human error, failure or disruption of internal processes and systems, including of the Corporation s information and other technology systems; uncertainty surrounding the transition from LIBOR to an alternate reference rate; failure or circumvention of our internal controls; the Corporation s ability to keep pace with technological changes; breaches of security or failures of the Corporation to identify and adequately address cybersecurity and data breaches; changes in government regulation and supervision and the potential for negative consequences resulting from regulatory examinations, investigations and violations; 

 3 

the effects of adverse outcomes from claims and litigation; occurrence of natural or man-made disasters or calamities, including health emergencies, the spread of infectious diseases, epidemics or pandemics, an outbreak or escalation of hostilities or other geopolitical instabilities, the effects of climate change or extraordinary events beyond the Corporation s control, and the Corporation s ability to deal effectively with disruptions caused by the foregoing; and economic, competitive, governmental and technological factors affecting the Corporation s operations, markets, products, services and fees. The Corporation does not commit to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether written or oral, that may be made from time to time by or on behalf of the Corporation to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this report. Other Recent Developments In March 2023, certain specialized banking institutions with elevated concentrations of uninsured deposits experienced large deposit outflows, resulting in the institutions being placed into FDIC receiverships. In the aftermath, there has been substantial market disruption and indications that deposit concerns could spread within the banking industry, leading to deposit outflows and other destabilizing results. The Corporation maintains a well-diversified deposit base and has a comparatively low level of uninsured deposits. As of December 31, 2022, 82 of our deposits are estimated to be FDIC-insured, and an additional 6 of deposit were fully collateralized. The average account size of our consumer deposits is less than 18,000, and the average account size of our business deposits is less than 89,000. Summary of Risk Factors Our business is subject to a number of risks that could cause actual financial results to differ materially from those indicated in this Form 10-K, including from the cautionary factors referenced in the Forward-Looking Statements herein, or the financial results presented elsewhere from time to time. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones facing the Corporation. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are not aware of or focused on, or that we currently deem immaterial, may also adversely impact our business and results of operations. If any of these known or unknown risks or uncertainties actually occurs, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. If this were to happen, the market price of our common stock could decline significantly, and you could lose all or part of your investment. These risks are discussed more fully in this Item 1A and included, without limitation, the following: Risks Related to Macroeconomic Conditions Difficult economic conditions or volatility in the financial markets would likely have an adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations. If the U.S. Congress were not to act favorably on measures to raise the debt ceiling, the U.S. government could default on payment of its debt and other financial obligations. This could lead to a government shutdown and other consequences which could adversely affect the United States economy and financial institutions, including us. Financial challenges at other banking institutions could lead to depositor concerns that spread within the banking industry causing disruptive deposit outflows and other destabilizing results. The continuing COVID-19 pandemic has, and may continue to, adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity, capital and results of operations. Risks Related to Market Interest Rates and Inflation Our business is subject to interest rate risk, and variations in interest rates may materially and adversely affect our financial performance. Inflation can have an adverse impact on our business and on our customers. 

 4 

Risks Related to our Lending Activities Our loan portfolio primarily consists of commercial-related loans, including commercial real estate and construction loans. These loans involve credit risks that could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Our emphasis on real estate loans exposes us to lending risks. The geographic concentration of our loan portfolio and lending activities makes us vulnerable to a downturn in our local market area. Our transition to the Current Expected Loss (CECL) method of reserving for losses in our loan portfolio is likely to cause the need for us to increase our reserve for credit losses. If our allowance for loan losses is not sufficient to cover actual loan losses, our earnings could decrease. The level of our commercial real estate loan portfolio may subject us to additional regulatory scrutiny. Nonperforming assets take significant time to resolve, adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition, and could result in further losses in the future. We engage in lending secured by real estate and may foreclose on the collateral and own the underlying real estate, subjecting us to the costs and potential risks associated with the ownership of real property, or consumer protection initiatives or changes in state or federal law may substantially raise the cost of foreclosure or prevent us from foreclosing at all. We are exposed to the risk of environmental liability associated with lending activities or properties we own. We are required to transition from the use of the LIBOR interest rate index in the future. Risks related to Liquidity We are subject to liquidity risk, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Risks Related to Competitive Matters Strong competition within our market areas may limit our growth and profitability. Our asset size may make it more difficult for us to compete . Risks Related to Laws and Regulations Changes in laws and regulations and the cost of regulatory compliance with new laws and regulations may adversely affect our operations and/or increase our costs of operations and/or decrease our revenues. Non-compliance with the USA PATRIOT Act, Bank Secrecy Act, or other laws and regulations could result in fines or sanctions. The Federal Reserve Board may require us to commit capital resources to support PeoplesBank, and we may not have sufficient access to such capital resources. Monetary policies and regulations of the Federal Reserve Board could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We may be required to raise additional capital in the future, but that capital may not be available when it is needed, or it may only be available on unacceptable terms, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. We qualify as a smaller reporting company pursuant to regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission, and any decision on our part to comply only with certain reduced reporting and disclosure requirements applicable to smaller reporting companies could make our common stock less attractive to investors. Risks Related to Operational Matters We face significant operational risks because of our reliance on technology. Our information technology systems may be subject to failure, interruption or security breaches. We rely on third-party vendors, which could expose us to additional cybersecurity risks. The soundness of other financial institutions could adversely affect us. We may be subject to risks and losses resulting from fraudulent activities that could adversely impact our financial performance and results of operations. 

 5 

Risks Related to Accounting Matters Changes in accounting standards could affect our reported earnings. Changes in management s estimates and assumptions may have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements and our financial condition or operating results. Other Risks Related to Our Business We depend on our management team and other key personnel to implement our business strategy and execute successful operations and we could be harmed by the loss of their services or the inability to hire additional personnel. Legal and regulatory proceedings and related matters could adversely affect us. Societal responses to climate change could adversely affect our business and performance, including indirectly through impacts on our customers. We are a community bank and our ability to maintain our reputation is critical to the success of our business, and the failure to do so may materially adversely affect our performance . Risks Related to Our Business Strategy We may not effectively execute on our expansion strategy, which may adversely affect our ability to maintain our historical growth and earnings trends. We may grow through mergers or acquisitions, including branch acquisitions, a strategy that may not be successful or, if successful, may produce risks in successfully integrating and managing the merged companies or acquisitions and may dilute our stockholders. Risks Related to Our Common Stock The market price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly, and this may make it difficult for you to resell shares of common stock owned by you at times or at prices you find attractive. The trading volume of our common stock may not provide adequate liquidity for investors and is less than that of other financial services companies. We may issue additional common stock or other equity securities in the future which could dilute the ownership interest of existing stockholders. Offerings of debt and/or preferred equity securities may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. Our common stock is subordinate to our existing and future indebtedness and preferred stock, if issued, and effectively subordinated to all the indebtedness and other non-common equity claims against our subsidiaries. Regulatory and contractual restrictions may limit or prevent us from paying dividends or repurchasing shares of our common stock, or we may choose not to pay dividends on or repurchase, our common stock. If we defer payments of interest on our outstanding subordinated notes or junior subordinated debt securities or if certain defaults relating to those debt securities occur, we will be prohibited from declaring or paying dividends or distributions on, and from making liquidation payments with respect to, our common stock. Our common stock is not insured by any governmental entity. Anti-takeover provisions and restrictions on ownership could negatively impact our stockholders. PART I Item 1: Business Codorus Valley Bancorp, Inc. Codorus Valley or the Corporation is a Pennsylvania business corporation, incorporated on October 7, 1986. On March 2, 1987, Codorus Valley became a bank holding company under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended. PeoplesBank, A Codorus Valley Company PeoplesBank is its wholly owned bank subsidiary. The Corporation s business consists primarily of managing PeoplesBank, and its principal source of income is dividends received from PeoplesBank. The Corporation also wholly-owns one non-bank subsidiary, SYC Realty Co., Inc., a subsidiary for holding certain foreclosed assets pending liquidation. On December 31, 2022, Codorus Valley had total consolidated assets of 2.20 billion, total deposits and other liabilities of 2.02 billion, and total shareholders equity of 177,300,000. 

 6 

Bank Subsidiary PeoplesBank, organized in 1934, is a Pennsylvania chartered bank that offers a full range of consumer, business, wealth management, and mortgage services at financial centers located in communities throughout South Central Pennsylvania and Central Maryland. In addition to the twenty-two full service financial centers it has six financial centers located primarily within retirement communities that provide a full suite of services on a limited basis. PeoplesBank, with origins dating back to 1864, is focused on acquiring and nurturing financial relationships with small and mid-sized businesses. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation insures the deposits of PeoplesBank to the maximum extent provided by law . On December 31, 2022, PeoplesBank had total gross loans of 1.63 billion, excluding loans held for sale, and total deposits of 1.94 billion. PeoplesBank had the second largest share of deposits in York County, Pennsylvania, with deposits totaling 14.6 percent of the market as of June 30, 2022, the latest available measurement date. PeoplesBank is not dependent on deposits of, or exposed to a loan concentration to, a single client, or a small group of clients. Therefore, the loss of a single client, or a small client group, would not have a material adverse effect on the financial condition of PeoplesBank . At December 31, 2022, the largest indebtedness of a single PeoplesBank client was approximately 27,192,000 or 1.5 percent of the total loan portfolio, which was within PeoplesBank s regulatory lending limit of 39,996,000. Most of the Corporation s business is with clients located within South Central Pennsylvania, principally York and Lancaster Counties and North Central Maryland, principally Harford County and Baltimore County. Although this market area may pose a concentration risk geographically, we believe that the diverse local economies and our detailed knowledge of the client base lessens this risk. At December 31, 2022, the Corporation had two industry concentrations that exceeded 10 percent of the total loan portfolio: commercial real estate investor represented 22.5 percent of the portfolio and residential real estate investor represented 16.1 percent of the portfolio. At December 31, 2021, the Corporation had three industry concentrations that exceeded 10 percent of the total loan portfolio: commercial real estate investor represented 21.1 percent of the portfolio, residential real estate investor represented 14.8 percent of the portfolio and builder and developer represented 10.2 percent of the portfolio. Loans to borrowers within these industries are usually collateralized by real estate. Nonbank Subsidiaries of PeoplesBank PeoplesBank had four wholly-owned nonbank subsidiaries as of December 31, 2022, that were consolidated for financial reporting purposes. Codorus Valley Financial Advisors, Inc. d/b/a PeoplesWealth Advisors, a subsidiary that sells non-deposit investment products, began operations in January 2000, and previously operated as SYC Insurance Services, Inc. until the change to the current name in December 2005. Periodically, PeoplesBank creates nonbank subsidiaries for the purpose of temporarily holding certain foreclosed assets pending liquidation. On December 31, 2022, none of the three of these foreclosed asset subsidiaries was active. Nonbank Subsidiaries of Codorus Valley Bancorp, Inc. In 2006, Codorus Valley formed CVB Statutory Trust No. 2, a wholly-owned special purpose subsidiary whose sole purpose was to facilitate a pooled trust preferred debt issuance of 7,217,000. In 2004, Codorus Valley formed CVB Statutory Trust No. 1 to facilitate a pooled trust preferred debt issuance of 3,093,000. The Corporation owns 100 percent of the common stock of these nonbank subsidiaries, which are not consolidated for financial reporting purposes. These obligations are reported as junior subordinated debt on the Corporation s balance sheet. In 1991, SYC Realty Co., Inc. was incorporated as a wholly owned subsidiary of Codorus Valley, and originally commenced operations in October 1995. Codorus Valley created this nonbank subsidiary primarily for the purpose of holding certain foreclosed properties obtained by PeoplesBank pending liquidation of those properties. SYC Realty was inactive during the entire reporting period of 2022. 

 7 

Human Capital Resources At year-end 2022, PeoplesBank employed 315 full-time employees and 24 part-time employees, which equated to approximately 332 full-time equivalent employees, calculated on an hourly basis. Employees are not covered by a collective bargaining agreement, and PeoplesBank considers its relations with employees to be satisfactory. The Corporation monitors employee turnover as a critical measure of success and reported 24.9 percent and 25.5 percent employee turnover as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Segment Reporting Management has determined that it operates in only one segment, community banking. The Corporation s non-banking activities are not significant to the consolidated financial statements. Competition The banking industry in PeoplesBank s service area, South Central Pennsylvania (principally, York and Lancaster Counties), and North Central Maryland (principally, Baltimore and Harford County), is highly competitive. PeoplesBank competes through service and price, and by leveraging its hometown image. It competes with commercial banks and other financial service providers, such as thrifts, credit unions, consumer finance companies, investment firms and mortgage companies. Some financial service providers operating in PeoplesBank s service area operate on a national and regional scale and possess resources that are greater than PeoplesBank s. SUPERVISION AND REGULATION General The Corporation is registered as a bank holding company under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 (the BHCA and is subject to regulation and supervision by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve Board and by the Pennsylvania Department of Banking and Securities (the PADOBS ). The Corporation files annually a report of its operations with, and is subject to examination by, the Federal Reserve Board and the PADOBS. This regulation and oversight is generally intended to ensure that the Corporation limits its activities to those allowed by law and that it operates in a safe and sound manner without endangering the financial health of PeoplesBank. The common stock of the Corporation is registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The Corporation is subject to the proxy and tender offer rules, insider trading reporting requirements and restrictions, and certain other requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The Corporation s common stock is listed on the NASDAQ Global Market under the symbol CVLY. The NASDAQ Stock Market listing requirements impose additional requirements on the Corporation, including, among other things, rules relating to corporate governance and the composition and independence of its Board of Directors and various committees of the Board, such as the audit committee. PeoplesBank is a Pennsylvania-chartered bank subject to extensive regulation and examination by the PADOBS and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the FDIC ), and to certain requirements established by the Federal Reserve Board. The federal and state laws and regulations which are applicable to banks regulate, among other things, the scope of their business, their investments, their reserves against deposits, the payment of dividends, the timing of the availability of deposited funds and the nature and amount of and collateral for certain loans. There are periodic examinations by the PADOBS and the FDIC to test PeoplesBank s compliance with various regulatory requirements. This regulation and supervision establishes a comprehensive framework of activities in which an institution can engage and is intended primarily for the protection of the FDIC insurance fund and depositors. The regulatory structure also gives the regulatory authorities extensive discretion in connection with their supervisory and enforcement activities and examination policies, including policies with respect to the classification of assets and establishment of adequate loan loss reserves for regulatory purposes. Any change in such regulation, whether by the PADOBS, the FDIC, the Federal Reserve Board or the U.S. Congress could have a material adverse impact on the Corporation and PeoplesBank and their respective operations. Federal law provides the federal banking regulators, including the FDIC and the Federal Reserve Board, with substantial enforcement powers. This enforcement authority includes, among other things, the ability to assess civil 

 8 

money penalties, to issue cease-and-desist or removal orders, and to initiate injunctive actions against banking organizations and institution-affiliated parties, as defined. In general, these enforcement actions may be initiated for violations of laws and regulations and unsafe or unsound practices. Other actions or inactions may provide the basis for enforcement action, including misleading or untimely reports filed with regulatory authorities. Certain of the regulatory requirements that are applicable to the Corporation and PeoplesBank are described below. This description of statutes and regulations is not intended to be a complete explanation of such statutes and regulations and their effects on the Corporation and PeoplesBank and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the actual statutes and regulations. 2018 Regulatory Reform In May 2018 the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief and Consumer Protection Act (the 2018 Act ), was enacted to modify or remove certain financial reform rules and regulations, including some of those implemented under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act Dodd-Frank Act enacted in 2010. While the 2018 Act maintains most of the regulatory structure established by the Dodd-Frank Act, it amends certain aspects of the regulatory framework for small depository institutions with assets of less than 10 billion and for large banks with assets of more than 50 billion. Many of these changes resulted in meaningful regulatory relief for community banks such as PeoplesBank. The 2018 Act, among other matters, expanded the definition of qualified mortgages which may be held by a financial institution and simplifies the regulatory capital rules for financial institutions and their holding companies with total consolidated assets of less than 10 billion by instructing the federal banking regulators to establish a single Community Bank Leverage Ratio of between 8 and 10 percent to replace the leverage and risk-based regulatory capital ratios. The 2018 Act also expanded the category of holding companies that may rely on the Small Bank Holding Company and Savings and Loan Holding Company Policy Statement (the SBHC Policy by raising the maximum amount of assets a qualifying holding company may have from 1 billion to 3 billion. This expansion also excluded such holding companies from the minimum capital requirements of the Dodd-Frank Act. In addition, the 2018 Act included regulatory relief for community banks regarding regulatory examination cycles, call reports, the Volcker Rule (proprietary trading prohibitions), mortgage disclosures and risk weights for certain high-risk commercial real estate loans. Regulation of the Corporation Bank Holding Company Act Activities and Other Limitations . Under the BHCA, the Corporation must obtain the prior approval of the Federal Reserve Board before it may acquire control of another bank or bank holding company, merge or consolidate with another bank holding company, acquire all or substantially all of the assets of another bank or bank holding company, or acquire direct or indirect ownership or control of any voting shares of any bank or bank holding company if, after such acquisition, the Corporation would directly or indirectly own or control more than 5 of such shares. Federal statutes impose restrictions on the ability of a bank holding company and its nonbank subsidiaries to obtain extensions of credit from its subsidiary bank, on the subsidiary bank s investments in the stock or securities of the holding company, and on the subsidiary bank s accepting the holding company s stock or securities as collateral for loans to any borrower. A bank holding company and its subsidiaries are also prevented from engaging in certain so-called tie-in arrangements in connection with any extension of credit, lease or sale of property, or furnishing of services by the subsidiary bank. A bank holding company is required to serve as a source of financial and managerial strength to its subsidiary banks and may not conduct its operations in an unsafe or unsound manner. In addition, it has been the policy of the Federal Reserve Board that a bank holding company should stand ready to use available resources to provide adequate capital to its subsidiary banks during periods of financial stress or adversity and should maintain the financial flexibility and capital-raising capacity to obtain additional resources for assisting its subsidiary banks. A bank holding company s failure to meet its obligations to serve as a source of strength to its subsidiary banks will generally be considered by the Federal Reserve Board to be an unsafe and unsound banking practice or a violation of the Federal Reserve Board regulations, or both. The Dodd-Frank Act included a provision that directs federal regulators to require depository 

 9 

institution holding companies to serve as a source of strength for their depository institution subsidiaries. To date, no regulations have been promulgated to implement that provision. Non-Banking Activities. The business activities of the Corporation, as a bank holding company, are restricted by the BHCA. Under the BHCA and the Federal Reserve Board s bank holding company regulations, bank holding companies may only engage in, or acquire or control voting securities or assets of a company engaged in: banking or managing or controlling banks and other subsidiaries authorized under the BHCA; and any BHCA activity the Federal Reserve Board has determined to be so closely related that it is incidental to banking or managing or controlling banks. The Federal Reserve Board has determined by regulation that certain activities are closely related to banking including operating a mortgage company, finance company, credit card company, factoring company, trust company or savings association; performing certain data processing operations; providing limited securities brokerage services; acting as an investment or financial advisor; acting as an insurance agent for certain types of credit-related insurance; leasing personal property on a full-payout, non-operating basis; providing tax planning and preparation services; operating a collection agency; and providing certain courier services. Moreover, as discussed below, certain other activities are permissible for a bank holding company that becomes a financial holding company. Financial Holding Companies. Bank holding companies may also engage in a broad range of activities under a regulatory designation known as a financial holding company. A financial holding company essentially is a bank holding company with significantly expanded powers. Financial holding companies are authorized by statute to engage in a number of financial activities previously impermissible for bank holding companies, including securities underwriting, dealing and market making; sponsoring mutual funds and investment companies; insurance underwriting and agency; and merchant banking activities. The Federal Reserve Board and the Department of the Treasury are also authorized to permit additional activities for financial holding companies if the activities are financial in nature or incidental to financial activities. A bank holding company may become a financial holding company if each of its subsidiary banks is well-capitalized , well-managed , and has at least a satisfactory Community Reinvestment Act rating. A financial holding company must provide notice to the Federal Reserve Board within 30 days after commencing activities determined by statute or by the Federal Reserve Board and the Department of the Treasury to be permissible for financial holding companies. The Corporation has not commenced any such activities, or submitted such notices, however, it is not precluded from doing so in the future. Regulatory Capital Requirements. The Federal Reserve Board has adopted capital adequacy guidelines pursuant to which it assesses the adequacy of capital in examining and supervising a bank holding company and in analyzing applications under the BHCA. The Federal Reserve Board s capital adequacy guidelines for a bank holding company, on a consolidated basis, are similar to those imposed on PeoplesBank by the FDIC. See -Regulation of PeoplesBank - Capital Requirements below. Moreover, certain of the bank holding company capital requirements promulgated by the Federal Reserve Board in 2013 became effective as of January 1, 2017. Those requirements establish four minimum capital ratios that the Corporation had to comply with as of that date as set forth in the table below. However, in May 2016, amendments to the Federal Reserve Board s SBHC Policy became effective which increased the asset threshold to qualify to utilize the provisions of the SBHC Policy from 500 million to 1.0 billion. Subsequently, as part of the 2018 Act, the threshold was increased to 3.0 billion. Bank holding companies which are subject to the SBHC Policy are not subject to compliance with the regulatory capital requirements set forth in the table below until they exceed 3.0 billion in assets. As a consequence, as of December 31, 2022, the Corporation was not required to comply with the requirements set forth below and will not be subject to such requirements until such time that its consolidated total assets exceed 3.0 billion or the Federal Reserve Board determines that the Corporation is no longer deemed to be a small bank holding company. However, if the Corporation had been subject to the requirements, it would have been in compliance with such requirements. 

 10 

Capital Ratio Regulatory Minimum Common Equity Tier 1 Capital 4.5 Tier 1 Leverage Capital 4.0 Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital 6.0 Total Risk-Based Capital 8.0 
 The Tier 1 Leverage Capital requirement is calculated as a percentage of total assets and the other three capital requirements are calculated as a percentage of risk-weighted assets. In addition to the minimum capital requirements, if the Corporation s assets exceed 3.0 billion, to avoid becoming subject to restrictions on capital distributions and certain discretionary bonus payments to management, the Corporation would be required to also maintain a Capital Conservation Buffer of at least 2.50 , consisting of Common Equity Tier 1 Capital to risk-weighted assets. For a more detailed discussion of the capital rules, see Regulatory Capital Regulations under Regulation of PeoplesBank below. Restrictions on Dividends and Share Repurchases. The Corporation s ability to declare and pay dividends may depend in part on dividends received from PeoplesBank. The Pennsylvania Banking Code of 1965 regulates the distribution of dividends by banks and states, in part, that dividends may be declared and paid out of accumulated net earnings, provided that the bank continues to meet its surplus requirements. In addition, dividends may not be declared or paid if PeoplesBank is in default in payment of any assessment due the FDIC. A Federal Reserve Board policy statement on the payment of cash dividends states that a bank holding company should pay cash dividends only to the extent that the holding company s net income for the past year is sufficient to cover both the cash dividends and a rate of earnings retention that is consistent with the holding company s capital needs, asset quality and overall financial condition. The Federal Reserve Board s policy statement also provides that it would be inappropriate for a company experiencing serious financial problems to borrow funds to pay dividends. Furthermore, under the federal prompt corrective action regulations, the Federal Reserve Board may prohibit a bank holding company from paying any dividends if the holding company s bank subsidiary is classified as undercapitalized. See -Regulation of PeoplesBank - Prompt Corrective Action below. Section 225.4(b)(1) of Regulation Y promulgated by the Federal Reserve Board requires that a bank holding company that is not well-capitalized or well-managed , or that is subject to any unresolved supervisory issues, provide prior notice to the Federal Reserve Board for any repurchase or redemption of its equity securities for cash or other value that would reduce by 10 percent or more the bank holding company s consolidated net worth aggregated over the preceding 12-month period. The Federal Reserve Bank may disapprove such a purchase or redemption if it determines that the proposal would constitute an unsafe or unsound practice or would violate any law, regulation, Federal Reserve Board order or any condition imposed by, or written agreement with, the Federal Reserve Board. As of December 31, 2022, neither the Corporation nor PeoplesBank were subject to any supervisory restrictions on their respective ability to pay dividends. Federal Securities Laws and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The Corporation s common stock is registered with the SEC under Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The Corporation is subject to the proxy and tender offer rules, insider trading reporting requirements and restrictions, and certain other requirements under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. As a public company, the Corporation is also subject to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 SOA ), which is applicable to all companies, both U.S. and non-U.S., that file periodic reports under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The stated goals of the SOA were to increase corporate responsibility, to provide for enhanced penalties for accounting and auditing improprieties at publicly traded companies and to protect investors by improving the accuracy and reliability of corporate disclosures pursuant to the securities laws. The SEC is responsible for establishing rules to implement various provisions of the SOA. The SOA includes specific disclosure requirements and corporate governance rules, requires the SEC and securities exchanges to adopt extensive additional disclosure, corporate governance and other related rules and mandates further studies of certain issues by the SEC. The SOA represents significant regulation of the accounting profession and corporate governance practices, such as the relationship between a board of directors and management and between a board of directors and its committees. As directed by the SOA, the Corporation s principal executive officer and principal financial officer are required to certify that the Corporation s quarterly and annual reports do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact. The 

 11 

rules adopted by the SEC under the SOA have several requirements, including having these officers certify that: they are responsible for establishing, maintaining and regularly evaluating the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting; they have made certain disclosures to the Corporation s auditors and the audit committee of the Board of Directors about the Corporation s internal control over financial reporting; and they have included information in the Corporation s quarterly and annual reports about their evaluation and whether there have been changes in the Corporation s internal control over financial reporting or in other factors that could materially affect the Corporation s internal control over financial reporting. On March 12, 2020, the SEC issued a final rule under the SOA Amendments to the Accelerated Filer and Large Accelerated Filer Definitions. As a result of the amendments, certain low revenue filers will remain obligated to provide a report by management assessing the effectiveness of the Corporation s internal control over financial reporting ICFR ), but are not required to provide an attestation report from the Corporation s independent auditor assessing the effectiveness of the Corporation s ICFR. The Corporation meets the amended definition and is not required to provide an attestation report from its independent auditor assessing the effectiveness of its ICFR. PeoplesBank remains subject to independent auditor attestation under FDIC regulation 363.3(b). Volcker Rule Regulations. Regulations have been adopted by the federal banking agencies to implement the provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act commonly referred to as the Volcker Rule. The regulations contain prohibitions and restrictions on the ability of financial institutions holding companies and their affiliates to engage in proprietary trading and to hold certain interests in, or to have certain relationships with, various types of investment funds, including hedge funds and private equity funds. However federal regulations exclude from the Volcker Rule restrictions community banks with 10 billion or less in total consolidated assets and total trading assets and liabilities of five percent or less of total consolidated assets. The Corporation qualifies for the exclusion from the Volcker Rule restrictions. Limitations on Transactions with Affiliates. Transactions between insured financial institutions and any affiliate are governed by Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act. An affiliate of an insured financial institution is any company or entity which controls, is controlled by or is under common control with the insured financial institution. In a bank holding company context, the bank holding company of an insured financial institution (such as the Corporation) and any companies which are controlled by such holding company are affiliates of the insured financial institution. Generally, Section 23A limits the extent to which the insured financial institution or its subsidiaries may engage in covered transactions with any one affiliate to an amount equal to 10 of such institution s capital stock and surplus, and contains an aggregate limit on all such transactions with all affiliates to an amount equal to 20 of such capital stock and surplus. Section 23B applies to covered transactions as well as certain other transactions and requires that all transactions be on terms substantially the same, or at least as favorable to the insured financial institution, as those provided to a non-affiliate. The term covered transaction includes the making of loans to, purchase of assets from and issuance of a guarantee to an affiliate and similar transactions. Section 23B transactions also include the provision of services and the sale of assets by an insured financial institution to an affiliate. Limitations on Loans to Insiders. Sections 22(g) and (h) of the Federal Reserve Act place restrictions on loans to executive officers, directors and principal stockholders. Under Section 22(h), loans to a director, an executive officer and to a greater than 10 stockholder of an insured financial institution, and certain affiliated interests of either, may not exceed, together with all other outstanding loans to such person and affiliated interests, the insured financial institution s loans to one borrower limit (generally equal to 15 of the institution s unimpaired capital and surplus). Section 22(h) also requires that loans to directors, executive officers and principal stockholders be made on terms substantially the same as offered in comparable transactions to other persons unless the loans are made pursuant to a benefit or compensation program that (i) is widely available to employees of the institution and (ii) does not give preference to any director, executive officer or principal stockholder, or certain affiliated interests of either, over other employees of the insured financial institution. Section 22(h) also requires prior board approval for certain loans. In addition, the aggregate amount of extensions of credit by an insured financial institution to all insiders cannot exceed the institution s unimpaired capital and surplus. Furthermore, Section 22(g) places additional restrictions on loans to executive officers. At December 31, 2022, PeoplesBank was in compliance with the above restrictions. Regulation of PeoplesBank Pennsylvania Banking Law . The Pennsylvania Banking Code of 1965 (the PA Banking Code contains detailed provisions governing the organization, location of offices, rights and responsibilities of directors, officers, employees and members, as well as corporate powers, savings and investment operations and other aspects of PeoplesBank and its affairs. The Banking Code delegates extensive rulemaking power and administrative discretion to the PADOBS so 

 12 

that the supervision and regulation of state-chartered banks may be flexible and readily responsive to changes in economic conditions and in savings and lending practices. One of the purposes of the PA Banking Code is to provide banks with the opportunity to be competitive with each other and with other financial institutions existing under other Pennsylvania laws and other state, federal and foreign laws. A Pennsylvania bank may locate or change the location of its principal place of business and establish an office anywhere in Pennsylvania, with the prior approval of the PADOBS. The PADOBS generally examines each bank not less frequently than once every two years. Although the PADOBS may accept the examinations and reports of the FDIC in lieu of its own examination, the present practice is for the PADOBS to alternate conducting examinations with the FDIC. The PADOBS may order any bank to discontinue any violation of law or unsafe or unsound business practice and may direct any director, trustee, officer, attorney or employee of a bank engaged in an objectionable activity, after the PADOBS has ordered the activity to be terminated, to show cause at a hearing before the PADOBS why such person should not be removed. Insurance of Accounts. The deposits of PeoplesBank are insured to the maximum extent permitted by the Deposit Insurance Fund and are backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. Government. The Dodd-Frank Act increased deposit insurance on most accounts to 250,000. As insurer, the FDIC is authorized to conduct examinations of, and to require reporting by, insured institutions. It also may prohibit any insured institution from engaging in any activity determined by regulation or order to pose a serious threat to the FDIC. The FDIC also has the authority to initiate enforcement actions against savings institutions. The FDIC assesses deposit insurance premiums on the assessment base of a depository institution, which is its average total assets reduced by the amount of its average tangible equity. For a small institution (one with assets of less than 10 billion) that has been federally insured for at least five years, effective July 1, 2016, the initial base assessment rate ranges from 3 to 30 basis points, based on the institution s CAMELS composite and component ratings and certain financial ratios; its leverage ratio; its ratio of net income before taxes to total assets; its ratio of nonperforming loans and leases to gross assets; its ratio of other real estate owned to gross assets; its brokered deposits ratio (excluding reciprocal deposits if the institution is well-capitalized and has a CAMELS composite rating of 1 or 2); its one year asset growth ratio (which penalizes growth adjusted for mergers in excess of 10 ); and its loan mix index (which penalizes higher risk loans based on historical industry charge off rates). The initial base assessment rate is subject to downward adjustment (not below 1.5 based on the ratio of unsecured debt the institution has issued to its assessment base and to upward adjustment (which can cause the rate to exceed 30 basis points) based on its holdings of unsecured debt issued by other insured institutions. Institutions with assets of 10 billion or more are assessed using a scorecard method. The FDIC may terminate the deposit insurance of any insured depository institution, including PeoplesBank, if it determines after a hearing that the institution has engaged or is engaging in unsafe or unsound practices, is in an unsafe or unsound condition to continue operations, or has violated any applicable law, regulation, order or any condition imposed by an agreement with the FDIC. It also may suspend deposit insurance temporarily during the hearing process for the permanent termination of insurance if the institution has no tangible capital. If insurance of accounts is terminated, the accounts at the institution at the time of the termination, less subsequent withdrawals, shall continue to be insured for a period of six months to two years, as determined by the FDIC. Management is not aware of any existing circumstances which could result in termination of PeoplesBank s deposit insurance. Regulatory Capital Requirements . Unless a community bank qualifies and elects to comply with the community bank leverage ratio requirement described below, federal regulations require FDIC-insured depository institutions to meet several minimum capital standards: a common equity Tier 1 capital to risk-based assets ratio of 4.5 , a Tier 1capital to risk-based assets of 6.0 , a total capital to risk-based assets ratio of 8.0 and a Tier 1 capital to average assets leverage ratio of 4.0 . In addition, in order to make capital distributions and pay discretionary bonuses to executive officers without restriction, an institution must also maintain greater than 2.5 in common equity attributable to a capital conservation buffer. The existing capital requirements were effective January 1, 2015 and were the result of a final rule implementing regulatory amendments based on recommendations of the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision and certain requirements of the Dodd-Frank Act. Effective January 1, 2020, qualifying community banking organizations may elect to comply with a greater than 9 community bank leverage ratio (the CBLR requirement in lieu of the currently applicable requirements for 

 13 

calculating and reporting risk-based capital ratios. The CBLR is equal to Tier 1 capital divided by average total consolidated assets. In order to qualify for the CBLR election, a community bank must (i) have a leverage capital ratio greater than 9 percent, (2) have less than 10 billion in average total consolidated assets, (3) not exceed certain levels of off-balance sheet exposure and trading assets plus trading liabilities and (4) not be an advanced approaches banking organization. A community bank that meets the above qualifications and elects to utilize the CBLR is considered to have satisfied the risk-based and leverage capital requirements in the generally applicable capital rules and is also considered to be well-capitalized under the prompt corrective action rules. As of December 31, 2022, PeoplesBank had not elected to be subject to the CBLR requirement. Common equity Tier 1 capital is generally defined as common stockholders equity and retained earnings. Tier 1 capital is generally defined as common equity Tier 1 and additional Tier 1 capital. Additional Tier 1 capital includes certain noncumulative perpetual preferred stock and related surplus and minority interests in equity accounts of consolidated subsidiaries. Total capital includes Tier 1 capital (common equity Tier 1 capital plus additional Tier 1 capital) and Tier 2 capital. Tier 2 capital is comprised of capital instruments and related surplus, meeting specified requirements, and may include cumulative preferred stock and long-term perpetual preferred stock, mandatory convertible securities, intermediate preferred stock and subordinated debt. Also included in Tier 2 capital is the allowance for loan and lease losses limited to a maximum of 1.25 of risk-weighted assets and, for institutions that have exercised an opt-out election regarding the treatment of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income AOCI ), up to 45 of net unrealized gains on available-for-sale equity securities with readily determinable fair market values. Institutions that have not exercised the AOCI opt-out have AOCI incorporated into common equity Tier 1 capital (including unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale-securities). PeoplesBank exercised its AOCI opt-out election. Calculation of all types of regulatory capital is subject to deductions and adjustments specified in the regulations. In determining the amount of risk-weighted assets for purposes of calculating risk-based capital ratios, all assets, including certain off-balance sheet assets (e.g., recourse obligations, direct credit substitutes, residual interests) are multiplied by a risk weight factor assigned by the regulations based on the risks believed inherent in the type of asset. Higher levels of capital are required for asset categories believed to present greater risk. For example, a risk weight of 0 is assigned to cash and U.S. government securities, a risk weight of 50 is generally assigned to prudently underwritten first lien one- to four-family residential real estate loans, a risk weight of 100 is assigned to commercial and consumer loans, a risk weight of 150 is assigned to certain past due loans and a risk weight of between 0 to 600 is assigned to permissible equity interests, depending on certain specified factors. At December 31, 2022, PeoplesBank exceeded all of its regulatory capital requirements, with Tier 1 leverage (to average assets), Tier 1 common equity (to risk-weighted assets), Tier 1 (to risk-weighted assets) and Total risk-based capital ratios of 10.96 , 14.15 , 14.15 and 15.34 , respectively. Additional information can be found in Note 9 Regulatory Matters. Any bank that fails any of the capital requirements is subject to possible enforcement action by the FDIC. Such action could include a capital directive, a cease and desist order, civil money penalties, the establishment of restrictions on the institution s operations, termination of federal deposit insurance and the appointment of a conservator or receiver. The FDIC s capital regulations provide that such actions, through enforcement proceedings or otherwise, could require one or more of a variety of corrective actions. PADOBS Capital Requirements. PeoplesBank is also subject to more stringent PADOBS capital guidelines. Although not adopted in regulation form, the PADOBS utilizes capital standards requiring a minimum of 6 leverage capital and 10 risk-based capital. The components of leverage and risk-based capital are substantially the same as those defined by the FDIC. At December 31, 2022, PeoplesBank s capital ratios exceeded each of the regulatory capital requirements. 

 14 

Prompt Corrective Action. The following table shows the amount of capital associated with the different capital categories set forth in the FDIC s prompt corrective action regulations (and does not take into account the potential determination to elect to use the CBLR). Total Tier 1 Tier 1 Tier 1 Risk-Based Risk-Based Common Equity Leverage Capital Category Capital Capital Capital Capital Well-capitalized 10 or more 8 or more 6.5 or more 5 or more Adequately capitalized 8 or more 6 or more 4.5 or more 4 or more Undercapitalized Less than 8 Less than 6 Less than 4.5 Less than 4 Significantly undercapitalized Less than 6 Less than 4 Less than 3 Less than 3 
 In addition, an institution is critically undercapitalized if it has a ratio of tangible equity to total assets that is equal to or less than 2.0 . Under specified circumstances, a federal banking agency may reclassify a well-capitalized institution as adequately capitalized and may require an adequately capitalized institution or an undercapitalized institution to comply with supervisory actions as if it were in the next lower category (except that the FDIC may not reclassify a significantly undercapitalized institution as critically undercapitalized). An institution generally must file a written capital restoration plan which meets specified requirements within 45 days of the date that the institution receives notice or is deemed to have notice that it is undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized or critically undercapitalized. A federal banking agency must provide the institution with written notice of approval or disapproval within 60 days after receiving a capital restoration plan, subject to extensions by the agency. An institution which is required to submit a capital restoration plan must concurrently submit a performance guaranty by each company that controls the institution. In addition, undercapitalized institutions are subject to various regulatory restrictions, and the appropriate federal banking agency also may take any number of discretionary supervisory actions. At December 31, 2022, PeoplesBank was deemed to be a well-capitalized institution for purposes of the prompt corrective action regulations and as such is not subject to the above mentioned restrictions. Activities and Investments of Insured State-Chartered Banks. The activities and equity investments of FDIC-insured, state-chartered banks are generally limited to those that are permissible for national banks or a federal savings association. Under regulations dealing with equity investments, an insured state bank generally may not directly or indirectly acquire or retain any equity investment of a type, or in an amount, that is not permissible for a national bank or a federal savings association. The FDIC has adopted regulations pertaining to the other activity restrictions imposed upon insured state-chartered banks and their subsidiaries. Pursuant to such regulations, insured state banks engaging in impermissible activities may seek approval from the FDIC to continue such activities, and state banks not engaging in such activities but that desire to engage in otherwise impermissible activities either directly or through a subsidiary may apply for approval from the FDIC to do so. Restrictions on Capital Distributions. Under federal rules, an insured depository institution may not pay any dividend if making such payments would cause it to become undercapitalized or if it is already undercapitalized. In addition, federal regulators have the authority to restrict or prohibit the payment of dividends for safety and soundness reasons. The FDIC also prohibits an insured depository institution from paying dividends on its capital stock or interest on its capital notes or debentures (if such interest is required to be paid only out of net profits) or distributing any of its capital assets while it remains in default in the payment of any assessment due the FDIC. PeoplesBank is currently not in default in any assessment payment to the FDIC. The PA Banking Code also restricts the payment and amount of dividends, including the requirement that dividends be paid only out of accumulated net earnings. Incentive Compensation. Guidelines adopted by the federal banking agencies pursuant to the Federal Deposit Insurance Act prohibit payment of excessive compensation as an unsafe and unsound practice and describe compensation as excessive when the amounts paid are unreasonable or disproportionate to the services performed by an executive officer, employee, director or principal stockholder. 

 15 

In June 2010, the federal banking agencies issued comprehensive guidance on incentive compensation policies (the Incentive Compensation Guidance intended to ensure that the incentive compensation policies of banking organizations do not undermine the safety and soundness of such organizations by encouraging excessive risk-taking. The Incentive Compensation Guidance, which covers all employees that have the ability to materially affect the risk profile of an organization, either individually or as part of a group, is based upon the key principles that a banking organization s incentive compensation arrangements should (i) provide incentives that do not encourage risk-taking beyond the organization s ability to effectively identify and manage risks, (ii) be compatible with effective internal controls and risk management, and (iii) be supported by strong corporate governance, including active and effective oversight by the organization s board of directors. Any deficiencies in compensation practices that are identified may be incorporated into the organization s supervisory ratings, which can affect its ability to make acquisitions or perform other actions. The Incentive Compensation Guidance provides that enforcement actions may be taken against a banking organization if its incentive compensation arrangements or related risk-management control or governance processes pose a risk to the organization s safety and soundness and the organization is not taking prompt and effective measures to correct the deficiencies. Standards for Safety and Soundness. As required by statute, the federal banking agencies adopted final regulations and Interagency Guidelines Establishing Standards for Safety and Soundness. The guidelines set forth the safety and soundness standards that the federal banking agencies use to identify and address problems at insured depository institutions before capital becomes impaired. The guidelines address internal controls and information systems, internal audit systems, credit underwriting, loan documentation, interest rate exposure, asset growth, asset quality, earnings and compensation, fees and benefits. The agencies have also established standards for safeguarding customer information. If the relevant federal banking agency determines that an institution fails to meet any standard prescribed by the guidelines, the agency may require the institution to submit to the agency an acceptable plan to achieve compliance with the standard. Privacy Requirements. Federal law places limitations on financial institutions like PeoplesBank regarding the sharing of consumer financial information with unaffiliated third parties. Specifically, these provisions require all financial institutions offering financial products or services to retail customers to provide such customers with the financial institution s privacy policy and provide such customers the opportunity to opt out of the sharing of personal financial information with unaffiliated third parties. PeoplesBank currently has a privacy protection policy in place and believes such policy complies with applicable regulations. Anti-Money Laundering. Federal anti-money laundering rules impose various requirements on financial institutions to prevent the use of the U.S. financial system to fund terrorist activities. These provisions include a requirement that financial institutions operating in the United States have anti-money laundering compliance programs, due diligence policies and controls in place to ensure the detection and reporting of money laundering. Such compliance programs supplement existing compliance requirements, also applicable to financial institutions, under the Bank Secrecy Act and the Office of Foreign Assets Control Regulations. PeoplesBank has established policies and procedures to ensure compliance with the federal anti-money laundering provisions. PeoplesBank is also subject to the USA PATRIOT Act, which gave federal agencies additional powers to address terrorist threats through enhanced domestic security measures, expanded surveillance powers, increased information sharing, and broadened anti-money laundering requirements. By way of amendments to the Bank Secrecy Act, Title III of the USA PATRIOT Act provided measures intended to encourage information sharing among bank regulatory agencies and law enforcement bodies. Further, certain provisions of Title III impose affirmative obligations on a broad range of financial institutions, including banks, thrifts, brokers, dealers, credit unions, money transfer agents, and parties registered under the Commodity Exchange Act. Cybersecurity. The federal banking agencies have adopted guidelines for establishing information security standards and cybersecurity programs for implementing safeguards under the supervision of a financial institution s board of directors. These guidelines, along with related regulatory materials, and supervisory examinations (by federal and state regulators) increasingly focus on risk management and processes related to information technology and the use of third parties in the provision of financial products and services. The banking agencies expect financial institutions to establish lines of defense and ensure that their risk management processes also address the risk posed by compromised customer credentials, and also expect financial institutions to maintain sufficient business continuity planning processes to ensure rapid recovery, resumption and maintenance of the institution s operations after a cyber-attack. If the Corporation and PeoplesBank fail to meet the expectations set forth in this regulatory guidance, they could be subject to various regulatory actions as well as remediation efforts which may cause them to incur significant 

 16 

expense. In addition, in 2021, the federal banking agencies adopted a rule to establish computer-security incident notification requirements for bank holding companies, banks and their service providers. Under the rule, banking organizations are required to notify their primary federal regulators within 36 hours of any incident that has materially disrupted or degraded, or is reasonably likely to materially disrupt or degrade, the banking organization s ability to deliver banking services to a material portion of its client base, jeopardize the viability of key operations, or impact the financial stability of the financial sector. The rule also imposes certain notification requirements on third-party bank service providers when they experience a computer-security incident that has caused, or is likely to cause a material service disruption or degradation for four or more hours. In such case, the service provider is required to notify its bank-designated point of contact as soon as possible upon discovery of the incident. UDAP and UDAAP. Recently, banking regulatory agencies have increasingly used a general consumer protection statute to address unethical or otherwise bad business practices that may not necessarily fall directly under the purview of a specific banking or consumer finance law. The law of choice for enforcement against such business practices has been Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act (the FTC Act ), which is the primary federal law that prohibits unfair or deceptive acts or practices, referred to as UDAP, and unfair methods of competition in or affecting commerce. Unjustified consumer injury is the principal focus of the FTC Act. Prior to the Dodd- Frank Act, there was little formal guidance to provide insight to the parameters for compliance with UDAP laws and regulations. However, UDAP laws and regulations have been expanded under the Dodd-Frank Act to apply to unfair, deceptive or abusive acts or practices, referred to as UDAAP, which have been delegated to the CFPB for supervision. The CFPB has published its first Supervision and Examination Manual that addresses compliance with and the examination of UDAAP. The potential reach of the CFPB s broad new rulemaking powers and UDAAP authority on the operations of financial institutions offering consumer financial products or services, including PeoplesBank, is currently unknown. Community Reinvestment Act. All insured depository institutions have a responsibility under the Community Reinvestment Act CRA and related regulations to help meet the credit needs of their communities, including low- and moderate-income neighborhoods. An institution s failure to comply with the provisions of the CRA could result in restrictions on its activities. The CRA does not establish specific lending requirements or programs for financial institutions nor does it limit an institution s discretion to develop the types of products and services that it believes are best suited to its particular community, consistent with the CRA. The CRA requires the FDIC, in connection with its examination of a state bank, to assess the institution s record of meeting the credit needs of its community and to take such record into account in its evaluation of certain applications by such institution, including applications to acquire branches and other financial institutions. PeoplesBank received a satisfactory CRA rating in its most recently completed examination in 2021. Consumer Protection and Fair Lending Regulations. Pennsylvania-chartered banks are subject to a variety of federal statutes and regulations that are intended to protect consumers and prohibit discrimination in the granting of credit. These statutes and regulations provide for a range of sanctions for non-compliance with their terms, including the imposition of administrative fines and remedial orders, and referral to the Attorney General for prosecution of a civil action for actual and punitive damages and injunctive relief. Certain of these statutes authorize private individual and class action lawsuits and the award of actual, statutory and punitive damages and attorneys fees for certain types of violations. Commercial Real Estate Guidance. Under guidance issued by the federal banking agencies, the agencies have expressed concerns with institutions that ease commercial real estate underwriting standards and have directed financial institutions to maintain underwriting discipline and exercise risk management practices to identify, measure and monitor lending risks. The agencies have also issued guidance that requires a financial institution to employ enhanced risk management practices if the institution is exposed to significant concentration risk. Under that guidance, an institution is potentially exposed to significant concentration risk if: (i) total reported loans for construction, land development, and other land represent 100 or more of total capital or (ii) total reported loans secured by multi-family and non-farm residential properties, loans for construction, land development, and other land loans otherwise sensitive to the general commercial real estate market, including loans to commercial real estate related entities, represent 300 or more of total capital, and the outstanding balance of the institution s commercial real estate loan portfolio has increased by 50 or more during the prior 36 months. Other Regulations. Interest and other charges collected or contracted for by PeoplesBank are subject to state usury laws and federal laws concerning interest rates. Loan operations are also subject to state and federal laws applicable to credit transactions, such as the: 

 17 

Home Mortgage Disclosure Act of 1975, requiring financial institutions to provide information to enable the public and public officials to determine whether a financial institution is fulfilling its obligation to help meet the housing needs of the community it serves; Equal Credit Opportunity Act, prohibiting discrimination on the basis of race, creed or other prohibited factors in extending credit; Fair Credit Reporting Act of 1978, governing the use and provision of information to credit reporting agencies; and Rules and regulations of the various federal and state agencies charged with the responsibility of implementing such federal and state laws. The deposit operations of PeoplesBank also are subject to, among others, the: Right to Financial Privacy Act, which imposes a duty to maintain the confidentiality of consumer financial records and prescribes procedures for complying with administrative subpoenas of financial records; Check Clearing for the 21st Century Act (also known as Check 21 ), which gives substitute checks, such as digital check images and copies made from that image, the same legal standing as the original paper check; and Electronic Funds Transfer Act and Regulation E promulgated thereunder, which govern automatic deposits to and withdrawals from deposit accounts and customers rights and liabilities arising from the use of automated teller machines and other electronic banking services. The Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act ). The CARES Act, which became law on March 27, 2020, provided over 2 trillion to combat the coronavirus disease (COVID-19) and stimulate the economy. The law had several provisions relevant to financial institutions, including: Allowing institutions to not characterize loan modifications relating to the COVID-19 pandemic as a troubled debt restructuring and also allowing them to suspend the corresponding impairment determination for accounting purposes; The establishment of the Paycheck Protection Program, a specialized low-interest forgivable loan program funded by the U.S. Treasury and administered through the SBA s 7(a) loan guaranty program to support businesses affected by the COVID-19 pandemic; and The ability of a borrower of a federally-backed mortgage loan (VA, FHA, USDA, Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae) experiencing financial hardship due, directly or indirectly, to the COVID-19 pandemic, to request forbearance from paying their mortgage by submitting a request to the borrower s servicer affirming their financial hardship during the COVID-19 emergency. Such a forbearance could be granted for up to 180 days, subject to extension for an additional 180-day period upon the request of the borrower. During that time, no fees, penalties or interest beyond the amounts scheduled or calculated as if the borrower made all contractual payments on time and in full under the mortgage contract could accrue on the borrower s account. Except for vacant or abandoned property, the servicer of a federally-backed mortgage was prohibited from taking any foreclosure action, including any eviction or sale action, for not less than the 60-day period beginning March 18, 2020, subsequently extended by federal mortgage-backing agencies. Federal Home Loan Bank System. PeoplesBank is a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh, which is one of 11 regional Federal Home Loan Banks. Each Federal Home Loan Bank serves as a reserve or central bank for its members within its assigned region. It is funded primarily from proceeds from the sale of consolidated obligations of the Federal Home Loan Bank System. It makes loans to members (i.e., advances) in accordance with policies and procedures established by the board of directors of the Federal Home Loan Bank. 

 18 

As a member, PeoplesBank is required to purchase and maintain stock in the Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh in an amount in accordance with the Federal Home Loan Bank s capital plan and sufficient to ensure that the Federal Home Loan Bank remains in compliance with its minimum capital requirements. At December 31, 2022, PeoplesBank was in compliance with this requirement. Federal Reserve Board. The Federal Reserve Board requires all depository institutions to maintain non-interest bearing reserves at specified levels against their transaction accounts, which are primarily checking and NOW accounts, and non-personal time deposits. The balances maintained to meet the reserve requirements imposed by the Federal Reserve Board may be used to satisfy the liquidity requirements that are imposed by the PADOB. In 2020, due to a change in its approach to monetary policy due to COVID-19, the Federal Reserve Board implemented a final rule to amend its reserve requirements and reduce reserve requirement ratios to zero. The Federal Reserve Board has indicated that it has no plans to re-impose reserve requirements, but may do so in the future if conditions warrant. Future Laws and Regulations. Periodically, various federal and state legislation is proposed that could result in additional regulation of, and restrictions on, the business of Codorus Valley and PeoplesBank. It cannot be predicted whether such legislation will be adopted or, if adopted, how such legislation would affect the business of Codorus Valley and its subsidiaries. As a consequence of the extensive regulation of commercial banking activities in the United States, Codorus Valley s and PeoplesBank s business is particularly susceptible to being affected by federal legislation and regulations. The general cost of compliance with numerous federal and state laws and regulations has had, and in the future may have, a negative impact on Codorus Valley s results of operations. Other Information This Annual Report on Form 10-K is filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). Copies of this document, the Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, amendments to those reports and other filings by Codorus Valley with the SEC may be obtained electronically at PeoplesBank s website at www.peoplesbanknet.com (select Your Life or Your Business , then select Investor Relations , then select Filings , then select Documents ), or the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. Copies can also be obtained without charge by writing to: Treasurer, Codorus Valley B ancorp, Inc., 105 Leader Heights Road, York, PA 17403. Where we have included web addresses in this report, such as the Corporation s web address, we have included these web addresses as inactive text references only. Except as specifically incorporated by reference into this report, information on those websites is not part hereof. Item 1A: Risk Factors Before investing in our common stock, you should carefully consider the risks described below, in addition to the other information contained in this report and in our other filings with the SEC. Unless the context otherwise requires, references to we, us, our, Codorus Valley Bancorp, Inc., Codorus Valley or the Corporation refer to Codorus Valley Bancorp, Inc. and its direct or indirect owned subsidiaries, and references to PeoplesBank refers to PeoplesBank, A Codorus Valley Company, the wholly owned banking subsidiary of the Corporation. Risks Related to Macroeconomic Conditions Difficult economic conditions or volatility in the financial markets would likely have an adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations. As a financial services company, our business and overall financial performance are vulnerable to the impact of poor or weak economic conditions, particularly in the United States but also to some extent in the global economy. Recessionary economic conditions, particularly if they are severe, are likely to have a negative financial impact across the financial services industry, including on Codorus Valley. Recessionary economic conditions can also lead to turmoil and volatility in financial markets, which can increase the adverse impact on financial institutions such as the Corporation. A return to recessionary economic conditions in the United States would likely adversely affect us, our business and financial performance. In addition, if the U.S. Congress were not to act favorably on measures to raise the debt ceiling, the U.S. government could default on payment of its debt. This could lead to a government shutdown and other consequences which could adversely affect the United States economy and financial institutions, including us. 

 19 

Financial challenges at other banking institutions could lead to depositor concerns that spread within the banking industry causing disruptive deposit outflows and other destabilizing results. In March 2023, certain specialized banking institutions with elevated concentrations of uninsured deposits experienced large deposit outflows, resulting in the institutions being placed into FDIC receiverships. In the aftermath, there has been substantial market disruption and indications that deposit concerns could spread within the banking industry, leading to deposit outflows and other destabilizing results. The Corporation maintains a well-diversified deposit base and has a comparatively low level of uninsured deposits. As of December 31, 2022, 82 of our deposits are estimated to be FDIC-insured, and an additional 6 of deposit were fully collateralized. The average account size of our consumer deposits is less than 18,000, and the average account size of our business deposits is less than 89,000. The continuing COVID-19 pandemic has, and may continue to, adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity, capital and results of operations. The extent and duration to which the continuing COVID-19 pandemic will affect our business in the future is unknown and will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and outside our control. These developments include the duration and severity of the pandemic (including the possibility of further surges of COVID-19 variants of concern), supply chain disruptions, decreased demand for our products and services or those of our borrowers, which could increase our credit risk, rising inflation, our ability to maintain sufficient qualified personnel due to labor shortages, talent attrition, employee illness, quarantine, willingness to return to work, face-coverings and other safety requirements, or travel and other restrictions, and the actions taken by governments, businesses and individuals to contain the impact of COVID-19, as well as further actions taken by governmental authorities to limit the resulting economic impact. It is also possible that the pandemic and its aftermath will lead to a prolonged economic slowdown in sectors disproportionately affected by the pandemic or recession in the U.S. economy or the world economy in general. Risks Related to Market Interest Rates and Inflation Our business is subject to interest rate risk, and variations in interest rates may materially and adversely affect our financial performance. Changes in the interest rate environment may reduce our profits. It is expected that we will continue to realize income from the differential or spread between the interest earned on loans, securities and other interest-earning assets, and the interest paid on deposits, borrowings and other interest-bearing liabilities. Net interest spreads are affected, in part, by the difference between the maturities and repricing characteristics of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. Changes in market interest rates generally affect loan volume, loan yields, funding sources and funding costs. Our net interest spread depends on many factors that are partly or completely out of our control, including competition, general economic conditions, and federal economic monetary and fiscal policies, and in particular, the Federal Reserve Board s policy determinations with respect to interest rates. After the Federal the Federal Reserve System s Open Market Committee FOMC steadily increased the target federal funds rate in 2017 and 2018, the FOMC in 2019 decreased the target federal funds rate by 75 basis points, and in response to the COVID-19 pandemic in March 2020, effected an additional 150 basis point decrease to a range of 0.00 to 0.25 as of March 31, 2020 where it had remained until the FOMC increased the target federal funds rate by 25 basis points to a range of 0.25 to 0.50 in March 2022. From March through December 2022, in response to inflation, the FOMC increased the targeted federal funds rate seven separate times, raising the rate by 425 basis points to a range of 4.25 to 4.50 . The FOMC has indicated further increases are to be expected in 2023 but the exact timing and extent remain unknown and are largely subject to economic conditions. While an increase in interest rates may increase our loan yield, it may adversely affect the ability of certain borrowers with variable-rate loans to pay the contractual interest and principal due to us. Following an increase in interest rates, our ability to maintain a positive net interest spread is dependent on our ability to increase our loan offering rates, replace loans that mature and repay or that prepay before maturity with new originations at higher rates, minimize increases on our deposit rates, and maintain an acceptable level and composition of funding. We cannot provide assurances that we will be able to increase our loan offering rates and continue to originate loans due to the competitive landscape in which we operate. Additionally, we cannot provide assurances that we can minimize the increases in our deposit rates while maintaining an acceptable level of deposits. Finally, we cannot provide any assurances that we can maintain our current levels of noninterest-bearing deposits as customers may seek higher-yielding products when interest rates increase. 

 20 

Accordingly, changes in levels of interest rates could materially and adversely affect our net interest margin, asset quality, loan origination volume, average loan portfolio balance, liquidity, and overall profitability. Furthermore, a sustained increase in market interest rates could adversely affect our earnings. A significant portion of our loans have fixed interest rates and longer terms than our deposits and borrowings. As is the case with many other financial institutions, our emphasis on increasing the development of core deposits, which bear no or a relatively low rate of interest with no stated maturity date, has resulted in our having a significant amount of these deposits that have a shorter duration than our assets. At December 31, 2022, we had 262.9 million in certificates of deposit that mature within one year and 1.56 billion in checking, savings, and money market accounts . We incur a higher cost of funds to retain these deposits in a rising interest rate environment, such as the current one, and our net interest income could be adversely affected if the rates we pay on deposits and borrowings increase more rapidly than the rates we earn on loans and other investments. Changes in interest rates also affect the value of our interest-earning assets and in particular our debt securities portfolio. Generally, the fair value of fixed-rate debt securities fluctuates inversely with changes in interest rates. Unrealized gains and losses on debt securities available for sale are reported as a separate component of equity, net of tax. Decreases in the fair value of debt securities available for sale resulting from increases in interest rates could have an adverse effect on stockholders equity. We monitor our interest rate sensitivity using a simulation model which generates estimates of the changes in our net interest income over a range of interest rate scenarios. As of December 31, 2022, in the event of an instantaneous 100 basis point increase in interest rates, we estimate that we would experience a 3.27 increase in net interest income. For further discussion of how changes in interest rates could impact us, see Item 7A-Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. Inflation can have an adverse impact on our business and on our customers. Inflation risk is the risk that the value of assets or income from investments will be worth less in the future as inflation decreases the value of money. Recently, there have been market indicators of a pronounced rise in inflation and the Federal Reserve Board has raised certain benchmark interest rates in an effort to combat inflation. As discussed above under Fluctuating interest rates can adversely affect our profitability, as inflation increases and market interest rates rise the value of our investment securities, particularly those with longer maturities, decreases, although this effect can be less pronounced for floating-rate instruments. In addition, inflation generally increases the cost of goods and services we use in our business operations, such as electricity and other utilities, which increases our noninterest expenses. Furthermore, our customers are also affected by inflation and the rising costs of goods and services used in their households and businesses, which could have a negative impact on their ability to repay their loans with us. Risks Related to our Lending Activities Our loan portfolio primarily consists of commercial-related loans, including commercial real estate and construction loans. These loans involve credit risks that could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. At December 31, 2022, commercial-related loans totaled 1.37 billion, or 84.2 of our total loan portfolio, including commercial real estate, commercial and industrial, construction and land acquisition and development loans. Given their generally larger balances and the complexity of the underlying collateral, commercial-related loans generally have more risk than the owner-occupied one-to-four family residential real estate loans that we also originate. Because the repayment of commercial-related loans often depends on the successful management and operation of the borrower s properties or related businesses, repayment of such loans can be affected by adverse conditions in the local real estate market or economy. If we foreclose on these loans (for those having real estate collateral), our holding period for the collateral typically is longer than for a one-to-four family residential property because there are fewer potential purchasers of the collateral. In addition, because commercial-related loans, and commercial real estate loans in particular, typically involve larger loan balances to single borrowers or groups of related borrowers compared to one-to-four family residential loans, charge-offs on commercial-related loans may be larger on a per loan basis than those incurred with our residential or consumer loan portfolios. As our commercial-related loan portfolio increases, the corresponding risks and potential for losses from these loans may also increase , which would adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations . 

 21 

Our emphasis on real estate loans exposes us to lending risks. At December 31, 2022, approximately 1.43 billion, or 87.3 , of our total loan portfolio, was secured by real estate, most of which is located in our primary lending market areas of South Central Pennsylvania, primarily York and Lancaster Counties, and North Central Maryland, primarily Baltimore and Hartford Counties. Future declines in real estate values in our primary lending markets and surrounding markets could significantly impair the value of the collateral securing our loans and our ability to sell the collateral upon foreclosure for an amount necessary to satisfy the borrower s obligations to us. This could require us to increase our allowance for loan losses, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. The geographic concentration of our loan portfolio and lending activities makes us vulnerable to a downturn in our local market area. Unlike larger financial institutions that are more geographically diversified, our profitability depends primarily on the general economic conditions in our primary market areas. Local economic conditions have a significant impact on our commercial real estate, commercial and industrial, construction, residential real estate and consumer lending, including, the ability of borrowers to repay these loans and the value of the collateral securing these loans. Furthermore, we generally make loans to small and mid-sized businesses whose success depends on the regional economy. These businesses generally have fewer financial resources in terms of capital or borrowing capacity than larger entities. Adverse economic and business conditions in our market area could reduce our growth rate, materially and adversely affect our borrowers ability to repay their loans and, consequently, adversely affect our financial condition and performance. Moreover, a significant decline in general economic conditions, caused by inflation, acts of terrorism, an outbreak of hostilities or other international or domestic calamities, such as the ongoing war in Ukraine, or other factors beyond our control could further impact these local economic conditions and could further negatively affect our financial performance. In addition, deflationary pressures, while possibly lowering our operating costs, could have a significant negative effect on our borrowers, especially our business borrowers, and the values of underlying collateral securing loans, which could negatively affect our financial performance. If our allowance for loan losses is not sufficient to cover actual loan losses, our earnings could decrease. We make various assumptions and judgments about the collectability of our loan portfolio, including the creditworthiness of our borrowers and the value of the real estate and other assets serving as collateral for the repayment of many of our loans. In determining the amount of the allowance for loan losses, we review our loans and our loss and delinquency experience, and we evaluate economic conditions. If our assumptions or the results of our analyses are incorrect, our allowance for loan losses may not be sufficient to cover losses inherent in our loan portfolio, resulting in additions to our allowance. In addition, our emphasis on loan growth, including our portfolio of commercial-related loans, as well as any future credit deterioration, including as a result of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and the possible recessionary pressures, could require us to increase our allowance for loan losses in the future. At December 31, 2022, our allowance for loan losses was 1.27 of total loans and 189.02 of nonperforming loans. Material additions to our allowance would materially decrease our net income. The Financial Accounting Standards Board s Current Expected Credit Losses, or CECL, standard will be effective for Codorus Valley on January 1, 2023. CECL will require financial institutions to determine periodic estimates of lifetime expected credit losses on loans, and to recognize the expected credit losses as allowances for credit losses. This will change the current method of providing allowances for loan losses that are incurred or probable, which would likely require us to increase our allowance for credit losses , and to greatly increase the types of data we will need to collect and review to determine the appropriate level of the allowance for credit losses. In addition, bank regulators periodically review our allowance for loan losses and, as a result of such reviews, we may be required to increase our provision for loan losses or recognize further loan charge-offs. Any increase in our allowance for loan losses or loan charge-offs as a result of such review or otherwise may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. The level of our commercial real estate loan portfolio may subject us to additional regulatory scrutiny. 

 22 

The FDIC and the other federal bank regulatory agencies have promulgated joint guidance on sound risk management practices for financial institutions with concentrations in commercial real estate lending. Under the guidance, a financial institution that, like us, is actively involved in commercial real estate lending should perform a risk assessment to identify concentrations. A financial institution may have a concentration in commercial real estate lending if, among other factors, (i) total reported loans for construction, land acquisition and development, and other land represent 100 or more of the institution s total capital, or (ii) total reported loans secured by multi-family and non-farm residential properties, loans for construction, land acquisition and development and other land, and loans otherwise sensitive to the general commercial real estate market, including loans to commercial real estate related entities, represent 300 or more of total capital. Based on these factors, we have concluded that we currently do not have a concentration in commercial real estate lending, as such loans represent 72 and 271 , respectively, of total bank capital as of December 31, 2022. The particular focus of the guidance is on exposure to commercial real estate loans that are dependent on the cash flow from the real estate held as collateral and that are likely to be at greater risk to conditions in the commercial real estate market (as opposed to real estate collateral held as a secondary source of repayment or in an abundance of caution). The purpose of the guidance is to guide banks in developing risk management practices and determining capital levels commensurate with the level and nature of real estate concentrations. The guidance states that management should employ heightened risk management practices including board and management oversight and strategic planning, development of underwriting standards, risk assessment and monitoring through market analysis and stress testing. While we believe we have implemented policies and procedures with respect to our commercial real estate loan portfolio consistent with this guidance, bank regulators could require us to implement additional policies and procedures consistent with their interpretation of the guidance that may result in additional costs to us or that may result in the curtailment of our commercial real estate lending that would adversely affect our loan originations and profitability. Nonperforming assets take significant time to resolve, adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition, and could result in further losses in the future. Our nonperforming assets adversely affect our net income in various ways. We do not record interest income on nonaccrual loans or OREO, thereby adversely affecting our net income and returns on assets and equity, increasing our loan administration costs and adversely affecting our efficiency ratio. When we take collateral in foreclosure and similar proceedings, we are required to mark the collateral to its then-fair market value, which may result in a loss. These nonperforming loans and OREO also increase our risk profile and the level of capital our regulators believe is appropriate for us to maintain in light of such risks. The resolution of nonperforming assets requires significant time commitments from management and can be detrimental to the performance of their other responsibilities. If we experience increases in nonperforming loans and nonperforming assets, our net interest income may be negatively impacted and our loan administration costs could increase, each of which could have an adverse effect on our net income and related ratios, such as return on assets and equity. We engage in lending secured by real estate and may foreclose on the collateral and own the underlying real estate, subjecting us to the costs and potential risks associated with the ownership of real property, or consumer protection initiatives or changes in state or federal law may substantially raise the cost of foreclosure or prevent us from foreclosing at all. Since we originate loans secured by real estate, we may have to foreclose on the collateral property to recover our investment and may thereafter own and operate such property, in which case we would be exposed to the risks inherent in the ownership of real estate. The amount that we, as a mortgagee, may realize after a foreclosure depends on factors outside of our control, including, but not limited to, general or local economic conditions, environmental cleanup liabilities, various assessments relating to the ownership of the property, interest rates, real estate tax rates, operating expenses of the mortgaged properties, our ability to obtain and maintain adequate occupancy of the properties, zoning laws, governmental and regulatory rules, and natural disasters. Our inability to manage the amount of costs or size of the risks associated with the ownership of real estate, or write-downs in the value of OREO, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Additionally, consumer protection initiatives or changes in state or federal law may substantially increase the time and expenses associated with the residential foreclosure process or prevent us from foreclosing at all. A number of states in recent years have either considered or adopted foreclosure reform laws that make it substantially more difficult and expensive for lenders to foreclose on residential properties in default. Furthermore, federal regulators have prosecuted a number of mortgage servicing companies for alleged consumer law violations. If new state or 

 23 

federal laws or regulations are ultimately enacted that significantly raise the cost of residential foreclosures or raise outright barriers, they could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations . We are exposed to the risk of environmental liability associated with lending activities or properties we own . A significant portion of our loan portfolio is secured by real estate, and we could become subject to environmental liabilities with respect to one or more of these properties, or with respect to properties that we own in operating our business. During the ordinary course of business, we may foreclose on and take title to properties securing defaulted loans. In doing so, there is a risk that hazardous or toxic substances could be found on these properties. If hazardous conditions or toxic substances are found on these properties, we may be liable for remediation costs, as well as for personal injury and property damage, civil fines and criminal penalties regardless of when the hazardous conditions or toxic substances first affected any particular property. The costs associated with investigation or remediation activities could be substantial. Environmental laws may require us to incur substantial expenses to address unknown liabilities and may materially reduce the affected property s value or limit our ability to use or sell the affected property. In addition, future laws or more stringent interpretations or enforcement policies with respect to existing laws may increase our exposure to environmental liability. Our practice, which is to obtain an environmental review before initiating any foreclosure action on nonresidential real property , may not be sufficient to detect all potential environmental hazards. The remediation costs and any other financial liabilities associated with an environmental hazard could have a material adverse effect on us. We are required to transition from the use of the LIBOR interest rate index in the future. The London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR is the reference rate used for many of the Corporation s transactions, including variable and adjustable-rate loans, derivative contracts, borrowings and other financial instruments. The LIBOR index will be discontinued for U.S. Dollar settings effective June 30, 2023, unless the deadline were to be extended. The language in our LIBOR-based contracts and other financial instruments has developed over time and may have various events that trigger when a successor rate to the designated rate would be selected. If a trigger is satisfied, contracts and other financial instruments may give the calculation agent discretion over the substitute index or indices for the calculation of interest rates to be selected. Since alternative rates are calculated differently, the transition may change our market risk profile, requiring changes to risk and pricing models . Other LIBOR-based contracts and financial instruments do not have such triggers and any means for selection of alternative rates to LIBOR. Regulators, industry groups and certain communities (e.g., the Alternative Reference Rates Committee) have, among other things, published recommended, so-called fallback language for LIBOR-linked contracts and other financial instruments, identified recommended alternatives for certain LIBOR rates (e.g., the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR as the recommended alternative to U.S. Dollar LIBOR), and proposed implementation of the recommended alternatives for use in floating rate instruments. The Corporation has nearly completed the process of transitioning away from LIBOR. Its enterprise-wide, cross-functional project team overseeing the transition completed an inventory of existing LIBOR-indexed products, added LIBOR fallback language to new loans, and, with respect to existing loans, managed the transition to non-LIBOR based adjustable-rate mortgages, floating-rate commercial loans and related derivative instruments. The project team selected SOFR as the replacement rate for LIBOR. The team is working with the Corporation s bond trustees on the LIBOR transition for certain of its capital markets instruments. In addition, on March 15, 2022, President Biden signed the LIBOR Act. The LIBOR Act establishes a uniform replacement rate for LIBOR in agreements that either do not contain a fallback provision, or do not identify a specific benchmark replacement and a person with authority to determine the benchmark replacement. The replacement rate in such agreements will be the benchmark replacement identified by the Federal Reserve Board that is based on SOFR, including a tenor spread adjustment appropriate for each tenor of LIBOR that is consistent with the International Swaps and Derivatives Association s IBOR Fallbacks protocol. In December 2022, the Federal Reserve published final regulations implementing the LIBOR Act and adopting SOFR-based benchmark rates to replace overnight 1-, 3-, 6- and 12-month U.S. Dollar LIBOR for agreements specified in the LIBOR Act. We cannot predict what the effect of the transition away from LIBOR to alternative rates, including SOFR, may be on the markets for various floating rate financial instruments. The use of alternative reference rates and changes to the methods and processes used to calculate rates, may have an adverse effect on the trading market for LIBOR-based securities, loan yields, and the amount received and paid on derivative contracts and other financial instruments. In 

 24 

addition, the continued evolution of the LIBOR transition and related reform proposals may result in increased compliance and operational costs. Risks related to Liquidity We are subject to liquidity risk, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Effective liquidity management is essential for the operation of our business. Although we have implemented strategies to maintain sufficient and diverse sources of funding to accommodate planned, as well as unanticipated, liquidity needs (including changes in assets, liabilities, and off-balance sheet commitments under various economic conditions), an inability to raise funds through deposits, borrowings, the sale of investment securities and other sources could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity. Our access to funding sources in amounts adequate to finance our activities could be impaired by factors that affect us specifically or the financial services industry in general. Factors that could detrimentally impact our access to liquidity sources include a decrease in the level of our business activity due to a market disruption, a decrease in the borrowing capacity assigned to our pledged assets by our secured creditors, competition from other financial institutions and inflation which could drive up the costs of deposits or adverse regulatory action against us. Deterioration in economic conditions and the loss of confidence in financial institutions may also increase our cost of funding and limit our access to some of our customary sources of liquidity, including, but not limited to, inter-bank borrowings and borrowings from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh and the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia. Our ability to acquire deposits or borrow could also be impaired by factors that are not specific to us, such as a severe disruption of the financial markets or negative views and expectations about the prospects for the financial services industry generally as a result of conditions faced by banking organizations in the domestic and international credit markets. Any decline in available funding or increased costs of liquidity could adversely impact our ability to originate loans, invest in securities, meet our expenses or fulfill obligations such as repaying our borrowings or meeting deposit withdrawal demands, any of which could, in turn, have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Risks Related to Competitive Matters Strong competition within our market areas may limit our growth and profitability. Competition in the banking and financial services industry is intense. In our market area, we compete with commercial banks, savings institutions, mortgage brokerage firms, credit unions, finance companies, mutual funds, insurance companies, and securities brokerage firms as well as certain unregulated or less regulated non-banking entities, operating locally and elsewhere. Many of these competitors have substantially greater resources and higher lending limits than we have and offer certain services that we do not or cannot provide. If we must raise interest rates paid on deposits or lower interest rates charged on our loans to be competitive, our net interest margin and profitability could be adversely affected. In addition, some of our competitors offer loans with lower interest rates on more attractive terms than loans we offer. Competition also makes it increasingly difficult and costly to attract and retain qualified employees. Our profitability depends upon our continued ability to successfully compete in our market area. The financial services industry could become even more competitive as a result of new legislative, regulatory and technological changes and continued consolidation in the industry. Banks, securities firms and insurance companies can merge under the umbrella of a financial holding company, which can offer virtually any type of financial service, including banking, securities underwriting, insurance (both agency and underwriting) and merchant banking. Also, technology has lowered barriers to entry and made it possible for non-banks to offer products and services traditionally provided by banks, such as automatic transfer and automatic payment systems. Many of our competitors have fewer regulatory constraints and may have lower cost structures. Additionally, due to their size, many competitors may be able to achieve economies of scale and, as a result, may offer a broader range of products and services as well as better pricing for those products and services than we can. We expect competition to increase in the future as a result of legislative, regulatory and technological changes and the continuing trend of consolidation in the financial services industry. Our asset size may make it more difficult for us to compete. Our asset size may make it more difficult to compete with other financial institutions that are larger and can more easily afford to invest in the marketing and technologies needed to attract and retain customers. Because our principal source of income is the net interest income we earn on our loans and investments after deducting interest paid on 

 25 

deposits and other sources of funds, our ability to generate the revenues needed to cover our expenses and finance such investments is limited by the size of our loan and investment portfolios. Accordingly, we are not always able to offer new products and services as quickly as our competitors. Our lower earnings may also make it more difficult to offer competitive salaries and benefits. In addition, our smaller customer base may make it difficult to generate meaningful noninterest income from non-traditional banking activities. Finally, as a smaller institution, we are disproportionately affected by the continually increasing costs of compliance with new banking and other regulations. Risks Related to Laws and Regulations Changes in laws and regulations and the cost of regulatory compliance with new laws and regulations may adversely affect our operations and/or increase our costs of operations and/or decrease our revenues. PeoplesBank is subject to extensive regulation, supervision and examination by the PADOBS and the FDIC, and the Corporation is subject to extensive regulation, supervision and examination by the Federal Reserve Board. Such regulation and supervision govern the activities in which an institution and its holding company may engage and are intended primarily for the protection of the federal deposit insurance fund and the depositors and borrowers of PeoplesBank, rather than for our stockholders. Regulatory authorities have extensive discretion in their supervisory and enforcement activities, including the imposition of restrictions on our operations, the classification of our assets and determination of the level of our allowance for loan losses. These regulations, along with existing tax, accounting, securities, insurance and monetary laws, rules, standards, policies, and interpretations, control the methods by which financial institutions conduct business, implement strategic initiatives and tax compliance, and govern financial reporting and disclosures. Any change in such regulation and oversight, whether in the form of regulatory policy, regulations, legislation or supervisory action, may have a material impact on our operations. These changes could materially impact, potentially even retroactively, how we report our financial condition and results of operations. For example, in the interest of consumer protection, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau CFPB ), has recently been active in pursuing actions against financial institutions for charging certain fees that they have characterized as junk fees. These fees can take a number of forms, including without limitation, fees related to late loan payments, fees for insufficient funds, repossession fees and processing fees. In a number of instances the CFPB has challenged the imposition of fees by the involved financial institution without regard to whether such fees appropriately compensate the financial institution for the service provided and were disclosed to the customer. Although PeoplesBank is not regulated by the CFPB, the actions of the CFPB can have an influential impact on the supervisory actions of other bank regulators at the federal and state level, in particular, in PeoplesBank s case, the FDIC as its primary federal banking regulator. Non-compliance with the USA PATRIOT Act, Bank Secrecy Act, or other laws and regulations could result in fines or sanctions. The USA PATRIOT and Bank Secrecy Acts require financial institutions to develop programs to prevent financial institutions from being used for money laundering and terrorist activities. If such activities are detected, financial institutions are obligated to file suspicious activity reports with the U.S. Treasury s Office of Financial Crimes Enforcement Network. These rules require financial institutions to establish procedures for identifying and verifying the identity of customers seeking to open new financial accounts. Failure to comply with these regulations could result in fines or sanctions, including restrictions on pursuing acquisitions or establishing new branches. The policies and procedures we have adopted that are designed to assist in compliance with these laws and regulations may not be effective in preventing violations of these laws and regulations. The Federal Reserve Board may require us to commit capital resources to support PeoplesBank, and we may not have sufficient access to such capital resources. Federal law requires that a holding company act as a source of financial and managerial strength to its subsidiary bank and to commit resources to support such subsidiary bank. Under the source of strength doctrine, the Federal Reserve Board may require a holding company to make capital injections into a troubled subsidiary bank and may charge the holding company with engaging in unsafe and unsound practices for failure to commit resources to a subsidiary bank. A capital injection may be required at times when the holding company may not have the resources to provide it and therefore may be required to attempt to borrow the funds or raise capital. Thus, any borrowing that must be done by the Corporation to make a required capital injection becomes more difficult and expensive and could have an adverse 

 26 

effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Moreover, it is possible that we will be unable to borrow funds or otherwise raise capital at a time when it is needed. Monetary policies and regulations of the Federal Reserve Board could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition to being affected by general economic conditions, our earnings and growth are affected by the policies of the Federal Reserve Board. An important function of the Federal Reserve Board is to regulate the money supply and credit conditions. Among the instruments used by the Federal Reserve Board to implement these objectives are open market purchases and sales of U.S. government securities, adjustments of the discount rate and changes in banks reserve requirements against bank deposits. These instruments are used in varying combinations to influence overall economic growth and the distribution of credit, bank loans, investments and deposits. Their use also affects interest rates charged on loans or paid on deposits. The monetary policies and regulations of the Federal Reserve Board have had a significant effect on the operating results of financial institutions in the past and are expected to continue to do so in the future. The effects of such policies upon our business, financial condition and results of operations cannot be predicted. We may be required to raise additional capital in the future, but that capital may not be available when it is needed, or it may only be available on unacceptable terms, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. We are required by federal and state regulatory authorities to maintain adequate levels of capital to support our operations. We may at some point, however, need to raise additional capital to support continued growth or be required by our regulators to increase our capital resources. Our ability to raise additional capital, if needed, will depend on conditions in the capital markets at that time, which are outside of our control, and on our financial performance. Accordingly, we may not be able to raise additional capital, if needed, on terms acceptable to us. If we cannot raise additional capital when needed, our ability to further expand our operations and pursue our growth strategy could be materially impaired and our financial condition and liquidity could be materially and adversely affected. In addition, if we are unable to raise additional capital when required by our bank regulators, we may be subject to adverse regulatory action. We qualify as a smaller reporting company pursuant to regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), and any decision on our part to comply only with certain reduced reporting and disclosure requirements applicable to smaller reporting companies could make our common stock less attractive to investors. We are a smaller reporting company, and, for as long as we continue to qualify as a smaller reporting company, we may choose to take advantage of exemptions from various reporting requirements applicable to other public companies but not to smaller reporting companies, including, but not limited to, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements and two years of audited financial statements in our annual report instead of three years. As long as we are a smaller reporting company that is also not an accelerated filer, we will not be subject to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, which would require that our independent registered public accounting firm review and attest as to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. In addition, as a non-accelerated filer, we have longer deadlines to file our periodic reports with the SEC. We will remain a smaller reporting company and a non-accelerated filer for so long as our voting and non-voting equity held by non-affiliates public float is less than 250 million, or our annual revenues are less than 100 million and our public float is less than 700 million. The public float for this purpose is not determined at the end of the fiscal year involved, but as of the end of the company s second fiscal quarter. As a result of our smaller reporting company status and non-accelerated filer status, our stockholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important, and investors may find our common stock less attractive if we choose to rely on these exemptions. This could result in a less active trading market for our common stock and the price of our common stock may be more volatile. 

 27 

Risks Related to Operational Matters We face significant operational risks because of our reliance on technology. Our information technology systems may be subject to failure, interruption or cybersecurity attacks or breaches. Information technology systems are critical to our business. Our business requires us to collect, process, transmit and store significant amounts of confidential information regarding our customers, employees and our own business, operations, plans and business strategies. We use various technology systems to manage our customer relationships, general ledger, securities investments, deposits, and loans. Our computer systems, data management and internal processes, as well as those of third parties, are integral to our performance. Our operational risks include the risk of malfeasance by employees or persons outside our company, errors relating to transaction processing and technology, systems failures or interruptions, breaches of our internal control systems and compliance requirements, and business continuation and disaster recovery. There have been increasing efforts by third parties to breach data security at financial institutions. Such attacks include computer viruses, malicious or destructive code, ransomware attacks, phishing attacks, denial of service or information or other security breaches that could result in the unauthorized release, gathering, monitoring, misuse, loss or destruction of confidential, proprietary and other information, damages to systems, or other material disruptions to network access or business operations. Although we take protective measures and believe that we have not experienced any of the data breaches described above, the security of our computer systems, software, and networks may be vulnerable to breaches, unauthorized access, misuse, computer viruses, or other malicious code and cyber-attacks that could have an impact on information security. Because the methods used to cause security attacks and data breaches change frequently, the measures we take to prevent or counteract these attacks and data breaches may not be adequate to prevent them. In the event of a breakdown in our internal control systems, improper operation of our systems or improper employee actions, or a breach of our security systems, including if confidential or proprietary information were to be mishandled, misused or lost, we could suffer financial loss, loss of customers and damage to our reputation, and face regulatory action or civil litigation. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Our insurance coverage may not adequately address such losses, or if it does, such losses may exceed insurance limits. We rely on third-party vendors, which could expose us to additional cybersecurity risks. Third-party vendors provide key components of our business infrastructure, including certain data processing and information services. Accordingly, our operations are exposed to risk that these vendors will not perform in accordance with our contractual agreements with them, or we also could be adversely affected if such an agreement is not renewed by the third-party vendor or is renewed on terms less favorable to us. If our third-party providers encounter difficulties, or if we have difficulty communicating with those service providers, our ability to adequately process and account for transactions could be affected, and our business operations could be adversely affected, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Threats to information security also exist in the processing of customer information through various other vendors and their personnel. To our knowledge, the services and programs provided to us by third parties have not experienced any material security breaches. However, the existence of cyber-attacks or security breaches at third parties with access to our data, such as vendors, may not be disclosed to us in a timely manner. The soundness of other financial institutions could adversely affect us. Our ability to engage in routine funding transactions could be adversely affected by the actions and commercial soundness of other financial institutions. Financial services institutions are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, counterparty or other relationships. We have exposure to many different industries and counterparties, and we routinely execute transactions with counterparties in the financial industry. As a result, defaults by, or even rumors or questions about, one or more financial services institutions, or the financial services industry generally, have led to market-wide liquidity problems and could lead to losses or defaults by us or by other institutions. Many of these transactions expose us to credit risk in the event of default of our counterparty or client. In addition, our credit risk may be exacerbated when the collateral we hold cannot be realized upon or is liquidated at prices insufficient to recover the full amount of the loan. We cannot assure you that any such losses would not materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

 28 

We may be subject to risks and losses resulting from fraudulent activities that could adversely impact our financial performance and results of operations. As a bank, we are susceptible to fraudulent activity that may be committed against us or our clients, which may result in financial losses or increased costs to us or our clients, disclosure or misuse of our information or our client information, misappropriation of assets, privacy breaches against our clients, litigation or damage to our reputation. We are most exposed to fraud and compliance risk in connection with the origination of loans, ACH transactions, wire transactions, ATM transactions, checking transactions, and debit cards that we have issued to our customers and through our online banking portals. We maintain a system of internal controls and insurance coverage to mitigate against such risks, including data processing system failures and errors, and customer fraud. If our internal controls fail to prevent or detect any such occurrence, or if any resulting loss is not insured or exceeds applicable insurance limits, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Risks Related to Accounting Matters Changes in accounting standards could affect reported earnings. The Financial Accounting Standards Board, SEC and other regulatory bodies, that are responsible for establishing accounting and reporting standards, periodically change the financial accounting and reporting guidance that governs the preparation of our financial statements. These changes can be hard to predict and can involve judgment and discretion in their interpretation by us and our independent accounting firm. These changes could materially impact, potentially even retroactively, how we report our financial condition and results of operations. Changes in management s estimates and assumptions may have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements and our financial condition or operating results. In preparing the periodic reports that we are required to file with the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, including our consolidated financial statements, our management is required under applicable rules and regulations to make estimates and assumptions as of a specified date. These estimates and assumptions are based on management s best estimates and experience as of that date and are subject to substantial risk and uncertainty. Materially different results may occur as circumstances change and additional information becomes known. Areas requiring significant estimates and assumptions by management include, among others, our evaluation of the adequacy of our allowance for loan losses, the calculation of our deferred tax assets and our determinations with respect to the fair values of financial instruments. Other Risks Related to Our Business We depend on our management team and other key personnel to implement our business strategy and execute successful operations and we could be harmed by the loss of their services or the inability to hire additional personnel. We depend on the services of the members of our senior management team who direct our strategy and operations. Our executive officers and lending personnel possess substantial expertise as well as extensive knowledge of our markets and key business relationships. Any one of them could be difficult to replace. Our loss of these persons, or our inability to hire additional qualified personnel, could impact our ability to implement our business strategy and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and ability to compete in our markets. Legal and regulatory proceedings and related matters could adversely affect us. We have been and may in the future become involved in legal and regulatory proceedings. We consider most of the proceedings to be in the normal course of our business or typical for the industry; however, it is inherently difficult to assess the outcome of these matters, and we may not prevail in any proceedings or litigation. In addition, should we become subject to any more significant legal or regulatory proceedings, we could incur substantial expense and 

 29 

management diversion, and any adverse determination could have a materially adverse effect on our business, brand or image, or our financial condition and results of our operations. Societal responses to climate change could adversely affect our business and performance, including indirectly through impacts on our customers. Concerns over the long-term impacts of climate change have led and will continue to lead to governmental efforts around the world to mitigate those impacts. Consumers and businesses also may change their behavior on their own as a result of these concerns. We and our customers will need to respond to new laws and regulations as well as consumer and business preferences resulting from climate change concerns. We and our customers may face cost increases, asset value reductions and operating process changes. The impact on our customers will likely vary depending on their specific attributes, including their reliance on or their involvement in carbon intensive activities. Among the impacts to us could be a drop in demand for our products and services, particularly in certain sectors. In addition, we could face reductions in creditworthiness on the part of some customers or in the value of assets securing loans. Our efforts to take these risks into account in making lending and other decisions, including by increasing our business with climate-friendly companies, may not be effective in protecting us from the negative impact of new laws and regulations or changes in consumer or business behavior. We are a community bank and our ability to maintain our reputation is critical to the success of our business, and the failure to do so may materially adversely affect our performance. We are a community bank, and our reputation is one of the most valuable components of our business. A key component of our business strategy is to rely on our reputation for customer service and knowledge of local markets to expand our presence by capturing new business opportunities from existing and prospective customers in our market area and contiguous areas. As such, we strive to conduct our business in a manner that enhances our reputation. This is done, in part, by recruiting, hiring and retaining employees or by retaining, appointing or electing directors who share our core values of being an integral part of the communities we serve, delivering superior service to our customers and caring about our customers and employees. If our reputation is negatively affected by the actions of our employees or directors, by our inability to conduct our operations in a manner that is appealing to current or prospective customers, or otherwise, our business and, therefore, our operating results may be materially adversely affected. Risks Related to Our Business Strategy We may not effectively execute on our expansion strategy, which may adversely affect our ability to maintain our historical growth and earnings trends. Our primary expansion strategy focuses on organic growth, supplemented by branch expansion and acquisitions of financial institutions and banking teams; however, we may not be able to successfully execute on these aspects of our expansion strategy, which may cause our future growth rate to decline below our recent historical levels, or prevent us from growing at all. More specifically, we may not be able to generate sufficient new loans and deposits within acceptable risk and expense tolerances or obtain the personnel or funding necessary for additional growth. Various factors, such as economic conditions and competition with other financial institutions, may impede or restrict the growth of our operations. Further, we may be unable to attract and retain experienced bankers, which could adversely affect our growth. The success of our strategy also depends on our ability to manage our growth effectively, which in turn depends on many factors, including our ability to adapt our credit, operational, technology, risk management, internal controls and governance infrastructure to accommodate expanded operations. Even if we are successful in continuing our growth, such growth may not offer the same levels of potential profitability, and we may not be successful in controlling costs and maintaining asset quality in the face of that growth. Accordingly, our inability to maintain growth or to effectively manage growth could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We may grow through mergers or acquisitions, including branch acquisitions, a strategy that may not be successful or, if successful, may produce risks in successfully integrating and managing the merged companies or acquisitions and may dilute our stockholders. 

 30 

As part of our growth strategy, we may pursue mergers and acquisitions of banks and non-bank financial services companies within or outside our principal market areas that we believe will support our business and make financial and strategic sense. We may have difficulty identifying suitable acquisition candidates or executing on acquisitions that we pursue, and we may not realize the anticipated benefits of any transactions we complete. Additionally, for any acquisition we consider, we expect to face significant competition from numerous other financial services institutions, many of which will have greater financial resources than we do. Accordingly, attractive acquisition opportunities may not be available to us, and there can be no assurance that we will be successful in identifying or completing any future acquisitions. Mergers and acquisitions involve numerous risks, any of which could harm our business, including: the possibility that expected benefits may not materialize in the time frame expected or at all, or may be more costly to achieve, or that the acquired business will not perform to our expectations; time, expense and difficulties in integrating the operations, management, products and services, technologies, existing contracts, accounting processes and personnel of the target and realizing the anticipated synergies of the combined businesses; incurring the time and expense associated with identifying and evaluating potential acquisitions and merger partners and negotiating potential transactions, resulting in management s attention being diverted from the operation of our existing business; difficulties in supporting and transitioning customers of the target and disruption of our ongoing banking business; the price we pay or other resources that we devote may exceed the value we realize, or the value we could have realized if we had allocated the purchase consideration or other resources to another opportunity; entering new markets or areas in which we have limited or no experience; the possibility that our culture is disrupted as a result of an acquisition; potential loss of key personnel and customers from either our business or the target s business; assumption of unanticipated problems, claims or other liabilities of the acquired business; an inability to realize expected synergies or returns on investment; the possibility of regulatory approval for the acquisition being delayed, impeded, restrictively conditioned or denied due to existing or new regulatory issues surrounding us, the target institution or the proposed combined entity and the possibility that any such issues associated with the target institution, of which we may or may not be aware at the time of the acquisition, could adversely impact the combined entity after completion of the acquisition; the possibility that the acquisition may not be timely completed, if at all; the need to raise capital; and inability to generate sufficient revenue to offset acquisition costs. Our acquisition activities, should they materialize, could require us to use a substantial amount of cash, other liquid assets, and/or incur debt. Also, if we finance acquisitions by issuing equity securities, our existing stockholders ownership may be diluted, which could negatively affect the market price of our common stock. Additionally, if the goodwill recorded in connection with our potential future acquisitions were determined to be impaired, then we would be required to recognize a charge against our earnings, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations during the period in which the impairment was recognized. Acquisitions may also involve the payment of a premium over book and market values and, therefore, some dilution of our tangible book value and net income per common share may occur in connection with any future transaction. As a result, we may not achieve the anticipated benefits of any such merger or acquisition, and we may incur costs in excess of what we anticipate. Our failure to successfully evaluate and execute mergers, acquisitions or investments or otherwise adequately address and manage the risks associated with such transactions could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition, including short-term and long-term liquidity. Risks Related to Our Common Stock The market price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly, and this may make it difficult for you to resell shares of common stock owned by you at times or at prices you find attractive. 

 31 

The market price of our common stock on the NASDAQ Global Market constantly changes. We expect that the market price of our common stock will continue to fluctuate and there can be no assurance about the market prices for our common stock. Stock price volatility may make it difficult for you to resell your common stock when you want and at prices you find attractive. Our stock price may fluctuate significantly as a result of a variety of factors, many of which are beyond our control. These factors include, among others: actual or anticipated variations in quarterly results of operations or quality of our assets; opinions of securities analysts about our stock as an investment; institutional and other investor interest in purchasing, holding or selling our stock; operating and stock price performance of other companies that investors deem comparable to us; any failure to pay dividends on our common stock or a reduction in cash dividends; continued levels of loan quality and volume origination; the adequacy of loan loss reserves; the willingness of clients to substitute competitors products and services for our products and services and vice versa, based on price, quality, relationship or otherwise; interest rate, market and monetary fluctuations; declines in the fair value of our available-for-sale securities that are deemed to be other-than-temporarily impaired; the timely development of competitive new products and services by us and the acceptance of such products and services by clients; changes in consumer spending and saving habits relative to the financial services we provide; our relationships with major clients; our ability to continue to grow our business internally and through acquisition and successful integration of new or acquired entities while controlling costs; news reports relating to trends, concerns and other issues in the financial services industry, including the failures of other financial institutions in the current economic downturn; perceptions in the marketplace regarding us and/or our competitors; rapidly changing technology, or new technology used, or services offered, by competitors; deposit flows; changes in accounting principles, policies and guidelines; significant acquisitions or business combinations, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments by or involving us or our competitors; failure to integrate acquisitions or realize anticipated benefits from acquisitions; changes in and compliance with laws and government regulations of federal, state and local agencies; effects of climate change; geopolitical conditions such as acts or threats of terrorism or military conflicts; natural disasters or severe weather conditions; health emergencies, the spread of infectious diseases or pandemics; cybersecurity attacks or breaches or breaches of physical premises, including data centers; failure to retain or attract key personnel; operating results that vary from the expectations of management, analysts and investors; future sales of our equity or equity-related securities; the credit, mortgage and housing markets, the markets for securities relating to mortgages or housing, and developments with respect to financial institutions generally; and the relatively low trading volume of our common stock. General market fluctuations, industry factors and general economic and political conditions and events, such as economic slowdowns or recessions, interest rate changes or credit loss trends, could also cause our stock price to decrease regardless of operating results as evidenced by the recent volatility and disruption of capital and credit markets. The trading volume of our common stock may not provide adequate liquidity for investors and is less than that of other financial services companies. 

 32 

Our common stock is listed under the symbol CVLY on the NASDAQ Global Market. The average daily trading volume for shares of our common stock is less than larger financial institutions. As a result, sales of our common stock may place significant downward pressure on the market price of our common stock. Furthermore, it may be difficult for holders to resell their shares at prices they find attractive, or at all. We may issue additional common stock or other equity securities in the future which could dilute the ownership interest of existing stockholders. In order to maintain our capital at desired or regulatory-required levels or to replace existing capital, we may be required to, or otherwise determine it advantageous to issue additional shares of common stock, or securities convertible into, exchangeable for or representing rights to acquire shares of common stock. Generally, we are not restricted from issuing such additional shares. We may sell any shares that we issue at prices below the current market price of our common stock, and the sale of these shares may significantly dilute stockholder ownership. We could also issue additional shares in connection with acquisitions of other financial institutions or in connection with our equity compensation plans. Additional equity offerings may dilute the holdings of our existing stockholders or reduce the market price of our common stock, or both. Offerings of debt and/or preferred equity securities may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. We may attempt to increase our capital resources or, if PeoplesBank s capital ratios fall below the required regulatory minimums, we could be forced to raise additional capital by making additional offerings of debt or preferred equity securities, including medium-term notes, trust preferred securities, senior or subordinated notes and preferred stock. Upon liquidation, holders of our debt securities and shares of preferred stock and lenders with respect to other borrowings are likely to receive distributions of our available assets prior to the holders of our common stock. Additional equity offerings may dilute the holdings of our existing stockholders or reduce the market price of our common stock, or both. Holders of our common stock are not entitled to preemptive rights or other protections against dilution. Our board of directors is authorized to issue one or more classes or series of preferred stock from time to time without any action on the part of the stockholders. Our board of directors also has the power, without stockholder approval, to set the terms of any such classes or series of preferred stock that may be issued, including voting rights, dividend rights, and preferences over our common stock with respect to dividends or upon our dissolution, winding up and liquidation and other terms. If we issue preferred stock in the future that has a preference over our common stock with respect to the payment of dividends or upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, or if we issue preferred stock with voting rights that dilute the voting power of our common stock, the rights of holders of our common stock or the market price of our common stock could be adversely affected. Our common stock is subordinate to our existing and future indebtedness and preferred stock, if issued, and effectively subordinated to all the indebtedness and other non-common equity claims against our subsidiaries. Shares of our common stock are equity interests in the Corporation and do not constitute indebtedness. As such, shares of our common stock rank junior to all of our indebtedness and to other non-equity claims against us and our assets available to satisfy claims against us, including in our liquidation. Additionally, holders of our common stock could be subject to the prior dividend and liquidation rights of holders of our preferred stock. Furthermore, our right to participate in a distribution of assets upon any of our subsidiaries liquidation or reorganization is subject to the prior claims of that subsidiary s creditors. We may attempt to increase our capital resources or, if PeoplesBank s capital ratios fall below the required regulatory minimums, we could be forced to raise additional capital by making additional offerings of debt or preferred equity securities, including medium-term notes, trust-preferred securities, senior or subordinated notes and/or preferred stock. Upon liquidation, holders of our debt securities and shares of preferred stock and lenders with respect to other borrowings are likely to receive distributions of our available assets prior to the holders of our common stock. We are currently authorized to issue up to 30,000,000 shares of common stock of which 9,581,230 shares were outstanding as of December 31, 2022, and up to 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, none of which were outstanding as of December 31, 2022. Our board of directors has authority, without action or vote of the stockholders of common stock, to issue all or part of the authorized but unissued shares. Authorized but unissued shares of our common stock or preferred stock could be issued on terms or in circumstances that could dilute the interests of other stockholders. 

 33 

Regulatory and contractual restrictions may limit or prevent us from paying dividends or repurchasing shares of our common stock, or we may choose not to pay dividends on or repurchase, our common stock. The Corporation is an entity separate and distinct from its principal subsidiary, PeoplesBank, and we derive substantially all of our revenue in the form of dividends from that subsidiary. Accordingly, we are and will be dependent upon dividends from PeoplesBank to pay the principal of and interest on our indebtedness, to satisfy our other cash needs and to pay dividends on our common and preferred stock, if any. PeoplesBank s ability to pay dividends is subject to its ability to earn net income and to meet certain regulatory requirements. In the event PeoplesBank is unable to pay dividends to us, we may not be able to pay dividends on our common or preferred stock, if any. Also, our right to participate in a distribution of assets upon a subsidiary s liquidation or reorganization is subject to the prior claims of the subsidiary s creditors, including those of its depositors. As described below in the next risk factor, the terms of our outstanding junior subordinated debt securities prohibit us from paying dividends on or repurchasing our common stock at any time when we have elected to defer the payment of interest on such debt securities or certain events of default under the terms of those debt securities have occurred and are continuing. These restrictions could have a negative effect on the value of our common stock. Moreover, holders of our common stock are entitled to receive dividends only when, as and if declared by our board of directors. Although we have historically paid cash dividends on our common stock, we are not required to do so and our board of directors could reduce, suspend or eliminate our common stock cash dividend in the future. No determination has been made by our board of directors regarding whether or what amount of dividends will be paid in future quarters. Additionally, there can be no assurance that regulatory approval will be granted by the Federal Reserve Board to pay dividends. Future payment of cash dividends, if any, will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will be dependent upon our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements and such other factors as the board may deem relevant and will be subject to applicable federal and state laws that impose restrictions on our and PeoplesBank s ability to pay dividends, as well as guidance issued from time to time by regulatory authorities. Under guidance issued by the Federal Reserve Board, as a bank holding company we are expected to consult the Federal Reserve before declaring dividends in certain situations, and may require its prior approval, and we are to strongly consider eliminating, deferring, or reducing dividends we pay to our stockholders if (1) our net income available to stockholders for the past four quarters, net of dividends previously paid during that period, is not sufficient to fully fund the dividends, (2) our prospective rate of earnings retention is not consistent with our capital needs and overall current and prospective financial condition, or (3) we will not meet, or are in danger of not meeting, our minimum regulatory capital adequacy ratios. If we defer payments of interest on our outstanding subordinated notes or junior subordinated debt securities or if certain defaults relating to those debt securities occur, we will be prohibited from declaring or paying dividends or distributions on, and from making liquidation payments with respect to, our common stock. As of December 31, 2022, we had 31,000,000 outstanding aggregate principal amount of subordinated debt evidenced by subordinated notes and note purchase agreements and 10,310,000 outstanding aggregate principal amount of junior subordinated debt securities issued in connection with the sale of trust preferred securities by certain of our subsidiaries that are statutory business trusts. We have also guaranteed those trust preferred securities. There are currently two separate series of these junior subordinated debt securities outstanding, each series having been issued under a separate indenture and with a separate guarantee. The note purchase agreements and each of these indentures, together with the related guarantee, prohibits us, subject to limited exceptions, from declaring or paying any dividends or distributions on, or redeeming, repurchasing, acquiring or making any liquidation payments with respect to, any of our capital stock at any time when (i) there shall have occurred and be continuing an event of default under the note purchase agreement or indenture or any event, act or condition that with notice or lapse of time or both would constitute an event of default under the note purchase agreement or indenture; or (ii) we are in default with respect to payment of any obligations under the related guarantee; or (iii) we have deferred payment of interest on the junior subordinated debt securities outstanding under that indenture. In that regard, we are entitled, at our option but subject to certain conditions, to defer payments of interest on the junior subordinated debt securities of each series from time to time for up to five years. Events of default under each note purchase agreement and indenture generally consists of our failure to pay interest on the subordinated notes or junior subordinated debt securities outstanding under the indenture under certain circumstances, our failure to pay any principal of or premium on such subordinated notes or junior subordinated debt 

 34 

securities when due, our failure to comply with certain covenants under the note purchase agreements or indenture, and certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency or liquidation relating to us or PeoplesBank. As a result of these provisions, if we were to elect to defer payments of interest on any series of junior subordinated debt securities, or if any of the other events described in clause (i) or (ii) of the first paragraph of this risk factor were to occur, we would be prohibited from declaring or paying any dividends on our common stock, from redeeming, repurchasing or otherwise acquiring any of our common stock, and from making any payments to holders of our common stock in the event of our liquidation, which would likely have a material adverse effect on the market value of our common stock. Moreover, without notice to or consent from the holders of our common stock, we may issue additional series of subordinated notes or junior subordinated debt securities in the future with terms similar to those of our existing subordinated notes or junior subordinated debt securities or enter into other financing agreements that limit our ability to purchase or to pay dividends or distributions on our capital stock, including our common stock. Our common stock is not insured by any governmental entity. Our common stock is not a deposit account or other obligation of any bank and, therefore, is not insured against loss by the FDIC, any other deposit insurance fund, any other governmental entity or by any other public or private entity. Investment in our common stock is inherently risky for the reasons described in this Risk Factors section and elsewhere in this document and our other filings with the SEC, and is subject to the same market forces that affect the price of common stock in any company. As a result, if you acquire our common stock, you may lose some or all of your investment. Anti-takeover provisions and restrictions on ownership could negatively impact our stockholders. Provisions of federal and Pennsylvania law and our amended and restated articles of incorporation and bylaws could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire control of us or have the effect of discouraging a third party from attempting to acquire control of us. These provisions could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us even if an acquisition might be in the best interest of our stockholders. In addition, the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended, or the BHCA, requires any bank holding company to obtain the approval of the Federal Reserve Board prior to acquiring more than five percent of our outstanding common stock. Any person other than a bank holding company is required to obtain prior approval of the Federal Reserve Board to acquire 10 percent or more of our outstanding common stock under the Change in Bank Control Act. Any holder of 25 percent or more of our outstanding common stock or more than one-third of our equity, other than an individual, is subject to regulation as a bank holding company under the BHCA. Our articles of incorporation and bylaws contain certain provisions that may have the effect of deterring or discouraging an attempt to take control of the Company. Among other things, these provisions: empower our board of directors, without stockholder approval, to issue shares of our common or preferred stock the terms of which, including voting power, are set by our board; divide our board of directors into three classes serving staggered three-year terms; authorize our board of directors to oppose a tender or other offer for the Corporation s securities if the board determines that such an offer should be rejected; require the affirmative vote of holders of at least 75 percent of the outstanding shares of our common stock to approve the merger, consolidation, liquidation or dissolution of the Corporation, or any sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Corporation, excepting transactions described above that are approved by at least 80 percent of the members of the board of directors, where such transactions shall only require stockholder approval by a majority of the votes cast at the meeting of stockholders held to consider and act upon such transaction; eliminate cumulative voting in the election of directors; and require advance notice of nominations for the election of directors and the presentation of stockholder proposals at meetings of stockholders. 

 35 

Item 1B: Unresolved Staff Comments Not applicable. Item 2: Properties Codorus Valley owns the Codorus Valley Corporate Center Corporate Center ), located at 105 Leader Heights Road, York, PA 17403, subject to a first lien held by ACNB Bank. The first lien held by ACNB Bank supports a 3,000,000 line of credit. No draws have been made on the line and on December 31, 2022, the balance was zero. This facility serves as the corporate headquarters and is approximately 40,000 square feet, a portion of which is leased to third-parties. The Corporate Center is adjacent to PeoplesBank s Data Operations Center and the Leader Heights financial center and is approximately one half mile from PeoplesBank s Administrative Services Centers. PeoplesBank owns and leases properties in York, Cumberland and Lancaster Counties, Pennsylvania and Baltimore and Harford Counties and Baltimore City in Maryland as shown below. Owned Leased Total Pennsylvania Financial Centers 8 10 18 Limited Service Facilities 0 6 6 Administrative Services Centers 2 0 2 Other Properties (1) 2 0 2 Maryland Financial Centers 4 1 5 
 (1) The other properties located in Pennsylvania consist of a maintenance facility for storage of maintenance equipment and a 3-building complex purchased in 2019 for future back office operations expansion. Item 3: Legal Proceedings The Corporation is involved in pending and threatened claims and other legal proceedings from time to time in the ordinary course of its business activities. Management evaluates the possible impact of these matters taking into consideration the most recent information available. A loss reserve is established for any matter for which it is believed that a loss is both probable and reasonably estimable. Once established, the reserve is adjusted as appropriate to reflect any subsequent developments. Actual losses with respect to any such matter may be more or less than the amount estimated. For any matter for which a loss is not probable, or the amount of the loss cannot reasonably be estimated, no loss reserve is established. In addition, the Corporation may be involved in legal proceedings in the form of investigations of regulatory or governmental inquiries covering a range of possible issues. These could be specific to the Corporation, or part of more wide-spread inquires by regulatory authorities. These inquiries or investigations could lead to administrative, civil or criminal proceedings involving the Corporation and could result in fines, penalties, restitution, or other types of sanctions, or the need for the Corporation to undertake remedial actions, or to alter its business, financial or accounting practices. Management believes that any liabilities, individually or in the aggregate, that may result from the final outcomes of pending or threatened legal proceedings will not have a material adverse effect on the financial condition of the Corporation or upon its results of operations. Item 4: Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. 

 36 

PART II Item 5: Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Market Information Codorus Valley Bancorp, Inc. stock is listed on the NASDAQ Global Market under the symbol CVLY. Codorus Valley had approximately 2,080 holders of record as of February 22, 2023. The closing price per share of Codorus Valley s common stock on February 22, 2023, was 25.06. The following table sets forth high and low sales prices and dividends paid per common share for Codorus Valley as reported by NASDAQ during the periods indicated. 2022 2021 Dividends Dividends Quarter High Low Per Share High Low Per Share First 23.00 21.00 0.15 19.74 15.29 0.13 Second 24.48 21.54 0.15 20.73 17.25 0.13 Third 23.31 18.70 0.15 23.00 20.00 0.13 Fourth 23.94 18.66 0.15 23.85 21.12 0.15 
 Dividend Policy Codorus Valley has a long history of paying quarterly cash dividends on its common stock. Codorus Valley presently expects to pay future cash dividends; however, the payment of such dividends will depend primarily upon the earnings of its subsidiary, PeoplesBank. Management anticipates that substantially all of the funds available for the payment of cash dividends by Codorus Valley will be derived from dividends paid to it by PeoplesBank. The payment of cash dividends is also subject to restrictions on dividends and capital requirements as reported in Note 9-Regulatory Matters in the notes to the consolidated financial statements. Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans The following table provides information about options outstanding and securities available for future issuance under the Corporation s 2001 Employee Stock Bonus Plan, 2007 Long Term Incentive Plan, 2007 Employee Stock Purchase Plan and 2017 Long Term Incentive Plan, as adjusted for stock dividends distributed. Equity Compensation Plan Information Number of securities Number of securities remaining available for to be issued upon Weighted-average future issuance under exercise of outstanding exercise price of equity compensation plans options, warrants, and outstanding options, (excluding securities Plan Category rights warrants and rights reflected in the first column) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 120,268 18.65 310,358 (1) Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 0 0 21,117 (2) Total 120,268 18.65 331,475 
 (1) Includes 111,760 shares available for issuance under the 2007 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. (2) Shares available for issuance under the 2001 Employee Stock Bonus Plan that provides for shares of common stock to employees as performance-based compensation. For a description of this plan, see Note 12 - Stock-Based Compensation, to the consolidated financial statements. Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers The Corporation s Board of Directors approved share repurchase programs in March 2020 5 million); January 2021 5 million); August 2021 5 million); and January 2022 5 million). In 2020, a total of 5,335 shares were repurchased at an average price of 16.37; in 2021, a total of 465,434 shares were purchased at an average price of 21.22; in 2022 a total of 1,535 shares were purchased at an average price of 22.00. 

 37 

The Corporation s Board of Directors approved a Share Repurchase Program Program in January 2023. Under the newly approved Program, the Corporation is authorized to repurchase up to 5 million of the Corporation s issued and outstanding common stock. All shares of common stock repurchased pursuant to the Program shall be held as treasury shares and be available for use and reissuance for purposes as and when determined by the Board of Directors including, without limitation, pursuant to the Corporation s Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan and its equity compensation program. Details for the repurchases under the Programs for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are detailed below. Total Number of Approximate Dollar Shares Purchased as Value of Shares that Total Number Part of Publicly May Yet Be Purchased of Shares Average Price Announced Plans Under the Plans or Period Purchased Paid per Share or Programs Programs January 1 - 31, 2022 1,535 22.00 1,535 5,000,000 February 1 - 28, 2022 0 0 0 5,000,000 March 1 - 31, 2022 0 0 0 5,000,000 April 1 - 30, 2022 0 0 0 5,000,000 May 1 - 31, 2022 0 0 0 5,000,000 June 1 - 30, 2022 0 0 0 5,000,000 July 1 - 31, 2022 0 0 0 5,000,000 August 1 - 31, 2022 0 0 0 5,000,000 September 1 - 30, 2022 0 0 0 5,000,000 October 1 - 31, 2022 0 0 0 5,000,000 November 1 - 30, 2022 0 0 0 5,000,000 December 1-31, 2022 0 0 0 5,000,000 Total Number of Approximate Dollar Shares Purchased as Value of Shares that Total Number Part of Publicly May Yet Be Purchased of Shares Average Price Announced Plans Under the Plans or Period Purchased Paid per Share or Programs Programs January 1 - 31, 2021 0 0 0 5,000,000 February 1 - 28, 2021 0 0 0 5,000,000 March 1 - 31, 2021 0 0 0 5,000,000 April 1 - 30, 2021 0 0 0 5,000,000 May 1 - 31, 2021 142,541 18.75 142,541 2,327,356 June 1 - 30, 2021 0 0 0 2,327,356 July 1 - 31, 2021 0 0 0 2,327,356 August 1 - 31, 2021 99,607 22.49 99,607 0 September 1 - 30, 2021 65,213 22.10 65,213 3,558,793 October 1 - 31, 2021 59,585 22.63 59,585 2,210,384 November 1 - 30, 2021 66,113 22.28 66,113 737,387 December 1-31, 2021 32,375 21.72 32,375 34,202 
 Performance Graph The following five-year performance graph compares the cumulative total shareholders return (including reinvestment of dividends) on Codorus Valley s common stock to the S P 500 Index and the ABA Community Bank NASDAQ Index. The stock performance graph assumes that 100 was invested on December 31, 2017, and the cumulative return is measured as of each subsequent fiscal year end. 

 38 

Period Ending Index 12/31/17 12/31/18 12/31/19 12/31/20 12/31/21 12/31/22 Codorus Valley Bancorp, Inc. 100.00 82.78 96.93 73.91 96.42 109.60 S P 500 100.00 95.62 125.72 148.85 191.58 156.88 ABA Community Bank Index(1) 100.00 93.10 95.26 93.40 114.10 103.42 
 (1) The ABA Community Bank Index is a market capitalization-weighted index, including banks and thrifts or their holding companies listed on The NASDAQ Stock Market as selected by the American Bankers Association (ABA). Item 6: Selected fin ancial data Reserved. Item 7: Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Management s discussion and analysis of the significant changes in the results of operations, capital resources and liquidity presented in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for Codorus Valley Bancorp, Inc. Codorus Valley or the Corporation ), a bank holding company, and its wholly owned subsidiary, PeoplesBank, A Codorus Valley Company PeoplesBank ), are provided below. Codorus Valley s consolidated financial condition and results of operations consist almost entirely of PeoplesBank s financial condition and results of operations. Current performance does not guarantee and may not be indicative of similar performance in the future. Critical Accounting Estimates Disclosure of Codorus Valley s significant accounting policies is included in Note 1 in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-K. Some of these policies require management to make significant judgments, estimates and assumptions that have a material impact on the carrying value of certain assets and liabilities. Management makes significant estimates in determining the allowance for loan losses. Management considers a variety of factors in establishing allowance for loan losses such as current economic conditions, diversification of the loan portfolio, delinquency statistics, results of internal loan reviews, financial and managerial strength of borrowers, adequacy of collateral, (if collateral dependent, or present value of future cash flows) and other relevant factors. There is also the potential for adjustment to the allowance for loan losses as a result of regulatory examinations. 

 39 

Management discussed the development and selection of critical accounting estimates and related Management Discussion and Analysis disclosures with the Audit Committee. There were no material changes made to the critical accounting estimates during the periods presented within this report. Additional information is contained in Management s Discussion and Analysis regarding critical accounting estimates, including the provision and allowance for loan losses located on pages 43 and 56 of this report. FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS Executive Summary The Corporation s net income available to common shareholders (earnings) was 20,092,000 for the full year 2022, compared to 14,659,000 in 2021, an increase of 5,433,000 or 37 percent. The higher net income was primarily the result of higher interest income in 2022 compared to 2021, partially offset by higher noninterest expense. Net interest income for 2022 increased 13,152,000 or 21 percent when compared to 2021, primarily due to an increase in the rates on commercial loans. Net interest margin (tax-equivalent basis) for 2022 was 3.39 percent, compared to 2.87 percent for 2021. The Corporation continues to have success in growing lower cost core deposits in a highly competitive environment to offset the impact of deposit pricing increases. The average yield on earning assets increased to 3.82 percent in 2022 as compared to 3.31 percent in 2021 and the cost of interest-bearing liabilities decreased to 0.58 percent in 2022, as compared to 0.60 percent in 2021. The loan loss provision for 2022 was 2,890,000, a decrease of 773,000 compared to 2021. The decreased provision expense in 2022 was primarily due to a reduction in nonperforming assets and improved historical loss factors as older charge offs moved outside the lookback period. The provision for both periods supported adequate allowance for loan loss coverage, however, changing economic conditions may require future adjustments. The allowance as a percentage of total loans was 1.27 percent at December 31, 2022, and 1.49 percent at December 31, 2021. Noninterest income for the year ended December 31, 2022, totaled 14,854,000 representing a decrease of 1,511,000 or 9 percent compared to noninterest income of 16,365,000 for 2021. The decrease was primarily the result of lower gains on sales of loans held for sale in 2022 as compared to 2021. Included in noninterest income was a loss on sales of investment securities totaling 119,000 for 2022 compared to 23,000 in 2021. Noninterest expense for the year ended 2022, totaled 61,568,000 representing an increase of 5,353,000 or 10 percent compared to 56,215,000 for 2021. Increases in personnel, professional and legal, external data processing and miscellaneous expense were the primary factors. The provision for income taxes for 2022 totaled 5,556,000 which was 1,628,000 or 41 percent above the provision for income taxes for 2021 of 3,928,000. The increase was due to higher income before taxes for 2022 compared to 2021. Earnings per share were 2.11 basic and 2.10 diluted for 2022 compared to 1.51 basic and 1.50 diluted for 2021. The increase in earnings per share for the year was primarily the result of the aforementioned higher net income in 2022. On December 31, 2022, total assets were approximately 2.20 billion, representing a 9 percent decrease compared to December 31, 2021. The contraction for 2022 occurred primarily in cash and cash equivalents which supported an increase in investment securities and loans and a decrease in deposits and long-term debt. The Bank s capital level remained sound as evidenced by capital ratios that exceed current regulatory requirements for well-capitalized institutions. The closing price for the Corporation s common stock (NASDAQ: CVLY) was 23.80 per share on December 31, 2022, compared to 21.52 per share on December 31, 2021. Cash dividends paid on common shares for the year 2022 totaled 0.60 per share, representing an increase of 0.06 or 11 percent above the cash dividends of 0.54 paid for the year 2021. 

 40 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 vs. Year Ended December 31, 2021 The full year 2022 net income available to shareholders of 20,092,000 represents an increase of 5,433,000 compared to the full year 2021 earnings of 14,659,000. Earnings per share were 2.11 basic and 2.10 diluted for 2022 compared to 1.51 basic and 1.50 diluted for 2021. The higher net income was primarily the result of higher interest income in 2022 compared to 2021, offset by higher noninterest expense. Net interest income, which totaled 75,252,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022, represented an increase of 13,152,000 or 21 percent above net interest income of 62,100,000 for 2021. The change in net interest income was primarily due to an increase in the rate on commercial loans. The loan loss provision for 2022 was 2,890,000, a decrease of 773,000 compared to a provision of 3,663,000 for 2021. The decreased provision expense in 2022 was primarily due to a reduction in nonperforming assets and improved historical loss factors as older charge offs moved outside the lookback period. The provision for both periods supported adequate allowance for loan loss coverage, however, changing economic conditions may require future adjustments. The allowance for loan losses as a percentage of total period-end loans was 1.27 percent and 1.49 percent as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Noninterest income for the year ended December 31, 2022, totaled 14,854,000 representing a decrease of 1,511,000 or 9 percent compared to noninterest income of 16,365,000 for 2021. The decrease was primarily the result of lower gains on sales of loans held for sale in 2022 as compared to 2021. Included in noninterest income was a loss on sales of investment securities totaling 119,000 for 2022 compared to 23,000 in 2021. Noninterest expense for the year ended December 31, 2022, totaled 61,568,000 representing an increase of 5,353,000 or 10 percent compared to 56,215,000 for 2021. Increases in personnel, professional and legal, external data processing and miscellaneous expense were the primary factors. The provision for income taxes for 2022 totaled 5,556,000 which was 1,628,000 or 41 percent above the provision for income taxes for 2021 of 3,928,000. The increase was due to higher income before taxes for 2022 compared to 2021. On December 31, 2022, total assets were 2.20 billion, representing a 9 percent decrease compared to total assets of 2.42 billion as of December 31, 2021. The contraction for 2022 occurred primarily in cash and cash equivalents which supported an increase in investment securities and loans and a decrease in deposits and long-term debt. Although deposits contracted year over year, average noninterest bearing deposits increased 26,766,000. Growing core deposits remains a particular focus of the Corporation because the rates paid for such deposits are generally lower than rates on alternative sources of funds, transactional activity on these deposits are a source of fee income, and core deposit relationships provide the opportunity to cross-sell other financial products and services. The Corporation excludes time deposits in its definition of core deposits. Cash dividends paid on common shares for the year 2022 totaled 0.60 per share, representing an increase of 0.06 or 11 percent above the cash dividends of 0.54 paid for the year 2021. The Bank s capital level remained sound as evidenced by capital ratios that exceed current regulatory requirements for well-capitalized institut ions. Table 10 - Capital Ratios , following, shows that both the Corporation and PeoplesBank were well-capitalized for all periods presented. INCOME STATEMENT ANALYSIS Net Interest Income The Corporation s principal source of revenue is net interest income, which is the difference between (i) interest income on earning assets, primarily loans and investment securities, and (ii) interest expense incurred on deposits and borrowed funds. Fluctuations in net interest income are caused by changes in both interest rates, and the volume and composition of interest rate sensitive assets and liabilities. Unless otherwise noted, this section discusses interest income and interest expense amounts as reported in the Consolidated Statements of Income, which are not presented on a tax equivalent basis. 

 41 

Net interest income for the year ended December 31, 2022, was 75,252,000, an increase of 13,152,000 or 21 percent above the full year 2021 net interest income. Average earning assets only increased by 2 percent but all earning assets increased year over year, except interest bearing deposits with banks, which decreased 28 percent. Interest bearing liabilities remained relatively unchanged between the two periods. The net interest margin, which reflects net interest income on a tax-equivalent basis as a percentage of average interest-earning assets, was 3.39 percent for 2022, compared to 2.87 percent for 2021. Interest income for the full year 2022 totaled 84,653,000, an increase of 12,962,000 or 18 percent above 2021. The increase in total interest income was driven by higher rates on interest earning assets, particularly interest bearing deposits with other banks and taxable loans. Interest earning assets averaged 2.22 billion and yielded 3.82 percent (tax equivalent basis) for 2022, compared to 2.17 billion and a tax-equivalent yield of 3.31 percent, respectively, for 2021. Interest expense for the full year 2022 totaled 9,401,000, a decrease of 190,000 or 2 percent below 2021. The decrease in total interest expense was primarily driven by a decrease in rate and volume of time deposits, offset by an increase in rates on interest bearing demand deposits. Interest expense on deposits increased 36,000 or 0 percent for 2022 compared to 2021 and was primarily attributed to the aforementioned decrease in rate and volume of time deposits, offset by an increase on the rates paid on interest bearing demand deposits. The average volume of interest bearing core deposits (the Corporation defines core deposits as demand, savings, and money market deposits) was 1.14 billion for the full year 2022, a 123,440,000 or 12 percent increase above the average volume for 2021. Interest expense on long-term debt and subordinated debentures decreased 232,000 or 10 percent for 2022. The average rate paid on long-term borrowings in 2022 of 1.31 percent, reflected an 61 basis point increase from the average rate paid of 1.92 percent in 2021. The average balance of long-term debt was 18,741,000, a decrease of 15,386,000 or 45 percent below 2021. Long-term debt is primarily comprised of borrowings from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh, with intermediate term bullet maturities that supplement deposit funding and provide a partial funding hedge against rising market interest rates and subordinated debentures issued in December 2020 by the Corporation. 

 42 

Tables 1 and 2, following, are presented on a tax-equivalent basis to make it easier to compare taxable and tax-exempt assets. Interest on tax-exempt assets (which include securities issued by, or loans made to, state and local governments) is adjusted based upon a 21 percent federal income tax rate in 2022 and 2021. Table 1-Average Balances and Interest Rates (tax equivalent basis) 2022 2021 Average Yield/ Average Yield/ (dollars in thousands) Balance Interest Rate Balance Interest Rate Assets Interest bearing deposits with banks 300,922 3,588 1.19 415,840 550 0.13 Investment securities: Taxable 323,011 7,499 2.32 182,535 3,364 1.84 Tax-exempt 25,545 536 2.10 21,349 453 2.12 Total investment securities 348,556 8,035 2.31 203,884 3,817 1.87 Loans: Taxable (1) 1,557,289 72,558 4.66 1,543,078 67,060 4.35 Tax-exempt 18,200 730 4.01 9,855 447 4.54 Total loans 1,575,489 73,288 4.65 1,552,933 67,507 4.35 Total earning assets 2,224,967 84,911 3.82 2,172,657 71,874 3.31 Other assets (2) 79,891 104,776 Total assets 2,304,858 2,277,433 Liabilities and Shareholders Equity Deposits: Interest bearing demand 975,583 4,562 0.47 880,576 1,660 0.19 Savings 162,701 49 0.03 134,268 62 0.05 Time 414,784 2,650 0.64 505,981 5,503 1.09 Total interest bearing deposits 1,553,068 7,261 0.47 1,520,825 7,225 0.48 Short-term borrowings 11,987 48 0.40 10,451 42 0.40 Long-term debt 18,741 246 1.31 34,127 654 1.92 Subordinated debentures 30,727 1,846 6.01 30,646 1,670 5.45 Total interest bearing liabilities 1,614,523 9,401 0.58 1,596,049 9,591 0.60 Noninterest bearing deposits 494,969 468,203 Other liabilities 14,073 14,660 Shareholders equity 181,293 198,521 Total liabilities and shareholders equity 2,304,858 2,277,433 Net interest income (tax equivalent basis) 75,510 62,283 Net interest margin (3) 3.39 2.87 Tax equivalent adjustment (258) (183) Net interest income 75,252 62,100 
 (1) Average balance includes average nonaccrual loans of 22,944,000 in 2022 and 37,779,000 in 2021. Interest includes net loan fees of 4,510,000 in 2022 and 9,091,000 in 2021. (2) Average balance includes average bank owned life insurance, foreclosed real estate and unrealized holding gains (losses) on investment securities. (3) Net interest income (tax equivalent basis) annualized as a percent of average interest earning assets. 

 43 

Table 2-Rate/Volume Analysis of Changes in Net Interest Income (tax equivalent basis) 2022 vs. 2021 Increase (decrease) due to change in (dollars in thousands) Volume Rate Net Interest Income Interest bearing deposits with banks (152) 3,190 3,038 Investment securities: Taxable 2,401 1,734 4,135 Tax-exempt 89 (6) 83 Loans: Taxable (4,011) 9,509 5,498 Tax-exempt 379 (96) 283 Total interest income (1,294) 14,331 13,037 Interest Expense Deposits: Interest bearing demand 170 2,732 2,902 Savings 13 (26) (13) Time (992) (1,861) (2,853) Short-term borrowings 6 0 6 Long-term debt (423) 15 (408) Subordinated debentures 4 172 176 Total interest expense (1,222) 1,032 (190) Net interest income (72) 13,299 13,227 
 Changes which are due to both volume and rate are allocated in proportion to their relationship to the amount of change attributed directly to volume or rate. Provision for Loan Losses The provision for loan losses is an expense charged to earnings to cover estimated losses attributable to uncollectable loans. The provision reflects management s judgment of an appropriate level for the allowance for loan losses. The Risk Management section of this report, including Table 11 Nonperforming Assets and Table 12 Allocation of Allowance for Loan Losses, provides detailed information about the allowance for loan losses, the loan loss provision, and credit risk. For the year 2022, the provision for loan losses was 2,890,000, which was 773,000 or 21 percent lower, compared to a provision of 3,663,000 in 2021. The decreased provision expense in 2022 was primarily due to a reduction in nonperforming assets and improved historical loss factors as older charge offs moved outside the lookback period. The provision for both periods supported adequate allowance for loan loss coverage, however, changing economic conditions may require future adjustments. The allowance for loan losses as a percentage of total period-end loans was 1.27 percent and 1.49 percent as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

 44 

Noninterest Income The following table presents the components of total noninterest income for each of the past two years. Table 3 - Noninterest income (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Trust and investment services fees 4,549 4,502 Income from mutual fund, annuity and insurance sales 1,247 1,358 Service charges on deposit accounts 5,503 5,183 Income from bank owned life insurance 1,256 1,343 Other income 1,880 1,998 Gain on sale of loans held for sale 625 3,096 Loss on write down and sales of assets held for sale (87) (1,092) Loss on sales of securities (119) (23) Total noninterest income 14,854 16,365 
 For the year 2022, the overall 1,511,000 or 9 percent decrease in total noninterest income, compared to the year 2021, was primarily the result of lower gain on sale of loans held for sale in the current year. The discussion that follows addresses changes in selected categories of noninterest income. Gain on sale of loans held for sale For the year 2022, the Corporation recorded gains on sale of loans held for sale of 625,000, compared to 3,096,000 for the year 2021. The decrease was primarily the result of a change in market rates that made selling mortgage loans less attractive in the current year. Loss on write down and sales of assets held for sale For the year 2022, the Corporation recorded losses associated with assets held for sale of 87,000. For the year 2021, the Corporation recorded losses associated with assets held for sale, primarily related to the sale of the Dover Financial Center of 1,092,000. Loss on sales of securities For the year 2022, the Corporation realized 119,000 in loss on sales of securities compared to 23,000 in 2021. Securities sold included those where market pricing for certain instruments provided a favorable total return upon the sales and reinvestment of proceeds, versus holding the respective securities to maturity. Noninterest Expense The following table presents the components of total noninterest expense for each of the past two years. Table 4 - Noninterest expense (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Personnel 35,061 33,434 Occupancy of premises, net 3,848 3,540 Furniture and equipment 3,402 3,272 Professional and legal 2,626 1,698 Marketing 1,932 1,772 FDIC insurance 765 918 Debit card processing 1,703 1,460 Charitable donations 1,571 1,587 External data processing 3,884 3,385 Settlement expenses 1,000 0 Loss on foreclosed real estate, including provision of losses 25 0 Impaired loan carrying costs 546 451 Other 5,205 4,698 Total noninterest expense 61,568 56,215 
 Total noninterest expense for the year 2022 increased 5,353,000 or 10 percent above the year 2021. The discussion that follows addresses changes in selected noninterest expenses. 

 45 

Personnel The 1,627,000 or 5 percent increase in personnel is primarily the result of higher personnel costs, including variable compensation and actual medical claims expense in 2022 compared to 2021. Professional and legal The 928,000 or 55 percent increase in professional and legal expense was largely attributable to increased legal expenses associated with a matter in 2022 involving a shareholder that led to the Corporation entering into a Cooperation Agreement in April 2022. See the Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 12, 2022. FDIC insurance The 153,000 or 17 percent decrease in FDIC insurance is primarily attributed to a lower asset base in the current period as excess liquidity has been used to reduce higher-cost deposits. Debit card processing The 243,000 or 17 percent increase in debit card processing is primarily attributed to a continued expansion of electronic access to deposit accounts. External data processing The upward trend in external data processing from 2021 to 2022 reflects increased reliance on outsourcing transaction processing to specialized vendors, which is typically performed on their hosted and secure websites, thereby increasing the Corporation s data processing efficiency. Additional expenditures related to expansion in the electronic banking services offered to our client base, new technology for loan origination to improve efficiency and accuracy, and charges for higher transaction volume from normal business growth. Settlement expenses The 1,000,000 or 100 percent increase in settlement expenses is associated with the resolution of a number of legal matters. Impaired loan carrying costs The 95,000 or 21 percent increase in impaired loan carrying costs is attributable to the costs to carry impaired loans, despite the overall reduction in impaired assets year over year. Provision for Income Taxes The provision for income taxes for 2022 totaled 5,556,000, which was 1,628,000 or 41 percent above the provision for income taxes for 2021 of 3,928,000. The increase was due to higher net income before taxes in 2022 compared to 2021 . For 2022 and 2021, the Corporation s incremental statutory federal income tax rate was 21 percent; however, the Corporation s effective income tax rate was approximately 21.7 percent for 2022, compared to 21.1 percent for 2021. The effective tax rate differs from the statutory tax rate due to the impact of state income taxes, offset by the impact and volume of tax-exempt income, including income from bank owned life insurance and certain municipal securities and loans. BALANCE SHEET REVIEW Interest Bearing Deposits with Banks Interest bearing deposits with banks totaled 99,777,000 on December 31, 2022, compared to 525,644,000 on December 31, 2021. The balance decreased as the Corporation shifted to higher earning assets, allowed higher priced time deposits to run off and repaid maturing long-term debt. Investment Securities (Available-for-Sale) The Corporation s entire investment securities portfolio is classified available-for-sale, and is comprised of interest-earning debt securities (see Table 5 below). Investment securities serve as an important source of liquidity, and provide stable interest income revenue supplementary to the larger loan portfolio. The securities also serve as collateral for public and trust deposits, securities sold under agreements to repurchase, and to support borrowing capacity. The investment securities portfolio is managed to comply with the Corporation s Investment Securities Policy, and accounted for in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 320. Decisions to purchase or sell securities are based on an assessment of current economic and financial conditions, including the interest rate environment, the demand for loans, liquidity and income requirements. 

 46 

The following table shows the amortized cost and fair value, by type of debt security, for two year-end periods: Table 5-Investment Securities December 31, 2022 2021 Amortized Fair Amortized Fair (dollars in thousands) Cost Value Cost Value Debt securities: U.S. Treasury notes 19,688 19,100 0 0 U.S. agency 12,750 11,280 3,500 3,396 U.S. agency mortgage-backed, residential 283,414 250,102 181,783 181,935 State and municipal 35,517 29,399 36,319 36,156 Corporates 39,531 35,576 32,891 32,798 Total debt securities 390,900 345,457 254,493 254,285 
 At December 31, 2022, the fair value of securities, available-for-sale, totaled 345,457,000, an increase compared to the fair value of the investment securities portfolio balance of 254,285,000 at December 31, 2021. Securities available-for-sale are generally comprised of high quality debt instruments. Effective January 1, 2013, Section 939(a) of the Dodd-Frank Act changed the definition of investment grade by removing reliance on credit ratings by national statistical rating organizations. Investment credit assessment, under the revised definition, requires an active review by the Corporation (i.e., pre-purchase and post-purchase credit risk analysis) of the underlying obligor to determine that the obligor has an adequate capacity to meet its financial commitments, and more specifically, that the risk of default is low, and that full and timely repayment of principal and interest is expected. Obligations of the U.S. government and U.S. government sponsored enterprises are not subject to the due diligence requirement. However, the Corporation s municipal and corporate securities are subject to the requirement. As shown in Table 5, above, the Corporation holds investments in the obligations of states and municipalities. Municipalities have many options for meeting their debt obligations, including decreasing costs and service levels, imposing taxes and fees and selling assets. In many cases, municipal debt issues are insured or, in the case of school districts of selected states, backed by specific reserves, which provide additional layers of protection to the investor. Access to the credit market and a good credit rating are high priorities enabling a municipality to meet its current and future funding needs at a reasonable interest cost. For these reasons, defaults on municipal bonds are not common. The majority of municipal bonds in the Corporation s portfolio are general obligation bonds, which can draw upon multiple sources of revenue, including taxes, for payment. Only a few bonds are revenue bonds, which are dependent upon a single revenue stream for payment, but such bonds are for critical services such as water and sewer. Many of the municipal holdings are also insured or backed by specific school district loss reserves. Based on the results of an independent credit review of the Bank s entire municipal bond portfolio as performed in 2022, and recent bond ratings by national statistical rating organizations, we believe that the municipal investments held by PeoplesBank are investment grade. Corporates are primarily investments in subordinated debt issues believed to be higher quality bank holding company issues based on our review of each issuer s performance, capital levels, credit quality and other factors. 

 47 

The table below shows that the available-for-sale securities portfolio had an overall yield of 2.67 percent on December 31, 2022: Table 6-Securities Maturity Schedule (amortized cost basis) December 31, 2022 Maturity Distribution One Five One year through through After Total (dollars in thousands) or less five years ten years ten years Amount Yield(1) Debt securities: U.S. Treasury notes 0 19,688 0 0 19,688 2.92 U.S. agency 0 7,750 5,000 0 12,750 2.45 U.S. agency mortgage-backed, residential (2) 924 93,518 163,646 25,326 283,414 2.54 State and municipal 15 0 17,278 18,224 35,517 2.14 Corporates 1,800 1,999 35,732 0 39,531 4.05 Total debt securities 2,739 122,955 221,656 43,550 390,900 2.67 Yield (1) 6.67 3.00 2.46 2.55 2.67 
 (1) Weighted average yields (tax equivalent basis) were calculated on the amortized cost basis. (2) U.S. agency mortgage-backed securities are included in the maturity categories based on average expected life. The portfolio yield as of December 31, 2022, reflected in the table above, is higher than the 2.05 percent securities portfolio yield as of December 31, 2021. Generally, higher yielding securities, as compared to the yields in maturing and called securities, were purchased in 2022. Purchases included the reinvestment of cash flows from maturities, calls and principal repayments on mortgage-backed bonds, during a year of generally increasing market investment interest rates. At year-end 2022 and 2021, there were no holdings of securities of any one issuer, other than the US Government and its agencies, in an amount greater than 10 percent of shareholders equity. More information about investment securities is provided in Note 3-Securities, to the consolidated financial statements. Restricted Investment in Bank Stocks At December 31, 2022, the Corporation held 955,000 in restricted common stock of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh (FHLBP) and the Atlantic Community Bankers Bank, which is a subsidiary of Atlantic Community Bancshares, Inc. (ACBI), compared to 1,311,000 at year-end 2021. Investment in their restricted stock is a condition of obtaining credit from these entities. Changes in the level of restricted stock we hold is the result of member capital requirements and borrowing levels from the FHLBP as described within the Long-term Debt section of this report. Of the total investment as of December 31, 2022, 880,000 consisted of stock issued by the FHLBP, with the remainder being restricted stock issued by ACBI. Information about restricted investment in bank stocks, including impairment considerations, is provided in Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, to the consolidated financial statements. Loans Held for Sale On December 31, 2022, loans held for sale were 154,000, which consists of 96,000 residential mortgage loans and 58,000 of Small Business Administration (SBA) loans compared to 7,876,000 at year-end 2021 which consists of 2,518,000 residential mortgage loans and 5,358,000 of Small Business Administration (SBA) loans. For both years, PeoplesBank s mortgage banking production focused on originating and selling secondary-market qualifying residential mortgage loans. Loans On December 31, 2022, total loans, net of deferred fees, was 1.631 billion, compared to 1.531 billion at year end 2021, an increase of 105,152,000 or 7 percent above total loans as of year-end 2021. The increase consisted of an increase in commercial loans of 66,011,000 or 5 percent, an increase in consumer loans of 5,496,000 or 5 percent and an increase in mortgage loans of 31,599,000 or 30 percent. 

 48 

The average yield (tax-equivalent basis) earned on total loans was 4.65 percent for the full year 2022, as compared to 4.35 percent for the year 2021, benefiting from higher m arket interest rates. The composition of the Corporation s loan portfolio, by industry class, at December 31, 2022 and 2021 is provided in Note 4 Loans in the notes to the consolidated financial statements. The following table presents the general composition of total loans for five year-end periods: Table 7-Loan Portfolio Composition December 31, (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Commercial, financial and agricultural 1,246,023 76.3 1,151,877 75.3 1,180,274 76.4 1,125,295 74.7 1,124,833 75.7 Real estate-construction and land development 128,327 7.9 156,462 10.2 147,609 9.6 159,312 10.6 154,977 10.4 Total commercial related loans 1,374,350 84.2 1,308,339 85.5 1,327,883 86.0 1,284,607 85.3 1,279,810 86.1 Real estate - residential mortgages 135,340 8.3 103,741 6.8 95,751 6.2 94,868 6.3 83,977 5.7 Consumer and home equity 123,167 7.5 117,671 7.7 120,955 7.8 125,660 8.4 121,893 8.2 Total consumer related loans 258,507 15.8 221,412 14.5 216,706 14.0 220,528 14.7 205,870 13.9 Total loans 1,632,857 100.0 1,529,751 100.0 1,544,589 100.0 1,505,135 100.0 1,485,680 100.0 
 The table below shows at December 31, 2022, the commercial loan portfolio was comprised of approximately 767,525,000 or 56 percent in fixed rate loans, and 606,825,000 or 44 percent in floating rate loans. This compares to 723,960,000 or 55 percent in fixed rate loans, and 584,379,000 or 45 percent in floating rate loans, as of December 31, 2021. Floating rate loans reprice periodically with changes in the Wall Street Journal (WSJ) Prime Rate, or the Secured Overnight Financial Rate (SOFR). Table 8-Selected Loan Maturities and Interest Rate Sensitivity December 31, 2022 Maturity Distribution One Five One year through through After fifteen (dollars in thousands) or less five years fifteen years years Total Commercial, financial and agricultural 513,671 290,253 421,112 20,987 1,246,023 Real estate-construction and land development 17,495 65,365 39,757 5,710 128,327 Total commercial related loans 531,166 355,618 460,869 26,697 1,374,350 Fixed interest rates 52,593 306,203 384,035 24,694 767,525 Floating interest rates 478,573 49,415 76,834 2,003 606,825 Total commercial related loans 531,166 355,618 460,869 26,697 1,374,350 
 During 2022, in terms of dollars and percentages more fixed rate commercial loans were originated, although a majority of the commercial portfolio is fixed rate loans with maturities ranging from five to ten years. Although the commercial loan portfolio s fixed rate volume and longer maturities increase risk if interest rates rise, management has implemented interest rate risk mitigation strategies which include maintaining a shorter duration in the Corporation s investment portfolio, and lengthening fixed rate liabilities, principally borrowings from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh. In addition, commercial loans are generally structured with an initial fixed rate period, typically five years, and then adjustments based upon a predetermined index if a new fixed rate is not renegotiated. 

 49 

Additional loan information can be found in Note 4 Loans, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements, and within the Risk Management section of this report. Premises and Equipment On December 31, 2022, premises and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation, totaled 21,136,000, as compared to 21,955,000 on December 31, 2021. The decrease was a result of depreciation and disposals on existing premises and equipment of 2,589,000, offset by new purchases of premises and equipment of 1,841,000. The remaining change was the result of transfers to assets held for sale, net of disposition of a portion of those assets. Financing leases which are now included as part of premises and equipment on the consolidated balance sheets had a balance of 994,000 on December 31, 2022. Operating Leases Right-of-Use Assets On December 31, 2022, operating leases right-of-use assets totaled 3,072,000, which was 1,375,000 or 81 percent higher than the level at year-end 2021. The increase was primarily the result of the new Hunt Valley Connections Center, which opened in the first quarter 2022. The composition of the Corporation s leases is provided in Note 6 Premises, Equipment and Leases. Other Assets On December 31, 2022, other assets totaled 89,417,000, compared to 76,684,000 of other assets as of December 31, 2021. Other assets were primarily comprised of investments in bank owned life insurance (BOLI), prepaid expenses, accrued interest receivable, and deferred tax assets. Investments in life insurance relates to a select group of employees and directors whereby PeoplesBank is the owner and beneficiary of the policies. These investments, carried at the cash surrender value of the underlying policies, totaled 55,897,000 at year-end 2022, compared to 54,644,000 at year-end 2021. The selection of the underlying BOLI insurers is based primarily on the respective insurers high credit rating and reputation, and competitive tax-exempt yield. The Corporation also seeks to maintain a reasonable diversification among insurers supporting the BOLI portfolio. The level of the Corporation s BOLI investment was approximately 23 percent of PeoplesBank s Tier 1 capital, excluding net unrealized gains on available-for-sale securities, at December 31, 2022, which is within the regulatory guideline of 25 percent of Tier 1 capital. At December 31, 2022 there were 479,000 in foreclosed real estate assets included in other assets, compared to none at December 31, 2021. Also included with other assets is 6,624,000 of accrued interest receivable on loans and investment securities, and 16,692,000 of net deferred tax assets. Additional information about these assets can be found in Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the notes to the consolidated financial statements under the appropriate subheadings. Funding Deposits Deposits are the Corporation s principal source of funding for earning assets. The average rate paid on interest-bearing deposits was 0.47 percent for the year 2022 as compared to 0.48 percent for the year 2021. On December 31, 2022, deposits totaled 1.94 billion, which represented a 200,546,000 or 9 percent decrease compared to the level at year-end 2021. Core deposits, consisting of demand, money market and savings, in aggregate, decreased 120,969,000 or 7 percent and time deposits (i.e. CDs) decreased 79,577,000 or 17 percent. Of the total 382,138,000 of time deposits as of December 31, 2022, the balance of certificates of deposit with a balance of less than 100,000 totaled 210,331,000; 100,000 to 250,000 totaled 123,002,000 and 250,000 or more totaled 48,805,000. Time deposits totaling 262,893,000 or 69 percent of the total at year-end 2022 will mature in 2023. On December 31, 2022, the balance of certificates of deposit with a balance of 100,000 and above was 171,807,000. Of this total, 33,150,000 mature within three months, 24,174,000 mature after three months but within six months, 60,875,000 mature after six months but within twelve months, and the remaining 53,608,000 mature beyond twelve 

 50 

months. The composition of the Corporation s deposit portfolio at December 31, 2022 is provided in Note 7-Deposits, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements. The table below reports an estimate of uninsured time deposits by maturity. Table 9 Uninsured Time Deposit Maturities (dollars in thousands) 2022 2023 14,509 2024 3,654 2025 442 2026 259 2027 0 Thereafter 0 Total uninsured time deposits 18,864 
 Short-term Borrowings Short-term borrowings consist of securities sold under agreements to repurchase (repo agreements), federal funds purchased, and other borrowings as described more fully in Note 8-Short-term Borrowings and Long-term Debt, to the consolidated financial statements. On December 31, 2022, short-term borrowings totaled 11,605,000, as compared to the 10,761,000 as of December 31, 2021. The balance on December 31, 2022, consisted of 11,605,000 of repurchase agreements and no other short-term borrowings as compared to the balance of 10,761,000 at year-end 2021 consisting of repurchase agreements and no other short-term borrowings. The increase in the balance of repurchase agreements was a result of a shifting in balances out of deposit products while other short-term borrowings remained the same as cash flow from investments and deposits were ample to fund loan growth and maintain adequate liquidity. Long-term Debt Long-term debt is a secondary funding source to deposits for asset growth. On December 31, 2022, long-term debt totaled 42,314,000, compared to 52,262,000 at year-end 2021. The decrease was the result of the repayment of matured advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh (FHLBP). Subordinated debentures issued by the Corporation in December, 2020 are included in long-term debt, totaling 30,764,000 and 30,683,000, respectively. Generally, funds for the payment of long-term debt come from operations. On December 31, 2022, total unused credit with the FHLBP was approximately 676,626,000. Obligations to the FHLBP are secured by FHLBP stock and qualifying collateral, principally real estate secured loans. A listing of outstanding long-term debt obligations is provided in Note 8-Short-term Borrowings and Long-term Debt, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements. Operating Leases Liabilities On December 31, 2022, operating leases liabilities totaled 3,204,000, which was 1,401,000 or 78 percent higher than the level at year-end 2021. The increase was primarily the result of the new Hunt Valley Connections Center, which opened in the first quarter 2022. The composition of the Corporation s leases is provided in Note 8 Leases. Shareholders Equity and Capital Adequacy Shareholders equity, or capital, enables the Corporation to maintain asset growth and absorb losses. Capital adequacy can be affected by a multitude of factors, including profitability, new stock issuances, corporate expansion, balance sheet growth, dividend policy, and regulatory mandates. Total shareholders equity was 177,300,000.00 on December 31, 2022, a decrease of approximately 18,205,000 or 9 percent, compared to 195,505,000 at year-end 2021. The decrease was primarily the result of the Corporation s 20,092,000 in net income available for shareholders less 5,715,000 of dividends paid to shareholders in 2022, 2,018,000 in net equity transactions during 2022 and a 34,600,000 other comprehensive loss. Information pertaining to stock of the Corporation is disclosed in Note 10 Shareholders Equity, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

 51 

Dividends on Stock The Corporation typically pays cash dividends on its stock on a quarterly basis. The Board of Directors determines the dividend rate after considering the Corporation s capital requirements, current and projected net income, and other factors. Annual cash dividends per share for the year 2022 totaled 0.60 per share, representing an increase of 0.06 or 11 percent above the cash dividends of 0.54 paid for the year 2021. Compensation Plans As disclosed in this report, the Corporation maintains various employee and director benefit plans that could result in the issuance of its stock or affect its earnings. Information regarding these plans can be found in Note 11-Benefit Plans and Note 12-Stock-Based Compensation, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements. Capital Ratios Banks and bank holding companies are subject to regulatory capital requirements administered by federal banking agencies. Capital adequacy guidelines and, additionally for banks, prompt corrective action regulations, involve quantitative measures of assets, liabilities, and certain off balance sheet items calculated under regulatory accounting practices. Capital amounts and classifications are also subject to qualitative judgments by regulators. Failure to meet capital requirements can lead to enforcement and other actions by banking regulators. The net unrealized gain or loss on available for sale securities is not included in computing regulatory capital. As of December 31, 2022, the Corporation and Bank met all capital adequacy requirements to which they are subject. Prompt corrective action regulations provide five classifications: well-capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized, and critically undercapitalized, although these terms are not used to represent overall financial condition. If adequately capitalized, regulatory approval is required to accept brokered deposits. If undercapitalized, capital distributions are limited, as is asset growth and expansion, and capital restoration plans are required. At year-end 2022 and 2021, PeoplesBank was considered well-capitalized under the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action. 

 52 

Table 10-Capital Ratios To be Well Required for Capitalized Under Capital Adequacy Prompt Corrective (dollars in thousands) Actual Ratios (1) Purposes (2) Action Provisions (2) Actual Capital (1) Codorus Valley Bancorp, Inc. (consolidated at December 31, 2022 Common Equity Tier 1 12.04 7.00 n/a 209,540 Tier 1 risk based 12.61 8.50 n/a 219,540 Total risk based 15.57 10.50 n/a 271,040 Leverage 9.77 4.00 n/a 219,540 at December 31, 2021 Common Equity Tier 1 12.11 7.00 n/a 193,142 Tier 1 risk based 12.74 8.50 n/a 203,142 Total risk based 15.92 10.50 n/a 253,791 Leverage 8.59 4.00 n/a 203,142 PeoplesBank, A Codorus Valley Company at December 31, 2022 Common Equity Tier 1 14.15 7.00 6.50 245,896 Tier 1 risk based 14.15 8.50 8.00 245,896 Total risk based 15.34 10.50 10.00 266,632 Leverage 10.96 4.00 5.00 245,896 at December 31, 2021 Common Equity Tier 1 14.47 7.00 6.50 230,162 Tier 1 risk based 14.47 8.50 8.00 230,162 Total risk based 15.72 10.50 10.00 250,081 Leverage 9.75 4.00 5.00 230,162 
 (1) Net unrealized gains and losses on securities available-for-sale, net of taxes, are disregarded for capital ratio computation purposes in accordance with federal regulatory banking guidelines. (2) The Corporation is not subject to the regulatory capital ratios imposed by Basel III on bank holding companies because the Corporation was deemed to be a small bank holding company under applicable regulations as of December 31, 2022. Risk Management The Corporation s Risk Committee Committee meets at least quarterly and only includes independent directors. This Committee was formed mid-year 2022 to replace the former Enterprise Risk Management Committee, which also included members of management. The objective of the Committee is to identify and manage risk inherent in the operations of the Corporation and its affiliates. While the Committee s risk review is broad in scope, its primary responsibility is to develop, implement and monitor compliance with formal risk management policies and procedures. Credit Risk Management Credit risk represents the possibility that a loan client, counterparty or issuer may not perform in accordance with contractual terms, posing one of the most significant risks of loss to the Corporation. Accordingly, the Corporation emphasizes the management of credit risk. To support this objective, a lending policy framework has been established which management believes is sound given the nature and scope of our operations. This framework includes seven basic policy parameters that guide the lending process and minimize risk: The Corporation follows detailed written lending policies and procedures. Lending authority is granted commensurate with dollar amount, loan type, level of risk, and loan officer experience. 

 53 

Loan review committees function at both the senior lending officer level and the Board level to review and approve loans that exceed pre-established dollar thresholds and/or meet other criteria. The Corporation lends mainly within its primary geographical market area, including York County and Lancaster County, Pennsylvania and Harford County and Baltimore County, Maryland. Although this focus may pose a geographical concentration risk, the diverse local economies and employee knowledge of our clients lessens this risk. The loan portfolio is diversified to prevent dependency upon a single client or small group of related clients. The Corporation does not participate in the subprime lending market, nor does it invest in securities backed by subprime mortgages. The Corporation does not lend to foreign countries or persons residing therein. The Corporation uses loan-to-value ratios LTV ratios for loan underwriting, establishing generally acceptable ratios of the loan amount to the value of the collateral securing the loan, to minimize the risk of future loss from the loan portfolio. An acceptable valuation is required on all real estate secured loans, unless the lien has been taken as an abundance of caution. Generally, an appraisal performed by an independent licensed appraiser is required for real estate secured loans. Exceptions to LTV ratios and the use of an approved licensed appraiser are sometimes made by management or the Board of Directors when there are compensating factors. One component of the internal credit risk review is the identification and management of industry concentrations, defined as greater than 10 percent of the total loan portfolio. As of December 31, 2022, the Corporation had two industry concentrations that exceeded 10 percent of the total loan portfolio : commercial real estate investor, which represented 22.5 percent of the portfolio and residential real estate investor, which represented 16.1 percent of the portfolio. As of December 31, 2021, the Corporation had three industry concentrations that exceeded 10 percent of the total loan portfolio : commercial real estate investor, which represented 21.1 percent of the portfolio; residential real estate investor, which represented 14.8 percent of the portfolio and builder developer, which represented 10.2 percent of the portfolio. Loans to borrowers within these industries are usually collateralized by real estate. In addition to a comprehensive lending policy, numerous internal reviews of loan and foreclosed real estate portfolios occur throughout the year. These portfolios, or selected accounts therein, are also examined periodically by the Corporation s or PeoplesBank s regulators. 

 54 

Nonperforming Assets The table below presents a two-year history of asset categories posing the greatest risk of loss and related ratios. Table 11-Nonperforming Assets December 31, (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Nonaccrual loans: Builder developer 1,773 807 Commercial real estate investor 222 3,943 Residential real estate investor 856 280 Hotel/Motel 0 12,192 Manufacturing 2,965 5,125 Agriculture 912 4,297 Service 0 971 Commercial other 3,436 5,372 Residential mortgages 349 62 Home equity 457 437 Consumer other 0 96 Total nonaccrual loans 10,970 33,582 Accruing loans that are contractually past due 90 days or more as to principal and interest: Agriculture 0 324 Total accruing loans past due 90 days or more 0 324 Troubled debt restructurings (TDRs): Performing 1,213 954 Total TDR loans 1,213 954 Other Real Estate Owned: 479 0 Total Nonperforming assets 11,449 33,906 Impaired loans without a valuation allowance 9,400 28,673 Impaired loans with a valuation allowance 2,783 6,187 Total impaired loans 12,183 34,860 Valuation allowance related to impaired loans 2,484 4,058 Nonaccrual loans as a of total loans 0.67 2.20 Nonperforming loans as a of total loans 0.67 2.22 Nonperforming assets as a of total period-end assets 0.52 1.40 ALL as a of nonaccrual loans 189.02 67.84 ALL as a of nonperforming assets 181.12 67.19 ALL as a of total loans 1.27 1.49 Nonaccrual loans as a of applicable portfolio: Builder developer 1.38 0.52 Commercial real estate investor 0.06 1.22 Residential real estate investor 0.33 0.12 Hotel/Motel 0.00 17.35 Manufacturing 3.42 7.05 Agriculture 1.00 4.51 Service 0.00 1.49 Commercial other 1.64 2.42 Residential mortgages 0.26 0.06 Home equity 0.47 0.46 Consumer other 0.00 0.42 
 As of December 31, 2022 nonperforming assets totaled 11,449,000, a decrease of 22,457,000 compared to the balance of 33,906,000 as of December 31, 2021. The continuous collection efforts coordinated by the Corporation s special assets team, recoveries from borrower payments and nonperforming loan sales have been critical to reducing the level of nonperforming assets. Management believes that specific reserves assigned within the allowance for loan 

 55 

losses for each credit is sufficient at December 31, 2022. In monitoring and managing nonperforming assets, we remain concerned about the impact of changing economic conditions and the potential for adverse real estate market value changes. Nonperforming assets are reviewed by management on a monthly basis and by the board of directors on a quarterly basis. We generally rely on appraisals performed by independent licensed appraisers to determine the value of real estate collateral for impaired collateral-dependent loans. Generally, an appraisal is performed when: (i) an account reaches 90 days past due, unless a certified appraisal was completed within the past twelve months; (ii) market values have changed significantly; (iii) the condition of the property has changed significantly; or (iv) the existing appraisal is outdated based upon regulatory or policy requirements. In instances where the value of the collateral is less than the net carrying amount of the loan, a specific loss allowance is established for the difference by recording a loss provision to the income statement. When it is probable that some portion or all of the loan balance will not be collected, that amount is charged off as loss against the allowance. As of December 31, 2022, the nonperforming loan portfolio balance totaled 12,183,000, compared to 33,906,000 at year-end 2021. Nonperforming loans consist of nonaccrual loans and accruing loans 90 days or more past due. The Corporation generally places a loan on nonaccrual status and ceases accruing interest income (i.e., recognizes interest income on a cash basis as long as the loan is sufficiently collateralized) when loan payment performance is unsatisfactory and the loan is past due 90 days or more. Loans past due 90 days or more and still accruing interest represent loans that are contractually past due, but are well-collateralized and in the process of collection. A loan is returned to interest accruing status when we determine that circumstances have improved to the extent that all of the principal and interest amounts contractually due are current for at least six consecutive payments and future payments are reasonably assured. As of December 31, 2022, the nonaccrual loan portfolio balance totaled 10,970,000, compared to 33,582,000 at year-end 2021. The decrease in nonaccrual loans resulted from principal repayments, charge-offs and note sales totaling 32,055,000, which was offset by loans totaling 9,443,000 being placed on nonaccrual status. For both periods, the nonperforming loan portfolio balance was comprised primarily of collateralized commercial loans. For 2022, the gross interest income that would have been recorded if the nonaccrual loans has been current in accordance with their original terms and current throughout the period was approximately 847,000. The amount of interest income on those nonaccrual loans that was included in net income for 2022 was approximately 176,000. For 2021, the gross interest income that would have been recorded if the nonaccrual loans has been current in accordance with their original terms and current throughout the period was approximately 2,634,000. The amount of interest income on those nonaccrual loans that was included in net income for 2021 was approximately 602,000. Foreclosed real estate is real estate acquired to satisfy debts owed to PeoplesBank and is included in the Other Assets category on the Corporation s balance sheet. As of December 31, 2022, there was 479,000 in foreclosed real estate compared to none at December 31, 2021. Troubled debt restructurings pertain to loans whose terms have been modified to include a concession that we would not ordinarily consider due to the debtor s financial difficulties. Concessions granted under a troubled debt restructuring typically involve a reduction of interest rate lower than the current market rate for new debt with similar risk, the deferral of payments or extension of the stated maturity date. Troubled debt restructurings are evaluated for impairment if they have been restructured during the most recent calendar year, or if they cease to perform in accordance with the modified terms. As of December 31, 2022, the accruing troubled debt restructuring portfolio balance totaled 1,213,000, compared to 954,000 at year-end 2021. The increase was the result of principal payments made on loans within the troubled debt restructuring portfolio as well as the addition of two loan relationships. At December 31, 2022, there no modifications remaining under the CARES Act, which are not considered TDRs. At December 31, 2021, there were modifications remaining for five commercial loans totaling 33,352,000 and two mortgage loans totaling 1,694,000 and no consumer loans under the CARES Act, which are not considered TDRs. At December 31, 2022, there were 20,462,000 in additional potential problem loans being closely monitored by management. These additional potential problem loans consist of loans classified as substandard, reflecting an increased risk of the borrowers ability to comply with present repayment terms. These loans are not classified as nonperforming and are not disclosed in Table 11. Comparatively, we were monitoring 47,845,000 of potential problem loans at December 31, 2021. 

 56 

Allowance for Loan Losses Although the Corporation believes that it maintains sound credit policies, certain loans deteriorate and must be charged off as losses. The allowance for loan losses is maintained to absorb losses inherent in the portfolio. The allowance is increased by provisions charged to expense and is reduced by loan charge-offs, net of recoveries. The allowance is based upon management s continuous evaluation of the loan portfolio coupled with a formal review of adequacy on a quarterly basis, which is subject to review and approval by the Board. An overview of the methodology and key factors that we use in evaluating the adequacy of the allowance and loan impairment is provided in Note 1-Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements. The allowance for loan losses consists primarily of two components: (i) specific allowances for individually impaired commercial loans and (ii) allowances calculated for pools of loans. The Corporation uses an internal risk rating system to evaluate individual loans. Loans are segmented into industry groups or pools with similar characteristics, and an allowance for loan losses is allocated to each segment based on quantitative factors such as recent loss history (two-year rolling average of net charge-offs) and qualitative factors, such as the results of internal and external credit reviews, changes in the size and composition of the loan portfolio, adequacy of collateral, and general economic conditions. Determining the level of the allowance for probable loan losses at any given period is subjective, particularly during deteriorating or uncertain economic periods, and requires that we make estimates using assumptions. There is also the potential for adjustment to the allowance as a result of regulatory examinations. A detailed analysis of the allowance for the current year is provided in Note 5 Allowance for Loan Losses in the notes to the consolidated financial statements. The allowance for loan losses was 20,736,000 or 1.27 percent of total loans, on December 31, 2022, compared to 22,782,000 or 1.49 percent on December 31, 2021. T he 2,046,000 or 9 percent decrease in the allowance from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022 reflects changes in historical losses and the reduction of impaired loans during the year. Loan balances individually evaluated for impairment over the same 12 month period decreased by 22,352,000 and include those identified as nonaccrual or contractually past due. Based on our comprehensive analysis of the loan portfolio, and recognizing other relevant considerations including expected continued loan growth, continued uncertainty on certain larger criticized assets as legal and collection efforts continue, and the unknown impact of future accounting and regulatory requirements related to the determination of the allowance for loan losses, we believe that the allowance for loan losses was adequate at December 31, 2022, however, changing economic conditions may require future adjustments. Table 12 - Allocation of Allowance for Loan Losses, below, presents a comparison of the allocation of the allowance for loan losses by major loan category for five year-end periods. While the Corporation attributes a portion of the allowance to individual loans and groups of loans that it evaluates and determines to be impaired, the allowance is available to cover all charge-offs that arise from the loan portfolio. 

 57 

Table 12-Allocation of Allowance for Loan Losses December 31, 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Total Total Total Total Total (dollars in thousands) Amount Loans Amount Loans Amount Loans Amount Loans Amount Loans Commercial, financial and agricultural 18,408 76.3 19,924 75.3 18,564 76.4 18,274 74.7 15,055 75.7 Real estate - construction and land development 1,769 7.9 2,408 10.2 2,034 9.6 2,263 10.6 2,835 10.4 Total commercial related 20,177 84.2 22,332 85.5 20,598 86.0 20,537 85.3 17,890 86.1 Real estate - residential mortgages 270 8.3 186 6.8 256 6.2 158 6.3 126 5.7 Consumer and home equity 289 7.5 265 7.7 388 7.8 370 8.4 409 8.2 Total consumer related 559 15.8 451 14.5 644 14.0 528 14.7 535 13.9 Unallocated 0 n/a (1) n/a 22 n/a 1 n/a 719 n/a Total 20,736 100.0 22,782 100.0 21,264 100.0 21,066 100.0 19,144 100.0 
 Affecting our estimation of the allowance for loan and lease losses are several considerations that are not specifically measureable through either specific loan impairment analyses, or portfolio-based historical losses. For example, we believe that we could face increasing credit risks and uncertainties, not yet reflected in current leading indicators, associated with prolonged low economic growth, or potential recessionary business conditions for certain industries or the broad economy, or the erosion of real estate values, any or all of which can adversely affect our borrowers ability to service their loans. Additionally, we have experienced continued commercial loan growth, including growth in newer markets where we have less of a loss history. Also, there is inherent imprecision in any methodology for estimating specific and general loan losses, including the unpredictable timing and amounts of charge-offs and related historical loss averages, and specific-credit or broader portfolio future cash flow value and collateral valuation uncertainties which could negatively impact unimpaired portfolio loss factors. Liquidity Maintaining adequate liquidity provides the Corporation with the ability to meet financial obligations to depositors, loan clients, employees, and shareholders on a timely and cost effective basis in the normal course of business. Additionally, it provides funds for growth and business opportunities as they arise. Liquidity is generated from transactions relating to both the Corporation s assets and liabilities. The primary sources of asset liquidity are scheduled investment security maturities and cash inflows, funds received from client loan payments and, to a lesser degree, asset sales. The primary sources of liability liquidity are deposit growth, short-term borrowings and long-term debt. The Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, included in this report, present the changes in cash from operating, investing and financing activities. At year-end 2022, we believe our liquidity was adequate based upon the potential liquidation of unpledged available-for-sale securities with a fair value totaling approximately 140,570,000 and available credit from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh totaling approximately 676,626,000. The Corporation s loan-to-deposit ratio was approximately 84 and 71 percent as of year-end 2022 and 2021 respectively. The ratio increased with period end higher loan growth and deposit contraction in 2022. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements The Corporation s financial statements do not reflect various commitments that are made in the normal course of business, which may involve some liquidity risk. These commitments consist primarily of commitments to grant 

 58 

new loans, unfunded commitments under existing loan facilities, and letters of credit issued under the same standards as on-balance sheet instruments. Financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk are disclosed in Note 14-Commitments to Extend Credit, to the consolidated financial statements, and totaled 696,029,000 at December 31, 2022, compared to 605,425,000 at December 31, 2021. Generally, these commitments have fixed expiration dates or termination clauses and are for specific purposes. Accordingly, many of the commitments are expected to expire without being drawn and, therefore, generally do not present significant liquidity risk to the Corporation or PeoplesBank. Contractual Obligations The following table presents the amount and timing of payments due under long-term contractual obligations. Table 13-Contractual Obligations December 31, 2022 Payments due by period Less than 1-3 3-5 More than (dollars in thousands) Total 1 year years years 5 years Long-term debt 40,496 0 0 0 40,496 Operating leases 3,430 701 1,055 638 1,036 Financing leases 1,818 75 154 160 1,429 Time deposits 382,138 262,893 112,972 5,847 426 Supplemental retirement plans 8,070 369 904 975 5,822 Purchase obligations 13,198 3,273 5,432 4,493 0 Deferred compensation 1,452 33 107 52 1,260 Total 450,602 267,344 120,624 12,165 50,469 
 Impact of Inflation and Changing Prices The majority of assets and liabilities of a financial institution are monetary in nature and therefore, differ greatly from most commercial and industrial companies that have significant investments in fixed assets or inventories. However, inflation may impact the growth of total assets in the banking industry and the resulting need to increase equity capital at higher than normal rates in order to maintain an appropriate equity-to-assets ratio. Inflation may also significantly affect noninterest expenses, which tend to rise during periods of general inflation. The level of inflation can be measured by the change in the Consumer Price Index (CPI) for all urban consumers (December vs. December). The change in the CPI from 2021 to 2022 was 6.5 percent, compared to 7.0 percent from 2020 to 2021. Management believes that the most significant impact on financial results is the Corporation s ability to react to changes in market interest rates. Management strives to structure the balance sheet to increase net interest income by managing interest rate sensitive assets and liabilities to reprice in response to changes in market interest rates. Additionally, management is focused on increasing fee income, an income component that is less sensitive to changes in market interest rates. Item 7A: Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk The most significant market risk to which the Corporation is exposed is interest rate risk. The primary business of the Corporation and the composition of its balance sheet consist of investments in interest earning assets (primarily loans and securities) which are funded by interest bearing liabilities (deposits and borrowings), all of which have varying levels of sensitivity to changes in market interest rates. Changes in rates also have an impact on the Corporation s liquidity position and could affect its ability to meet obligations and continue to grow. The Corporation employs various management techniques to minimize its exposure to interest rate risk. An Asset Liability Management Committee, consisting of key financial and senior management personnel, meets on a regular basis. The Committee is responsible for reviewing the interest rate sensitivity and liquidity positions of the Corporation, reviewing projected sources and uses of funds, approving asset and liability management policies, monitoring economic conditions, and overseeing the formulation and implementation of strategies regarding balance sheet positions. 

 59 

In addition, simulation of net interest income on a look-forward basis for each is performed for the next twelve-month period. A variety of interest rate scenarios are used to measure the effects of sudden and gradual movements upward and downward in the yield curve. These results are compared to the results obtained in a flat or unchanged interest rate scenario. Simulation of net interest income is used primarily to measure the Corporation s short-term earnings exposure to rate movements. A shock is a simulated immediate upward or downward movement of interest rates. Shock scenarios do not take into account changes in client behavior that could result in changes to mix and/or volumes in the balance sheet, nor do they account for competitive pricing over the forward 12-month period. The Corporation simulates the application of these interest rate shocks to its financial instruments up and down 100, 200, 300, and 400 basis points. A 400 basis point decrease in interest rates is not simulated at this time. The following table summarizes the simulated impact of interest rate shocks on net interest income as well as the Corporation s policy limits at each level. All scenarios were within policy limits at December 31, 2022. Change in Interest Annual Change in Net Rates Interest Income Change in Net Change (basis points) (in thousands) Interest Income Policy Limit +100 2,909 3.27 (7.50) (100) (2,243) (2.52) (7.50) +200 6,030 6.78 (15.00) (200) (5,815) (6.53) (15.00) +300 9,176 10.31 (25.00) (300) (11,408) (12.82) (25.00) +400 12,357 13.89 (35.00) 

60 

Management Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting The Corporation carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of the Corporation s management, including the Corporation s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of its disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in SEC Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e). Based upon the evaluation, the Corporation s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, the Corporation s disclosure controls and procedures are effective. Disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the Corporation s reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. The management of the Corporation is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. The Corporation s internal control system is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness of future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of the Corporation s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, using the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013). Based on this assessment, management concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, the Corporation s internal control over financial reporting is effective based on those criteria. /s/ Craig L. Kauffman /s/ Larry D. Pickett Craig L. Kauffman Larry D. Pickett (Principal Executive Officer) (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) President Chief Financial Officer, and Chief Executive Officer Treasurer, and Assistant Secretary March 14, 2023 March 14, 2023 

61 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Codorus Valley Bancorp, Inc. York, Pennsylvania Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Codorus Valley Bancorp, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in shareholders equity, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matter The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. Allowance for Loan Losses Adjustments for qualitative (environmental) risk factors. As more fully described in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company estimates and records an allowance for loan losses for the general component of pools of loans based on historical loss rates for each class of loans and adjusts for the qualitative (environmental) risk factors. Historical loss rates are based on a two-year rolling average of net charge-offs. The Company s allowance for loan loss was 20,736,000 at December 31, 2022, which included 18,252,000 in allowance for loans collectively evaluated for impairment. Qualitative factors are used to adjust historical loss rates considering relevant environmental factors. The environmental factors considered include national, regional and local economic and business conditions, changes in value of collateral, changes in the level of concentration of credit, changes in the volume and severity of classified and past due loans, changes in the nature and volume of portfolio, changes in the collection, charge-off, and recovery procedures, changes in underwriting standards and loan terms, changes in the quality of loan reviews, changes in experience and ability of lending management and key lending officers, impact of regulatory and legal regulations, and other pertinent environmental factors. The application of the adjustments for qualitative risk factors to the historical loss rates requires significant judgment by management. 

 62 

The principal considerations for our determination that auditing the qualitative risk factors as a critical audit matter is the high degree of judgment involved in the assessment of the risk of loss associated with each qualitative risk factor. Our audit procedures included substantive testing related to the adjustments for these qualitative risk factors. Procedures included, among others: o Evaluation of relevance and reliability of the data inputs used to determine the qualitative factors and agreed to source documentation. o Evaluation of management judgment involved in the assessment of the qualitative risk factors including the evaluation of the reasonableness and appropriateness of the magnitude of the adjustments. o Analytical procedures to evaluate changes of the qualitative factors for directional consistency. /s/ We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. March 14, 2023 

 63 

Item 8: Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Codorus Valley Bancorp, Inc. Consolidated Balance Sheets December 31, December 31, (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 2022 2021 Assets Interest bearing deposits with banks Cash and due from banks Total cash and cash equivalents Securities, available-for-sale Restricted investment in bank stocks, at cost Loans held for sale Loans (net of deferred fees of - 2022 and - 2021) Less-allowance for loan losses Net loans Premises and equipment, net Operating leases right-of-use assets Goodwill Other assets Total assets Liabilities Deposits Noninterest bearing Interest bearing Total deposits Short-term borrowings Long-term debt Subordinated debentures - face amount (less unamortized discount and debt issuance cost of at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021) Operating leases liabilities Other liabilities Total liabilities Shareholders equity Preferred stock, par value per share; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding: at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021 Common stock, par value per share; shares authorized; shares issued: at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021; and shares outstanding: at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss Treasury stock shares outstanding, at cost: shares at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021 Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity 
 See accompanying notes. 

 64 

Codorus Valley Bancorp, Inc. Consolidated Statements of Income Years ended December 31, (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 2022 2021 Interest income Loans, including fees Investment securities: Taxable Tax-exempt Dividends Other Total interest income Interest expense Deposits Federal funds purchased and other short-term borrowings Long-term debt Subordinated debentures Total interest expense Net interest income Provision for loan losses Net interest income after provision for loan losses Noninterest income Trust and investment services fees Income from mutual fund, annuity and insurance sales Service charges on deposit accounts Income from bank owned life insurance Other income Gain on sale of loans held for sale Loss on write down and sales of assets held for sale Loss on sales of securities Total noninterest income Noninterest expense Personnel Occupancy of premises, net Furniture and equipment Professional and legal Marketing FDIC insurance Debit card processing Charitable donations External data processing Settlement expenses Loss on foreclosed real estate, including provision of losses Impaired loan carrying costs Other Total noninterest expense Income before income taxes Provision for income taxes Net income Net income per share, basic Net income per share, diluted 
 See accompanying notes. 

 65 

Codorus Valley Bancorp, Inc. Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income Years ended December 31, (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Net income Other comprehensive income: Securities available for sale: Net unrealized losses arising during the period (net of tax benefit of and , respectively) Reclassification adjustment for losses included in net income (net of tax benefit of and , respectively) (a) (b) Net unrealized losses Comprehensive (loss) income 
 (a) (b) See accompanying notes. 

 66 

Codorus Valley Bancorp, Inc. Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Years ended December 31, (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Cash flows from operating activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operations: Depreciation/amortization Net amortization of premiums on securities Amortization of deferred loan origination fees, net of costs Net amortization of operating lease right of use assets Net amortization of finance lease right of use assets Amortization of subordinated debentures issuance fees Net change in operating lease liabilities Provision for loan losses Deferred income tax expense (benefit) Increase in bank owned life insurance Originations of mortgage loans held for sale Originations of SBA loans held for sale Proceeds from sales of mortgage loans held for sale Proceeds from sales of SBA loans held for sale Gain on sales of mortgage loans held for sale Gain on sales of SBA loans held for sale Loss on writedowns and sales of bank premises and equipment, net Loss on lease write off Loss on sales of securities available-for-sale Stock-based compensation (Increase) decrease in interest receivable Decrease (increase) in other assets Increase (decrease) in interest payable Increase in other liabilities Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Purchases of securities, available-for-sale Maturities, repayments and calls of securities, available-for-sale Sales of securities, available-for-sale Redemption of restricted investment in bank stock Net (increase) decrease in loans made to customers Proceeds from sale of loans made to customers Purchases of premises and equipment Investment in bank owned life insurance Proceeds from sales of fixed assets Proceeds from bank owned life insurance Net cash used in investing activities Cash flows from financing activities Net (decrease) increase in demand and savings deposits Net decrease in time deposits Net increase in short-term borrowings Repayment of long-term debt Net change in finance lease liabilities Cash dividends paid to shareholders Proceeds from treasury stock reissuance Payment of taxes related to stock withheld Forfeiture of restricted stock Treasury stock repurchased Proceeds from issuance of stock, net Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 
 See accompanying notes . 

 67 

Codorus Valley Bancorp, Inc. Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity Accumulated Additional Other Common Paid-in Retained Comprehensive Treasury (dollars in thousands, except per share data) Stock Capital Earnings Income (Loss) Stock Total Balance, January 1, 2021 Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of tax Common stock cash dividends per share) Stock-based compensation Repurchased stock - shares Withheld Stock - shares Issuance and reissuance of common stock: shares under the dividend reinvestment and stock purchase plan shares under the employee stock option plan shares under employee stock purchase plan shares of stock-based compensation awards Balance, December 31, 2021 Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of tax Cash dividends per share) Stock-based compensation Forfeiture of restricted stock and withheld shares - shares Repurchased stock - shares Issuance and reissuance of common stock: shares under the dividend reinvestment and stock purchase plan shares under the employee stock option plan shares under employee stock purchase plan shares of stock-based compensation awards Balance, December 31, 2022 
 See accompanying notes . 

 68 

Codorus Valley Bancorp, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of our deposits are estimated to be FDIC-insured, and an additional of deposit were fully collateralized. The average account size of our consumer deposits is less than , and the average account size of our business deposits is less than . 

 69 

percent of the member s total capital stock outstanding or its excess capital stock outstanding. Management evaluates the restricted stock for impairment in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 942. Management s determination of whether these investments are impaired is based on their assessment of the ultimate recoverability of their cost rather than by recognizing temporary declines in value. Using the FHLBP as an example, the determination of whether a decline affects the ultimate recoverability of cost is influenced by criteria such as: (1) the significance of the decline in net assets of the FHLBP as compared to the capital stock amount for the FHLBP and the length of time this situation has persisted; (2) commitments by the FHLBP to make payments required by law or regulation and the level of such payments in relation to the operating performance of the FHLBP; and (3) the impact of legislative and regulatory changes on institutions and, accordingly, on the customer base of the FHLBP. Management believes no impairment charge was necessary related to the restricted stock during the periods ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 . 
 
 70 

71 

to for buildings and improvements, to for furniture and equipment and to for computer equipment and software. Maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. The cost of significant improvements to existing assets is capitalized and amortized over the shorter of the asset s useful life or related lease term. When facilities are retired or otherwise disposed of, the depreciated cost is removed from the asset accounts, and any gain or loss is reflected in the statement of income. Bank premises and equipment designated as held for sale are carried at the lower of cost or fair value. The balance of at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 consisted of retail banking property which closed in the second quarter 2022. Bank premises and equipment designated as held for sale is included in other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. of foreclosed commercial real estate, compared to foreclosed real estate at December 31, 2021. Included within loans receivable as of December 31, 2022, was a recorded investment of of consumer mortgage loans secured by residential real estate properties, for which formal foreclosure proceedings were in process according to local requirements of the applicable jurisdiction compared to as of December 31, 2021. at December 31, 2022, compared to at December 31, 2021. and in 2022 and 2021, respectively. Mortgage servicing income is included in other income in the statements of income. The MSR asset is evaluated periodically for impairment and carried at the lower of amortized cost or fair value. A third party calculates fair value by discounting the estimated cash flows from servicing income using a rate consistent with the risk associated with these assets and an expected life commensurate with the expected life of the underlying loans. In the event that the amortized cost of the MSR asset exceeds the fair value of the asset, a valuation allowance would be established through a charge against servicing income. Subsequent fair value evaluations may determine that impairment has been reduced or eliminated, in which case the valuation allowance would be reduced through a credit to earnings. At December 31, 2022, the balance of residential mortgage loans serviced for third parties was compared to at December 31, 2021. 
 
 72 

Originations of mortgage servicing rights Amortization expense Valuation allowance Balance at end of year 
 compared to at December 31, 2021. adjustment for unrecognized income tax benefits for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Corporation s policy is to recognize interest and penalties on unrecognized tax benefits in income taxes expense in the Consolidated Statement of Income. The tax years subject to examination by the taxing authorities are the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019. . All intangible assets must be evaluated for impairment if certain events or changes in circumstances occur. Any impairment write-downs would be recognized as expense on the consolidated statements of income. 
 
 73 

Weighted average shares outstanding (basic) Effect of dilutive stock options Weighted average shares outstanding (diluted) Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share Anti-dilutive stock options excluded from the computation of earnings per share 

74 

Interest Noncash investing activities: Transfer of loans to foreclosed real estate Transfer of loans to held for sale Transfer of premises and equipment to assets held for sale Initial recognition of operating lease right-of-use assets Initial recognition of operating lease liabilities 
 segment, community banking. The Corporation s non-banking activities are insignificant to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 75 

to . This estimate relates to the immediate impact of the ASC 326 adoption and could fall outside of this range due to unforeseen changes in economic forecasts or other conditions. The ongoing impact of ASC 326 adoption is dependent on multiple factors including loan and off-balance sheet exposure changes, changes in forecasts utilized within the model and the identification of specific credit impairments within the loan portfolio or held-to-maturity debt securities portfolio. In March 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-02, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Troubled Debt Restructurings and Vintage Disclosures. ASU 2022-02 eliminates the accounting guidance for troubled debt restructurings (TDRs), while enhancing disclosure requirements for certain loan refinancings and restructurings by creditors when a borrower is experiencing financial difficulty. ASU 2022-02 was updated to require that an entity disclose current-period gross writeoffs by year of origination for financing receivables and net investments in leases. ASU 2022-02 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2022. ASU 2022-02 is not expected to have a material impact on the Corporation s consolidated financial statements. at December 31, 2022 and 2021. U.S. agency U.S. agency mortgage-backed, residential State and municipal Corporates Total debt securities December 31, 2021 Debt securities: U.S. agency U.S. agency mortgage-backed, residential State and municipal Corporates Total debt securities 

76 

Gross gains Gross losses 
 The tax benefit related to these net realized losses were and respectively. The amortized cost and estimated fair value of debt securities at December 31, 2022 by contractual maturity are shown below. Actual maturities may differ from contractual maturities if call options on selected debt issues are exercised in the future. Mortgage-backed securities are included in the maturity categories based on average expected life. Due after one year through five years Due after five years through ten years Due after ten years Total debt securities 
 Investment securities having a carrying value of and on December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, were pledged to secure public and trust deposits, repurchase agreements and other short-term borrowings. The table below shows gross unrealized losses and fair value, aggregated by investment category and length of time, for securities that have been in a continuous unrealized loss position, at December 31, 2022 and 2021. U.S. agency U.S. agency mortgage-backed, residential State and municipal Corporates Total temporarily impaired debt securities, available-for-sale December 31, 2021 Debt securities: U.S. agency U.S. agency mortgage-backed, residential State and municipal Corporates Total temporarily impaired debt securities, available-for-sale 
 Securities available-for-sale are analyzed quarterly for possible other-than-temporary impairment. The analysis considers, among other factors: 1) whether the Corporation has the intent to sell its securities prior to market recovery or maturity; 2) whether it is more likely than not that the Corporation will be required to sell its securities prior to market recovery or maturity; 3) default rates/history by security type; 4) third-party securities ratings; 5) third-party guarantees; 6) subordination; 7) payment delinquencies; 8) nature of the issuer; and 9) current financial news. 
 
 77 

segments, commercial and consumer loans. The commercial loan segment is disaggregated by industry class which allows the Corporation to monitor risk and performance. Those industries representing the largest dollar investment and most risk are listed separately. The Other commercial loans category is comprised of various industries. The consumer related segment is comprised of residential mortgages, home equity and other consumer loans. The Corporation has not engaged in sub-prime residential mortgage originations. Commercial real estate investor Residential real estate investor Hotel/Motel Wholesale retail Manufacturing Agriculture Service Other Total commercial related loans Residential mortgages Home equity Other Total consumer related loans Total loans 
 Concentrations of Credit Risk Concentrations of credit risk arise when a number of clients are engaged in similar business activities in the same geographic region or have similar economic features or other correlations that could cause their ability to meet contractual obligations to be similarly affected. Most of the Corporation s business is with clients in south central Pennsylvania, specifically York County and Lancaster County and north central Maryland, specifically Baltimore County, Harford County and Baltimore City. At December 31, 2022, the Corporation had industry concentrations that exceeded percent of the total loan portfolio : commercial real estate investor, which represented percent of the portfolio and residential real estate investor, which represented percent of the portfolio. At December 31, 2021, the Corporation had industry concentrations that exceeded percent of the total loan portfolio : commercial real estate investor, which represented percent of the portfolio, residential real estate investor, which represented percent of the portfolio and builder developer, which represented percent of the portfolio. Loans to borrowers within these industries are usually collateralized by real estate. The principal balance of outstanding loans to directors, executive officers, principal shareholders and any affiliates of such persons was at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021. During 2022, total additions were and total repayments and reductions were . As of year-end 2022, all loans to this group were current and performing in accordance with contractual terms. Loan Risk Ratings The Corporation s internal risk rating system follows regulatory guidance as to risk classifications and definitions. Every approved loan is assigned a risk rating. Generally, risk ratings for commercial related loans are determined by a formal evaluation of risk factors performed by the Corporation s underwriting staff. For consumer and residential mortgage loans, the Corporation follows the Uniform Retail Credit Classification guidance. Commercial loans up to may be scored using third-party credit scoring software models for risk rating purposes. The loan portfolio is monitored on a continuous basis by loan officers, loan review personnel and senior management. Adjustments of loan risk ratings within the Watch, Criticized and Classified categories are generally performed by the Watch Special Asset Committee, which includes senior management. The Committee, which typically meets at least quarterly, makes 

 78 

ratings are considered pass ratings. A pass rating is a satisfactory credit rating, which applies to a loan that is expected to perform in accordance with the loan agreement and has a low probability of loss. A loan rated special mention has a potential weakness which may, if not corrected, weaken the loan or inadequately protect the Corporation s position at some future date. A loan rated substandard is inadequately protected by the current sound worth and paying capacity of the obligor, or of the collateral pledged. A substandard loan must have a well-defined weakness or weaknesses that could jeopardize liquidation of the loan, which exposes the Corporation to potential loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. When circumstances indicate that collection of the loan is doubtful, the loan is risk-rated nonaccrual, the accrual of interest income is discontinued, and any unpaid interest previously credited to income is reversed. The table below does not include the regulatory classification of doubtful, nor does it include the regulatory classification of loss , because the Corporation promptly charges off loan losses. The table below presents a summary of loan risk ratings by loan class at December 31, 2022 and 2021. Commercial real estate investor Residential real estate investor Hotel/Motel Wholesale retail Manufacturing Agriculture Service Other Total commercial related loans Residential mortgage Home equity Other Total consumer related loans Total loans December 31, 2021 Builder developer Commercial real estate investor Residential real estate investor Hotel/Motel Wholesale retail Manufacturing Agriculture Service Other Total commercial related loans Residential mortgage Home equity Other Total consumer related loans Total loans 

79 

Commercial real estate investor Residential real estate investor Hotel/Motel Wholesale retail Manufacturing Agriculture Service Other commercial Total impaired commercial related loans Residential mortgage Home equity Other consumer Total impaired consumer related loans Total impaired loans December 31, 2021 Builder developer Commercial real estate investor Residential real estate investor Hotel/Motel Wholesale retail Manufacturing Agriculture Service Other commercial Total impaired commercial related loans Residential mortgage Home equity Other consumer Total impaired consumer related loans Total impaired loans 

80 

Commercial real estate investor Residential real estate investor Hotel/Motel Wholesale retail Manufacturing Agriculture Service Other commercial Total impaired commercial related loans Residential mortgage Home equity Other consumer Total impaired consumer related loans Total impaired loans December 31, 2021 Builder developer Commercial real estate investor Residential real estate investor Hotel/Motel Wholesale retail Manufacturing Agriculture Service Other commercial Total impaired commercial related loans Residential mortgage Home equity Other consumer Total impaired consumer related loans Total impaired loans 

81 

Commercial real estate investor Residential real estate investor Hotel/Motel Wholesale retail Manufacturing Agriculture Service Other Total commercial related loans Residential mortgage Home equity Other Total consumer related loans Total loans December 31, 2021 Builder developer Commercial real estate investor Residential real estate investor Hotel/Motel Wholesale retail Manufacturing Agriculture Service Other Total commercial related loans Residential mortgage Home equity Other Total consumer related loans Total loans 
 Troubled Debt Restructurings Loans classified as troubled debt restructurings (TDRs) are designated impaired and arise when the Corporation grants borrowers experiencing financial difficulties concessions that it would not otherwise consider. Concessions granted with respect to these loans involve an extension of the maturity date or a below market interest rate relative to new debt with similar credit risk. The principal balance of outstanding TDRs was at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021. There was a allowance allocated at December 31, 2022 and none at December 31, 2021. There are commitments to lend to existing TDRs. A TDR is considered to be in payment default once it is contractually past due pursuant to the terms of the loan documents. Generally, these loans are secured by real estate. If repayment of the loan is determined to be collateral dependent, the loan is evaluated for impairment loss based on the fair value of the collateral. For loans that are not collateral dependent, the present value of expected future cash flows, discounted at the loan s original effective interest rate, is used to determine any impairment loss. A nonaccrual TDR represents a nonaccrual loan, as previously defined, which includes an economic concession. Nonaccrual TDRs are restored to accrual status if principal and interest payments, under the modified terms, are current for six consecutive payments after the modification and 
 
 82 

modifications remaining under the CARES Act, which are not considered TDRs. At December 31, 2021, there were modifications remaining for commercial loans totaling and mortgage loans totaling and consumer loans under the CARES Act, which are not considered TDRs. The below table shows loans whose terms have been modified as TDR s during the 12 months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. There were defaults for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 for TDR s entered into during the previous 12 month period. Consumer related loans accruing Consumer related loans nonaccrual December 31, 2021 

83 

Commercial real estate investor Residential real estate investor Hotel/Motel Wholesale retail Manufacturing Agriculture Service Other commercial Total commercial related loans Residential mortgage Home equity Other consumer Total consumer related loans Unallocated Total Allowance for Loan Losses January 1, 2021 December 31, 2021 (dollars in thousands) Balance Charge-offs Recoveries Provision Balance Builder developer Commercial real estate investor Residential real estate investor Hotel/Motel Wholesale retail Manufacturing Agriculture Service Other commercial Total commercial related loans Residential mortgage Home equity Other consumer Total consumer related loans Unallocated Total 

84 

The table below shows the allowance amount required for loans individually evaluated for impairment and the amount required for loans collectively evaluated for impairment at December 31, 2022 and 2021 along with the related loan balances for those years. Commercial real estate investor Residential real estate investor Hotel/Motel Wholesale retail Manufacturing Agriculture Service Other commercial Total commercial related Residential mortgage Home equity Other consumer Total consumer related Unallocated Total December 31, 2021 Builder developer Commercial real estate investor Residential real estate investor Hotel/Motel Wholesale retail Manufacturing Agriculture Service Other commercial Total commercial related Residential mortgage Home equity Other consumer Total consumer related Unallocated Total 
 Buildings and improvements Financing lease right-of-use assets Equipment Total premises and equipment Less accumulated depreciation/amortization Premises and equipment, net 
 A lease is defined as a contract, or part of a contract, that conveys the right to control the use of identified property, plant or equipment for a period of time in exchange for consideration. On January 1, 2019, the Corporation adopted ASU 2016-02 Leases (Topic 842) and 

 85 

finance lease for financial center. Leases with an initial term of 12 months or less are not recorded on the consolidated statement of condition. The leases have remaining lease terms of year to years, some of which include options to extend. Upon opening a new financial center, we typically install brand-specific leasehold improvements which are depreciated over the shorter of the useful life or length of the lease. To the extent that the initial lease term of the related lease is less than the useful life of the leasehold improvements and, taking into consideration the dollar amount of the improvements, we conclude that it is reasonably certain that a renewal option will be exercised, the renewal period is included in the lease term, and the related payments are reflected in the ROU asset and lease liability. Regarding the discount rate, Topic 842 requires the use of the rate implicit in the lease whenever this rate is readily determinable. As this rate is rarely determinable, the Corporation utilizes its incremental borrowing rate at lease inception, on an amortizing and collateralized basis, over a similar term. For operating leases existing prior to January 1, 2019, the rate for the remaining lease term as of January 1, 2019 was used. For the Corporation s financing leases, the Corporation utilized its incremental borrowing rate at lease inception. All of our leases include fixed rental payments. We commonly enter into leases under which the lease payments increase at pre-determined dates based on the change in the consumer price index. While the majority of our leases are gross leases, we also have a number of leases in which we make separate payments to the lessor based on the lessor s property and casualty insurance cost and the property taxes assessed on the property, as well as a portion of the common area maintenance associated with the property. We have elected the practical expedient not to separate lease and nonlease components for all of our building leases. The components of lease expense were as follows: Finance lease cost: Amortization of right-of-use assets Interest on lease liability Total finance lease cost Total lease cost 
 Supplemental cash flow information related to leases were as follows: Operating cash flows from financing leases Financing cash flows from financing leases Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations: Operating leases Finance leases 

86 

Finance leases assets Total lease assets Liabilities: Operating Financing Total lease liabilities Weighted Average Remaining Lease Term (years) Operating leases Finance leases Weighted Average Discount Rate Operating leases Finance leases 
 At December 31, 2022, future minimum payments for financing leases and operating leases are payable as follows: 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less imputed interest Total 
 Interest bearing demand Money market Savings Time deposits less than 100 Time deposits 100 to 250 Time deposits 250 or more Total deposits 
 Included above in time deposits less than 100,000 are brokered time deposits in the amount of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Included above in time deposits 100,000 to 250,000 are brokered time deposits in the amount of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The deposits from members of the board of directors, executive officers, principal shareholders and any affiliates of such persons were at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021. 

 87 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total time deposits 
 Demand deposit overdrafts reclassified as loans were at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021. . Other short-term borrowings consist of credit available through the Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh (FHLBP). PeoplesBank maintains a line-of-credit (Open Repo Plus) with the FHLBP which is a revolving term commitment used on an overnight basis. The term of this commitment may not exceed days and it reprices daily at market rates. Under terms of a blanket collateral agreement with the FHLBP, the line-of-credit and long term advances are secured by FHLBP stock and qualifying real estate secured loans. As of December 31, 2022, PeoplesBank s total availability was with the FHLBP. The Corporation maintains a line of credit with ACNB Bank to provide a source of liquidity. The line, renewable annually, is secured by a first lien on the Codorus Valley Corporate Center. The interest rate on the ACNB Bank line is Wall Street Journal Prime. draws have been made on the line and on December 31, 2022 and 2021, the balance was . The following table presents a summary of aggregate short-term borrowings as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. Weighted average interest rate at end of year Maximum amount outstanding at any month-end Daily average amount outstanding Approximate weighted average interest rate for the year 
 Securities that serve as collateral for securities sold under agreements to repurchase and pledged to provide access to the Federal Reserve Bank Discount Window and other short-term borrowing remain in available-for-sale securities. The fair value of these securities was and on December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

 88 

, Total FHLBP Codorus Valley Bancorp, Inc. obligations: Junior subordinated debt Due , , floating rate based on 3 month LIBOR plus , callable quarterly Due , floating rate based on 3 month LIBOR plus , callable quarterly Due , , fixed rate, callable on or after December 2025 Total junior subordinated debt Lease obligations included in long-term debt: Finance lease liabilities Total long-term debt 
 PeoplesBank s long-term debt obligations to FHLBP are fixed rate instruments. In June 2006, Codorus Valley formed CVB Statutory Trust No. 2, a wholly-owned special purpose subsidiary whose sole purpose was to facilitate a pooled trust preferred debt issuance of . In November 2004, Codorus Valley formed CVB Statutory Trust No. 1 to facilitate a pooled trust preferred debt issuance of . The Corporation owns all of the common stock of these nonbank subsidiaries, and the debentures are the sole assets of the Trusts. The accounts of both Trusts are not consolidated for financial reporting purposes in accordance with FASB ASC 810. For regulatory capital purposes, all of the Corporation s trust preferred securities qualified as Tier 1 capital for all reported periods. Trust preferred securities are subject to capital limitations under the FDIC s risk-based capital guidelines. The Corporation used the net proceeds from these offerings to fund its operations. In December 2020, Codorus Valley issued subordinated notes in the amount of . The Corporation may redeem the subordinated notes, in whole or in part, in a principal amount with integral multiples of , on or after and prior to the maturity date at of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest. The subordinated notes mature on . The subordinated notes are also redeemable in whole or in part from time to time, upon the occurrence of specific events defined within the Note Purchase Agreements. The subordinated notes may be included in Tier 2 capital (with certain limitations applicable) under current regulatory guidelines and interpretations. The subordinated notes have a fixed rate of interest equal to until December 30, 2025. After that term, the variable rate of interest is equal to the then current 90-Day Average SOFR (Secured Oversight Financing Rate) plus basis points. The following table presents long-term debt maturities by year as of December 31, 2022. 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total long-term debt 
 percent of PeoplesBank s capital stock and contributed capital on a secured basis. 

 89 

n/a n/a Tier 1 risk based n/a n/a Total risk based n/a n/a Leverage n/a n/a at December 31, 2021 Capital ratios: Common Equity Tier 1 n/a n/a Tier 1 risk based n/a n/a Total risk based n/a n/a Leverage n/a n/a PeoplesBank, A Codorus Valley Company at December 31, 2022 Capital ratios: Common Equity Tier 1 Tier 1 risk based Total risk based Leverage at December 31, 2021 Capital ratios: Common Equity Tier 1 Tier 1 risk based Total risk based Leverage 
 (1) Net unrealized gains and losses on securities available-for-sale, net of taxes, are disregarded for capital ratio computation purposes in accordance with federal regulatory banking guidelines. (2) The Corporation is currently not subject to the regulatory capital requirements imposed by Basel III on bank holding companies because the Corporation s consolidated assets did not exceed billion as of December 31, 2022 and therefore qualified as a small bank holding company. (3) Ratio includes Capital Conservation Buffer of , except Leverage Ratio, for which the Capital Conservation Buffer does not apply. 

 90 

million); January 2021 million); August 2021 million); and January 2022 million). In 2020, a total of shares were repurchased at an average price of ; in 2021, a total of shares were purchased at an average price of ; in 2022 a total of shares were purchased at an average price of . The Corporation s Board of Directors approved a new Share Repurchase Program Program in January 2023. Under the newly approved Program, the Corporation is authorized to repurchase up to million of the Corporation s issued and outstanding common stock. All shares of the common stock repurchased pursuant to the Program shall be held as treasury shares and be available for use and reissuance for the purpose as and when determined by the Board of Directors including, without limitation pursuant to the Corporation s Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan and its equity compensation plan. percent matching contributions up to the first percent of each employee s compensation contributed to the plan, and both the employee and employer contributions vest immediately. PeoplesBank s expense for the 401(k) savings and investment plan was for 2022 and for 2021. The components of expense are included in the line item personnel expense in the statements of income. PeoplesBank maintains a supplemental defined contribution deferred compensation plan. Under the plan, PeoplesBank contributes a percentage of compensation to the executive. PeoplesBank s expense for the defined contribution deferred compensation plan was which includes interest of for the period ended December 31, 2022. Expense for the plan was which includes interest of for the period ended December 31, 2021. The components of expense are included in the line item personnel expense in the statements of income. Total accrued liability for the defined contribution deferred compensation plan was and , respectively at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. Supplemental Benefit Plans PeoplesBank maintains supplemental retirement plans for selected executives. The expense associated with these plans was approximately for 2022 and for 2021. The components of expense are included in the line item personnel expense in the income statement. The accrued liability for the supplemental retirement plans was at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021. Income earned from bank owned life insurance policies was used to finance the cost of supplemental benefit plans, and provide a tax-exempt return to PeoplesBank. Directors Post Retirement Split-dollar Life Insurance Benefit PeoplesBank recorded net expense of in 2022 and in 2021, on bank owned life insurance policies with a post retirement split-dollar life insurance benefit. The components of expense are included in the line item personnel expense in the income statement. The accrued liability for the post retirement split-dollar benefit was at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021. Directors and Executives Deferred Compensation Plans PeoplesBank maintains plans for deferred compensation related to directors and executives. Under the plans, the executive or director may defer a portion of their compensation in accordance with the terms of the plan. The accrued expense related to the directors deferred compensation plan was which includes interest of for the period ended December 31, 2022. The accrued expense was which includes interest of for the period ended December 31, 2021. The components of expense are included in the line item other expense in the statements of income. Total accrued liability was and , respectively at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. The accrued expense related to the executive deferred compensation plan was which includes interest of for the period ended December 31, 2022. The accrued expense was which includes interest of for the period ended December 31, 2021. The components of expense are included in the line item other expense in the statements of income. Total accrued liability was and respectively at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

 91 

(2) Stock options Stock appreciation rights Restricted stock 2017 Long Term Incentive Restricted stock units Plan (17LTIP) Stock awards (3) 2007 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP) Stock options Employee Stock Bonus Plan (ESBP) Stock awards 
 (1) Shares/options are subject to adjustment in the event of specified changes in the Corporation s capital structure. (2) Plan expired on May 15, 2017. (3) Amount includes of unvested restricted stock and unvested restricted stock units. 2007 Long-Term Incentive Plan (07LTIP) and 2017 Long-Term Incentive Plan (17LTIP) Options awarded under these plans to date have been granted with an exercise price equal to the fair value of the stock on the grant date, a minimum vesting period of and an expiration period of . Restricted awards and restricted stock units are granted at fair value. restricted shares granted in 2022 vest in from the date of grant. restricted shares granted in 2021 vest from the date of grant; restricted shares granted in 2021 vest from date of grant; restricted stock units granted in 2021 vest with specified date from date of grant. All of the remaining restricted shares and restricted stock units granted in 2022 and 2021 vest as follows: one third at the end of the first year from the date of grant; one third at the end of the second year from the date of grant; and one third at the end of the third year from the date of grant. Restricted stock awards and restricted stock units are participating securities but had no impact on basic EPS at December 31, 2022 and 2021. The plans also permit the granting of stock awards. Upon exercise and/or award, the Corporation has historically issued treasury stock, if available, and/or authorized, but unissued, common stock to satisfy the options/awards. The following table presents compensation expense and related tax benefits for stock option, restricted stock and stock awards recognized on the consolidated statements of income. Tax benefit Net income effect 
 The tax benefit shown in the preceding table is less than the benefit that would be calculated using the Corporation s statutory Federal tax rate for 2022 and 2021. Under FASB ASC Topic 718, tax benefits are only recognized over the vesting period for options that ordinarily will generate a tax deduction when exercised (non-qualified stock options), restricted stock awards and restricted stock units. The Corporation granted the following restricted stock, restricted stock units and stock awards during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Restricted stock units Stock award 

92 

A summary of stock options activity from the option and stock incentive plans is shown below. years Granted Exercised Cancelled/Forfeited Expired Outstanding at December 31, 2022 years Vested and exercisable at December 31, 2022 years 
 The following table presents information about stock options exercised for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Cash received from options exercised Tax deduction realized from options exercised 
 The following table presents information about non-vested options, restricted stock and restricted stock units for the year ended December 31, 2022. Vested Cancelled/Forfeited Granted Non-vested at December 31, 2022 
 As of December 31, 2022, total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested options, restricted stock and restricted stock units was , of which will be recognized in 2023, will be recognized in 2024 and will be recognized in 2025 with a weighted average recognition period of years. The unrecognized compensation expense does not include an estimate for forfeiture of stock awards. The Corporation recognizes forfeitures in the period in which the forfeiture occurs. Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP) Under the ESPP, eligible employees can purchase common stock of the Corporation at of the fair market value of the stock at the beginning or end of the six-month offering period, whichever is lower. The ESPP is considered to be a compensatory plan. The following table presents information about the ESPP for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Average purchase price per share of market value) Compensation expense recognized (in thousands) Shares issued from treasury stock to satisfy the purchase of ESPP shares Shares issued from authorized but unissued common stock to satisfy the purchase of ESPP shares 
 Employee Stock Bonus Plan (ESBP) The ESBP is administered by the Compensation Committee which is comprised of non-employee members of the Corporation s Board of Directors. Under the ESBP the Corporation may issue shares of its common stock to employees as performance based compensation. There were shares of common stock issued under the ESBP in 2022 and 2021. 

 93 

State Total current tax provision Deferred tax expense (benefit) Federal State Total deferred tax expense (benefit) Total tax provision 
 The differences between the effective income tax rate and the Federal statutory income tax rate for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are shown below. Increase (decrease) resulting from: Tax-exempt interest income Bank owned life insurance income State income taxes, net of federal tax benefit Other, net Effective income tax rate 
 Significant components of the Corporation s net deferred tax asset, included in other assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 are shown below. Deferred compensation Leasing Net unrealized losses on available-for-sale securities Other Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities Deferred loan fees Depreciation Leasing Acquisition accounting adjustments Other Total deferred tax liabilities Net deferred tax assets 
 Based on the level of historical income projections for future taxable income over the periods in which the deferred tax assets are deductible, management believes that, as of December 31, 2022, it is more likely than not that the Corporation will realize the benefits of its deferred tax assets. 

 94 

to and maturities ranging from months to years. As of December 31, 2021, the fixed rate loan commitments have interest rates ranging from to and maturities ranging from year to years. A summary of outstanding commitments at December 31, 2022 and 2021 is shown below. Variable rate Unfunded commitments of existing loans Fixed rate Variable rate Standby letters of credit 

95 

U.S. agency U.S. agency mortgage-backed, residential State and municipal Corporates Other assets: Loan-level interest rate swaps December 31, 2021 Securities available-for-sale: U.S. agency U.S. agency mortgage-backed, residential State and municipal Corporates Other assets: Loan-level interest rate swaps 
 Assets Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis Impaired Loans Impaired loans are those that are accounted for under FASB ASC Topic 310, in which the Corporation has measured impairment generally based on the fair value of the loan s collateral. Fair value is generally determined based upon independent third-party appraisals of the properties, or discounted cash flows based upon the expected proceeds. These loans are included as Level 3 fair 
 
 96 

net of valuation allowances of and charge-offs of , compared to impaired loan balances of , net of valuation allowances of and charge-offs of , at December 31, 2021. Foreclosed Real Estate Other real estate property acquired through foreclosure is initially recorded at fair value of the property at the transfer date less estimated selling cost. Subsequently, other real estate owned is carried at the lower of its carrying value or the fair value less estimated selling cost. Fair value is usually determined based upon an independent third-party appraisal of the property or occasionally upon a recent sales offer. At December 31, 2022 the fair value of foreclosed real estate assets was , net of a write-down of compared to foreclosed real estate assets with a write-down or valuation allowance at December 31, 2021. Mortgage Servicing Rights Mortgage servicing rights are initially recorded at fair value upon the sale of residential mortgage loans to secondary market investors. The fair value of servicing rights is based on the present value of estimated future cash flows on pools of mortgages stratified by rate and original time to maturity. Mortgage servicing rights are subsequently evaluated for impairment on a quarterly basis. Significant inputs to the valuation include expected cash flow, expected net servicing income, a cash flow discount rate and the expected life of the underlying loans. Impaired residential real estate investor loans Impaired agriculture loans Impaired manufacturer loans Impaired other loans Impaired other real estate owned December 31, 2021 Impaired builder developer loans Impaired residential real estate investor loans Impaired commercial real estate loans Impaired agriculture loans Impaired service loans Impaired other loans Mortgage servicing rights 
 The following table presents additional quantitative information about assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis and for which the Corporation has utilized Level 3 inputs to determine fair value: Appraisal (1) Appraisal adjustments (2) - Impaired residential real estate investor loans Appraisal (1) Appraisal adjustments (2) - Impaired agriculture loans Appraisal (1) Appraisal adjustments (2) - Impaired manufacturer loans Appraisal (1) Appraisal adjustments (2) - Impaired other loans Appraisal (1) Appraisal adjustments (2) - Impaired other real estate owned Appraisal (1) Appraisal adjustments (2) - 

97 

Appraisal (1) Appraisal adjustments (2) - Impaired residential real estate investor loans Appraisal (1) Appraisal adjustments (2) - Impaired commercial real estate loans Appraisal (1) Appraisal adjustments (2) - Impaired agriculture loans Appraisal (1) Appraisal adjustments (2) - Impaired service loans Appraisal (1) Appraisal adjustments (2) - Impaired other loans Appraisal (1) Appraisal adjustments (2) - Mortgage servicing rights Multiple of annual service fee Estimated prepayment speed based on rate and term - 
 (1) Fair value is generally determined through independent appraisals which generally include various level 3 inputs that are not identifiable. (2) Appraisal amounts may be adjusted downward by the Corporation s management for qualitative factors such as economic conditions, and estimated liquidation expenses. The range of liquidation expenses and other adjustments are presented as a percent of the appraisal or financial statement book value. 
 
 98 

Securities available-for-sale Restricted investment in bank stocks N/A N/A N/A N/A Loans held for sale Loans, net Interest receivable Financial liabilities Deposits Short-term borrowings Long-term debt (1) Subordinated debentures Interest payable Off-balance sheet instruments December 31, 2021 Financial assets Cash and cash equivalents Securities available-for-sale Restricted investment in bank stocks N/A N/A N/A N/A Loans held for sale Loans, net Interest receivable Financial liabilities Deposits Short-term borrowings Long-term debt Subordinated debentures Interest payable Off-balance sheet instruments 
 (1) Excludes leases included in long-term debt. 

 99 

December 31, 2021 Repurchase Agreements 
 Notional Amount Cash Collateral Posted (b) 
 (a) Included in other assets and other non-interest income as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and Consolidated Statements of Income, respectively. cash collateral was posted as of December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. 

 100 

Gross amounts offset Net amounts presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheets Gross amounts not offset: Financial instruments Cash Collateral Net amounts 
 Investment in bank subsidiary Investment in other subsidiaries Premises and equipment, net Other assets Total assets Liabilities Long-term debt Subordinated debentures Other liabilities Total liabilities Shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity 
 Condensed Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income Dividends from bank subsidiary Total income Expense Interest expense on long-term debt Interest expense on subordinated debentures Occupancy of premises, net Other Total expense Income before applicable income tax benefit and undistributed earnings of subsidiaries Applicable income tax benefit Income before undistributed earnings of subsidiaries Equity in undistributed earnings of bank subsidiary Net income Comprehensive (loss) income 

101 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operations: Depreciation Amortization of subordinated debentures issuance fees Equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiaries, net Other, net Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Additional investment from (in) bank subsidiary Purchases of premises and equipment Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities Cash flows from financing activities Cash dividends paid to shareholders Treasury stock repurchased Net issuance of stock Net cash used in financing activities Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 

102 

Item 9: Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure None. Item 9A: Controls and Procedures The Corporation maintains controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC. Based upon their evaluation of those controls and procedures required by paragraph (b) of Rule 13a-15 or Rule 15d-15 under the Exchange Act performed as of December 31, 2022, the Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officers of the Corporation concluded that the Corporation s disclosure controls and procedures were effective. There was no change in the Corporation s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Corporation s internal control over financial reporting. A Report of Management s Assessment of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting is located on page 60 of this Annual Report, and incorporated herein by reference. The Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officers are not aware of any changes in internal controls over financial reporting or in other factors that has materially affected these controls subsequent to December 31, 2022, the date of their evaluation. Item 9B: Other information None. 

 103 

PART III Item 10: Directors, executive officers and corporate governance Information appearing in the Corporation s Definitive Proxy Statement relating to the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders Proxy Statement ), under the heading, Proposal 1-Election of Directors and the caption Information about Nominees and Continuing Directors, under the heading Information Concerning Security Ownership and the caption Executive Officers, and under the heading Governance of the Corporation is incorporated by reference in response to this item. The Corporation has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics Code of Ethics as defined in Item 406 of Regulation S-K. The Code of Ethics is also accessible on PeoplesBank s website at www.peoplesbanknet.com . Select Investor Relations at the bottom of the page and then select Governance Documents . Information appearing in the Proxy Statement, under the heading Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance is incorporated by reference in response to this item. Item 11: Executive compensation Information appearing in the Proxy Statement, under the captions Executive Compensation , Director Compensation and Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation is incorporated by reference in response to this item. Item 12: Security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management and related shareholder matters Information appearing on page 36 of this report under the caption Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans and in the Proxy Statement, under the caption Information Concerning Security Ownership is incorporated by reference in response to this item. Item 13: Certain relationships and related transactions, and director independence Information appearing in the Proxy Statement, under the captions Related Person Transactions and Policies and Governance of the Corporation is incorporated by reference in response to this item. Item 14: Principal accounting fees and services Information appearing in the Proxy Statement, under the caption Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, is incorporated by reference in response to this item. 

 104 

PART IV Item 15: Exhibits and financial statement schedules (a) Documents filed as part of this Form 10-K report. 1. Financial Statements The following consolidated statements of Codorus Valley Bancorp, Inc. are incorporated by reference to Part II, Item 8 hereof: Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Consolidated Balance Sheets Consolidated Statements of Income Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 2. Financial Statement Schedules Required financial statement schedules are omitted. This information is either not applicable, not required or is shown in the respective financial statements or in the notes thereto. 3. Exhibits filed as part of 10-K pursuant to Item 601 of Regulation S-K. See Exhibit Index. 

 105 

Signatures Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. Codorus Valley Bancorp, Inc. (Registrant) /s/ Craig L. Kauffman Craig L. Kauffman, Date: March 14, 2023 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signature and Capacity /s/ Craig L. Kauffman President, Chief Executive Officer, 3/14/2023 Craig L. Kauffman And Director (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Cynthia A. Dotzel Chair of the Board of Directors 3/14/2023 Cynthia A. Dotzel, CPA /s/ J. Rodney Messick Vice-Chair of the Board of Directors 3/14/2023 J. Rodney Messick /s/ Sarah M. Brown Director 3/14/2023 Sarah M. Brown /s/ Brian D. Brunner Director 3/14/2023 Brian D. Brunner /s/ Keith Cenekofsky Director 3/14/2023 Keith Cenekofsky, CPA /s/ Scott V. Fainor Director 3/14/2023 Scott V. Fainor /s/ John W. Giambalvo, Esq. Director 3/14/2023 John W. Giambalvo, Esq. /s/ John E. Kiernan, Esq. Director 3/14/2023 John E. Kiernan, Esq. /s/ Kent K. Matsumoto, Esq. Director 3/14/2023 Kent K. Matsumoto, Esq. /s/ Larry D. Pickett Treasurer 3/14/2023 Larry D. Pickett (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

106 

Exhibit Index Exhibit Number Description of Exhibit 3.1 Amended Articles of Incorporation (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for June 30, 2018 filed with the Commission on August 6, 2018) 3.2 Amended By-laws (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 20, 2021) 4.(vi) Description of registrant s securities (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.(vi) of the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for December 31, 2019, filed with the Commission on March 11, 2020) 10.1 Change of Control Agreement by and among Codorus Valley Bancorp, Inc., PeoplesBank, A Codorus Valley Company and Larry D. Pickett, dated August 9, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on August 9, 2018) 10.2 2001 Employee Stock Bonus Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of Registration Statement No. 333-68410 on Form S-8, filed with the Commission on August 27, 2001) 10.3 Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Registration Statement No. 333-179179 on Form S-3D, filed with the Commission on January 26, 2012) 10.4 Form of Group Term Replacement Plan, dated January 1, 2009 pertaining to senior officers of the Corporation s subsidiary, PeoplesBank, A Codorus Valley Company (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 of the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for December 31, 2014, filed with the Commission on March 10, 2015) 10.5 Form of Director Group Term Replacement Plan, dated December 1, 1998, including Split Dollar Policy Endorsements pertaining to non-employee directors of the Corporation s subsidiary, PeoplesBank, A Codorus Valley Company (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 of the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for December 31, 2014, filed with the Commission on March 10, 2015) 10.6 Codorus Valley Bancorp, Inc. Change in Control and Supplemental Benefit Trust Agreement between Codorus Valley Bancorp, Inc., PeoplesBank, A Codorus Valley Company and Hershey Trust Company, dated January 25, 2006 and Resignation and Appointment of Trustee (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 of the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for December 31, 2015, filed with the Commission on March 8, 2016) 10.7 Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust of CVB Statutory Trust No. 2, dated as of June 28, 2006, among Codorus Valley Bancorp, Inc., as sponsor, the Delaware and institutional trustee named therein, and the administrators named therein (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on June 30, 2006) 10.8 Indenture, dated as of June 28, 2006, between Codorus Valley Bancorp, Inc., as issuer, and the trustee named therein, relating to the Junior Subordinated Debt Securities due 2036 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on June 30, 2006) 

107 

10.9 Guarantee Agreement, dated as of June 28, 2006, between Codorus Valley Bancorp, Inc. and guarantee trustee named therein (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on June 30, 2006) 10.10 2007 Long-Term Incentive Plan of Codorus Valley Bancorp, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit A of the Registrant s definitive proxy statement, dated April 6, 2012) 10.11 2007 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (Incorporated by reference to Registration Statement No. 333-266222 on Form S-8, filed with the Commission on July 19, 2022) 10.12 Executive Incentive Plan filed herewith 10.13 Form of Change of Control Agreement dated June 23, 2016 by and among Codorus Valley Bancorp, Inc., PeoplesBank, A Codorus Valley Company and each of Diane E. Baker and Amy L. Doll (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on June 28, 2016) 10.14 Employment Agreement by and among Codorus Valley Bancorp, Inc., PeoplesBank, A Codorus Valley Company and Craig L. Kauffman, dated August 6, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on August 16, 2018) 10.15 Change of Control Agreement by and among Codorus Valley Bancorp, Inc., PeoplesBank, A Codorus Valley Company and Matthew A. Clemens, dated July 14, 2016 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.29 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 10-K, filed with the Commission on March, 15, 2017) 10.16 Salary Continuation Agreement between PeoplesBank, A Codorus Valley Company and Matthew A. Clemens, dated October 1, 2002 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 10-K, filed with the Commission on March 15, 2017) 10.17 Amendment to Salary Continuation Agreement between PeoplesBank, A Codorus Valley Company and Matthew A. Clemens, dated December 27, 2005 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.31 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 10-K, filed with the Commission on March 15, 2017) 10.18 Second Amendment to Salary Continuation Agreement between PeoplesBank, A Codorus Valley Company and Matthew A. Clemens, dated December 23, 2008 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 10-K, filed with the Commission on March 15, 2017) 10.19 Third Amendment to Salary Continuation Agreement between PeoplesBank, A Codorus Valley Company and Matthew A. Clemens, dated March 11, 2014 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.33 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 10-K, filed with the Commission on March 15, 2017) 10.20 2017 Long Term Incentive Plan - filed herewith 10.21 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan by and among Codorus Valley Bancorp, Inc., PeoplesBank, A Codorus Valley Company and Diane Baker, dated January 29, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 4, 2019) 10.22 Bank Contribution Deferred Compensation Agreement by and among Codorus Valley Bancorp, Inc., PeoplesBank, A Codorus Valley Company and Craig L. Kauffman, dated February 21, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 27, 2019) 10.23 Elective Deferred Compensation Plan, dated February 21, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 27, 2019) 10.24 First amendment to Employment Agreement between PeoplesBank, A Codorus Valley Company and Craig L. Kauffman, dated September 14, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on September 15, 2021) 14 Code of Ethics, dated March 13, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 10-K, filed with the Commission on March 15, 2019) 21 List of subsidiaries of Codorus Valley Bancorp, Inc. filed herewith. 23 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm filed herewith. 24 Power of Attorney filed herewith. 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 filed herewith 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 filed herewith 32 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 filed herewith 101 Interactive data file containing the following financial statements of Codorus Valley Bancorp, Inc. formatted in XBRL: (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, (v) Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements filed herewith. 104 Cover page interactive data file (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) Management contract or compensation plan or arrangement required to be filed or incorporated as an exhibit. Portions of this exhibit which are not material have been omitted because they would likely cause competitive harm to the registrant if publicly disclosed. 

108 

<EX-10.12>
 2
 cvly-20221231xex10_12.htm
 EX-10.12

Exhibit 1012

Exhibit 10.12 

PeoplesBank , A Codorus Valley Company 

Executive Incentive Plan 

January 20 2 3 

PeoplesBank, A Codorus Valley Company 

Executive Incentive Plan 

I. 

Introduction 

The success of both PeoplesBank and Codo rus Valley Bancorp, Inc. the C ompany is dependen t upon the C ompany s ability to meet and exceed financial and strategic objectives , increase the value of the franchise and operate in the best long-term interests of the shareholders. T his success is dependent upon the contribution s of each individual e xecutive which collectively impact the Company s performance and results. 

PeoplesBank intends to provide executives with a structured incentive compensation opportunity in order to recogn ize the contribution that each makes to the overall performance of the Company . The purpose of this incentive plan is to motivate, reward and reinforce performance and achievement of corporate goals and individual performance/contributions in support of the Company s strategic objective for growth and profitability . 

While risk is an inherent aspect of business, this compensation plan is designed to reward e xecutives for certain levels of performance without encouraging undue risk - taking which could materially threaten the safety and soundness of the Company or business unit. 

This Executive Incentive Plan the Plan has been developed as a meaningful compensation tool to encourage and reward participants for the part that they play in the overall success of the Company . The Plan is designed to: 

provide a form of results-oriented variable compensation which is directly linked to overall Company performance , and , 

provide for recognition of individual contribution to the Company s performance 

II. 

Plan Year 

The plan year for this program will be the calendar year , January 1 December 31 . The Plan will pay out annually based on achievement of established goals and performance measures . The performance measures for the Plan will be determined, calculated and approved annually by the Compensation Committee . 

III. 

Eligibility for Participation 

All PeoplesBank executives who meet the crite ria below will be eligible to participa te in the Executive Incentive P lan. A listing of participant categories by grouping appears in Appendix . 

January 2023 

Page 2 

PeoplesBank, A Codorus Valley Company 

Executive Incentive Plan 

Eligibility for incentive payout will be determined by the participant s most recent performance rating . To be eligible, individual performance must meet expectations for the role and not b e subject to a performance plan . New ly hired executive s will be eligible to participat e in the Plan provid ed they start employment prior to October 1 of the plan year. Payout for current year hires will be pro -rated based on their actual pay during the plan year . If the individual started employment after October 1, the executive will be eligible for the next plan year. 

A participant s eligibility ceases at termination of employment (except in the case of retirement, death or disability) and the participant will not receive any awards under the Plan beyond those already received. To be eligible for an award, a n executive must be employed as of the payout date . 

IV. 

Incentive Opportunities 

Each participant will have a target incentive opportunity based on his/her role and competitive market practice. Incentive opportunities will be defined as a percentage of base pay. Base pay is actual base salary earned as of December 31 of the plan year. See Appendix for targets by participant categories . 

V. 

Payout Range 

Actual awards will pay out at a reduced level (i.e.50 of target) for threshold performance, at 100 for target performance and at higher level (i.e.150 of target) for stretch/ maximum or above performance. Performance below threshold will be zero. 

VI. 

Performance Goals 

Each participant will have defined performance goal s. The goal s and weigh ts are determined at the beginning of each plan year and may change from year to year. The goals are established by the Compensation Committee and Executive Management in conjunction with the annual budget process . Company goals are selected to be aligned with business/strategic plan and may reflect annual financial measures such as Pre-Tax,Pre-Provision income , net income, return on assets, return on equity, efficiency ratio , earnings per share , balance sheet growth , asset quality and other risk considerations as well as other indicators as appropriate . Personal goals generally reflect each participant s unique role and responsibilities and may include Action Plan 

January 2023 

Page 3 

PeoplesBank, A Codorus Valley Company 

Executive Incentive Plan 

objectives as deemed appropriate. T hreshold, target , and maximum goals will be defined as quantifiable goals. 

The performance goal s for the plan year are found in Exhibit A . Individual participant performance measures w ill be documented in the format that is specific, measurable, time bound , and directly tied to the budget and or action plan item for the calendar year . 

VII. 

Award Calculation and Distribution 

Payout amounts are calculated according to the level of overall performance achievement as compared to goals as explained in Exhibit A . Payout for performance between the threshold and target and tar get and maximum is interpolated. 

Incentive payouts will be approved by the Compensation Committee . Final incentive payouts can be adjusted downward based on credit, regulatory , or any other assessment of risk by the Compensation Committee . 

Actual individual payouts are then distributed to eligible participants based on payout percentage of base pay (defined as actual base salary earned as of December 31 of the plan year) for the year. Any payout is subject to the Bank s Clawback Policy . 

Payment will be made following the release of the prior year financials by the external auditors. This will occur no later than March 15 of the following year . The Company wi ll deduc t from all payments under this p lan any federal, state or local taxes required by law to be withheld from such payments. Any participant terminating employment (except retirement, death, or disability) prior to actual payment of award will forfeit that award. 

VIII. 

Administration 

Effective Date 

This Plan is effective January 1, 20 2 3 for the performance period of January 1, 20 2 3 to December 31, 20 2 3 . The Plan will be reviewed annually by the Compensation Committee to ensure proper alignment with the Company s objectives. The Company s Compensation Committee retains the right as described below to amend, modify or discontinue the Plan at any 

January 2023 

Page 4 

PeoplesBank, A Codorus Valley Company 

Executive Incentive Plan 

time during the specified period. The Plan will remain in effect until earned incentive compensation is paid to participants. 

Plan Authorization and Oversight 

This Plan is authorized by the Board of Directors. The Compensation Committee has the sole authority to interpret the Plan and to make or nullify any rules and procedures, as necessary, for proper administration. The Compensation Committee has the authority to make adjustments for non-recurring and extraordinary items that they deemed are outside management s control. Any determination by the Committee and/or Board of Directors will be final and binding. The Compensation Committee may, in its sole discretion, terminate , modify or amend any aspect of the Plan. Amendments can include adjustments to award calculations for any significant extraordinary financial items occurring in any given time period . However, no Plan amendment or termination will adversely affect an outstanding award. 

The Compensation Committee shall have full power and authority to construe, inte rpret, manage and control this plan. The p lan administrator shall be designated at the discretion of the Compensation Committee . 

Any decisions made or action taken by the Committee arising out of, or in connection with, the administration, interpretation and effect of the Plan shall be at their absolute discretion and will be conclusive and binding on all parties. The Company reserves the right to amend, suspend, reinstate or te rminate all or any part of the Plan at any time. 

The Company will give prompt written notice to each participant of any amendment, suspension, termination or any material modif ication of the Plan. The Compensation Committee also reserves the right to withhold or amend award payments based on performance or circumstances deemed highly unusual. 

Risk Assessment 

At least annually, the Director of Human Resources or Chief Administrative Officer and Chief Risk Officer (who has responsibility for risk assessment) will review this plan and provide a report including a detailed assessment regarding any risk issues inherent in the Plan . This risk report and the plan document in full will be reviewed by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors to ensure that the plan design is consistent with the comp ensation philosophy of the Company and that the Plan does not motivate undue risk taking. The annual review will also 

January 2023 

Page 5 

PeoplesBank, A Codorus Valley Company 

Executive Incentive Plan 

include the market competitiveness of the Plan , the plan s alignment with the Company s strategic plan, an assessment of how the Plan meets the objectives in the Introduct ion of this document, plus the P lan s impact on the overall safety and soundness of the Company . The Committee will then provide a report and recommendations to the full Board of Directors who are responsible to approve the Plan . 

Leave of Absence 

Employees on a leave of absence (including FMLA, Long Term Disability, Short Term Disability, etc.) will be eligible; however, their distribution will be pro-rated based upon the number of full months of work completed during the plan year under consideration . 

Termination of Employment 

If a participant is terminated by the Company or resigns, no incentive award will be distributed except death, disability or retirement. 

If a participant ceases to be employed by the Company due to death, disability or retirement , his/her incentive award distribution for the Plan year will be pro - rated based on the number of full months of work completed during the plan year under consideration . 

Miscellaneous 

The Plan does not constitute a contract of employment, and participation in the Plan does not give any employee the right to be retained in the service of the Company or any right or claim to an award under the Plan unless specifically accrued under the terms of this plan. Designation as a p lan participant conveys the opportunity, but not the right, to any awards conferred under the Plan . 

Any right of a participant or his or her beneficiary to the payment of an award under this plan may not be assigned, transferred, pledged or encumbered. 

January 2023 

Page 6 

PeoplesBank, A Codorus Valley Company 

Executive Incentive Plan 

IX. 

G overning Law 

Except as preempted under fede ral law, the provisions of the Plan shall be construed, administered and enforced in accordance with the domestic internal law of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania . 

X. 

P lan Approval 

This plan has been a pproved by the Board of Directors of Codorus Valley Bancorp , Inc. on February 14 , 202 3 . 

January 2023 

Page 7 

PeoplesBank, A Codorus Valley Company 

Executive Incentive Plan 

Appendix 

Performance Goals - Plan Year 20 2 3 

Payouts will be calculated based on achievement of the following goals, adjusted based on a relative modifier as illustrated below: 

Category 

Performance Measure 

Weight 

Performance Goals 

Threshold 

Target 

Stretch 

Corporate 

Net Income 

3 0 

20,396 

22,662 

24,928 

RO E 

35 

11.15 

12.39 

13.63 

Efficiency Ratio 

20 

69.40 

66.70 

64.11 

Individual 

Individual Performance 

15 

TBD 

Total 

100 

Once the payout is calculated according to the above table, the results may be adjusted up or down if the Company s relative ROE performance is as follows: 

Performance Measure 

Performance Goals 

Threshold 

Target 

Stretch 

Relative ROE 

25th Percentile and 75th Percentile 

> 7 5 th Percentile 

Modifier 

-20 

No Change 

+20 

Relative performance will be measured against the Custom Industry Index] (See Appendix B for example s ). If index constituents are de-registered or acquired by the end of the performance period, they will be removed for the entire performance period and will not be replaced. 

Performance will be measured based on t railing-twelve month s ROE as of 12/31/20 2 3 provided by S P Cap IQ pro . The percentile rank of Codorus s ROE against the comparator companies ROE percentile rank will be calculated to determine whether an adjustment is to be made. If relative ROE is below the 25 th percentile, the incentive payout will be reduced by 20 and if relative ROE is above the 75 th percentile, the payout will be increased by 20 . Results b etween the 25 th percentile and 75 th percentile will result in no change . 

Parameters for 20 2 3 

1. 

The Compensation Committee has the discretion to adjust incentive payments down by as much as 100 if it is determined that excessive risk has been taken. This can be done on an individual or overall basis, as appropriate. 

2. 

Base pay is defined as actual base salary earned as of December 31 of plan year. 

January 2023 

Page 8 

PeoplesBank, A Codorus Valley Company 

Executive Incentive Plan 

3. 

Company performance factor(s) must meet or exceed threshold to initiate an award in the Plan . Each performance factor is assessed independent ly from the other performance factors . 

4. 

Awards for performance above threshold but between defined points (threshold, target, maximum) will be interpolated. 

5. 

Performance above maximum level will be paid at maximum award level. 

6. 

Net I ncome is defined as net income as consolidated Income available to common shareholders. 

7. 

Return on Equity is the amount of Net Income available to common shareholders as a percentage of average common shareholders equity. 

8. 

Efficiency Ratio is the amount of the Bank s total noninterest expenses overhead as a percentage of total revenues. The determination of total revenues excludes the impact of ALLL provision and gain on sales of investment securities 

9. 

The initial calculated incentive award may be modified +/- 20 based on the relative ROE performance modifier. The final payout calculation operates as follows : 

Base Pay 

Target Incentive 
					 
						 of Base Pay) 

Incentive Performance Results 50 - 150 

Relative Performance Modifier 
					 
						 (+/-20 if applicable 

Payout 

January 2023 

Page 9 

PeoplesBank, A Codorus Valley Company 

Executive Incentive Plan 

202 3 Participant Target Awards 

Participant Threshold Target Maximum 

President CEO 15.0 30 45.0 

Executive Leadership Team 12.5 2 5 37.5 

January 2023 

Page 10 

PeoplesBank, A Codorus Valley Company 

Executive Incentive Plan 

Appendix A Illustration 

Assume a hypothetical executive with a 25 incentive target and a salary of 20 0,000. The incentive target opportunity is 50 ,000 25 multiplied by 20 0,000). 

For simplicity, we assumed the absolute performance scorecard below achieved the target performance. 

Category 

Performance Measure 

Weight 

Performance Goals 

Threshold 

Target 

Stretch 

Corporate 

Net Income 

30 

20,396 

22,662 

24,928 

RO E 

35 

11.15 

12.39 

13.63 

Efficiency Ratio 

20 

69.40 

66.70 

64.11 

Individual 

Individual Performance 

15 

TBD 

Total 

100 

Three scenarios are provided below. One where relative performance fell at the 20 th percentile; two, fell 55 th percentiles and lastly fell above the 77 th percentile : 

Scenario 1 : Relative Performance fell below the 2 0 th percentile : 

200K 

25 

100 

(1-20 

40K 

Scenario 2 : Relative Performance fell below the 55 th percentile : 

200K 

25 

100 

(1-0 

50K 

Scenario 3 : Relative Performance fell below the 77 th percentile : 

200K 

25 

100 

(1+20 

60K 

January 2023 

Page 11 

PeoplesBank, A Codorus Valley Company 

Executive Incentive Plan 

Appendix B Custom Industry Index 

Exchange - traded Banks with Assets 1B - 6 B as of 9 /3 0 /202 2 and headquarters in Mid-Atlantic or VA 

January 2023 

Page 12 

</EX-10.12>

<EX-10.20>
 3
 cvly-20221231xex10_20.htm
 EX-10.20

Exhibit 1020

2017 LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN 

OF 

CODORUS VALLEY BANCORP, INC. 

(As Amended February 14, 2023) 

ARTICLE I 

GENERAL PROVISIONS 

1.1 PURPOSES 

The purposes of the 2017 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the "Plan") are to advance the long-term success of Codorus Valley Bancorp, Inc. (the "Company" or "Codorus"), and to increase shareholder value by providing the incentive of long-term stock-based awards and cash awards to officers, non-employee directors and key employees. The Plan is designed to: (i) encourage stock ownership by Participants (hereinafter defined) to further align their interests with the interests of shareholders of the Company, (2) ensure that compensation practices are competitive in the industry and (3) assist in the attraction and retention of key employees vital to the Company's long-term success. 

1.2 DEFINITIONS 

For the purpose of the Plan, the following terms shall have the meanings indicated: 

(a) "Board" means the Board of Directors of the Company. 

(b) "Cash Incentive Awards" means a right to receive a cash payment pursuant to any award made pursuant to Article VII hereof. 

(c) "Change in Control" means the occurrence of any of the following events: 

(i) The acquisition in one or more transactions, other than from the Company, by any individual, entity or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act), other than the Company or any employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Company, of beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act) of a number of the Company's Common Stock in excess of 30 of the Company's Common Stock unless such acquisition has been approved by the Board; 

(ii) Any election has occurred of persons to the Board that causes a majority of the Board to consist of persons other than: (A) persons who were members of the Board on the effective date of the Plan, as provided in Section 11.1 and (B) persons who were nominated for election as members of the Board at a time when a majority of the Board consisted of persons who were members of the Board on the effective date of the Plan, provided, however, that any person nominated for election by a Board at least a majority of whom constituted persons described in clauses (A) and (B) or by persons who were themselves nominated by such Board shall, for this 

purpose, be deemed to have been nominated by a Board composed of persons described in clause (A); 

(iii) The consummation (i.e. closing) of a reorganization, merger or consolidation involving the Company, unless, following such reorganization, merger or consolidation, all or substantially all of the individuals and entities who were the beneficial owners of the Company's Common Stock immediately prior to such reorganization, merger or consolidation, following such reorganization, merger or consolidation beneficially own, directly or indirectly, more than 50 of the then combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors or trustees of the entity resulting from such reorganization, merger or consolidation in substantially the same proportion as their ownership of the Company's Common Stock immediately prior to such reorganization, merger or consolidation; 

(iv) The consummation (i.e. closing) of a sale or other disposition of all or substantially all the assets of the Company, unless, following such sale or disposition, all or substantially all of the individuals and entities who were the beneficial owners of the Company's Common Stock immediately prior to such sale or disposition, following such sale or disposition beneficially own, directly or indirectly, more than 50 of the then combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors or trustees of the entity purchasing such assets in substantially the same proportion as their ownership of the Company's Common Stock immediately prior to such sale or disposition; or 

(v) A complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if it is determined that an award hereunder is subject to the requirements of Section 409A of the Code and payable upon a Change in Control, the Company will not be deemed to have undergone a Change in Control unless the Company is deemed to have undergone a "change in control event" pursuant to the definition of such term in Section 409A. 

(d) "Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, including any successor law thereto. 

(e) "Committee" means the Compensation Committee of the Board or the full Board, as the case may be. 

(f) "Common Stock" means the Common Stock of the Company, par value 2.50 per share. 

(g) "Company" means Codorus and solely for purposes of determining: (i) eligibility for participation in the Plan, (ii) employment and (iii) the establishment of performance goals, shall include any corporation, partnership or other organization of which Codorus owns or controls, directly or indirectly, not less than 50 percent of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock or other equity interests. For purposes of this Plan, the terms "Codorus" and "Company" shall include any successor to Codorus. 

2 

(h) "Disability" means total and permanent disability within the meaning of Section 22(e)(3) of the Code. 

(i) "Dividend Equivalent" means an amount equal to the cash dividend paid on one share of Common Stock for each Performance Restricted Share or Restricted Stock Unit. All Dividend Equivalents will be reinvested in Performance Restricted Shares or Restricted Stock Units at a purchase price equal to the Fair Market Value on the dividend date. 

(j) "Exchange Act" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

(k) "Fair Market Value" means as of any date: (i) the average of the closing bid and asked prices on such date of the Common Stock as quoted by The NASDAQ Stock Market or (ii) as the case may be, the last reported sales price of the Common Stock on such date as reported by The NASDAQ Stock Market or the principal national securities exchange on which such stock is listed and traded, or in each such case where there is no trading on such date, on the first previous date on which there is such trading. 

(l) "Incentive Stock Option" means a Stock Option which meets the definition under Section 422 of the Code. 

(m) "Key Employee" means an employee who, in the judgment of the Committee, is considered especially important to the future of the Company. 

(n) "Non-Employee Director" means a member of the Board who is not an employee of the Company. 

(o) "Nonstatutory Stock Option" means a Stock Option which does not meet the definition of an Incentive Stock Option. 

(p) "Participant" means any officer, Non-Employee Director or Key Employee who has met the eligibility requirements set forth in Section 1.6 hereof and to whom an award has been made and is outstanding under the Plan. 

(q) "Performance Measures" shall mean the Performance Measures described in Section 4.4 of the Plan. 

(r) "Performance Period" means, in relation to Performance Restricted Shares, any period for which performance goals have been established. 

(s) "Performance Restricted Share" means a right granted to a Participant pursuant to Article IV. 

(t) "Restricted Stock Award" means an award of Common Stock granted to a Participant pursuant to Article V which is subject to a Restriction Period. 

3 

(u) "Restricted Stock Unit" means a bookkeeping entry representing the equivalent of one or more shares of Common Stock granted to a Participant pursuant to Article V which is subject to a Restriction Period. 

(v) "Restriction Period" means in relation to Restricted Stock Awards and Restricted Stock Units, the period of time (if any) during which: (i) such shares or units, as the case may be, are subject to forfeiture pursuant to the Plan and (ii) such shares or units, as the case may be, may not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged or otherwise disposed of by the Participant. 

(w) "Retirement" means an Employee Participant's termination from employment with the Company after the age and years of service of the Participant equals 65 starting at age 55, or termination of employment under circumstances which the Committee deems equivalent to retirement, or a Non-Employee Director's termination of service as a Non-Employee Director under circumstances which the Committee deems equivalent to retirement . 

(x) "Stock Appreciation Right" means a right granted to a Participant pursuant to Article III to surrender to the Company all or any portion of the related Stock Option and to receive in cash or in shares of Common Stock an amount equal to the excess of the Fair Market Value over the option price on the date of such exercise. 

(y) "Stock Award" means an award of Common Stock granted to a Participant pursuant to Article V which is not subject to a Restriction Period. 

(z) "Stock Option" means a right granted to a Participant pursuant to Article II, to purchase, before a specified date and at a specified price, a specified number of shares of Common Stock. 

1.3 ADMINISTRATION 

The Plan shall be administered by the Committee; provided, however, that the Board shall administer the Plan as it relates to the terms, conditions and grant of awards to Non-Employee Directors. A majority of the Committee shall constitute a quorum, and the acts of a majority of the members present at any meeting at which a quorum is present, or acts approved in writing by a majority of the Committee, shall be deemed the acts of the Committee. Subject to the provisions of the Plan and to directions by the Board, the Committee is authorized to interpret the Plan, to adopt administrative rules, regulations and guidelines for the Plan, and to impose such terms, conditions and restrictions on grants as it deems appropriate. The Committee, in its discretion, may allow certain optionees holding unexercised Incentive Stock Options to convert such options to Nonstatutory Stock Options. The Committee may, with respect to Participants who are not subject to Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act or "covered employees" within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code ("Section 162(m)"), delegate such of its powers and authority under the Plan as it deems appropriate to designated officers or employees of the Company. 

4 

1.4 TYPES OF GRANTS UNDER THE PLAN 

Grants under the Plan may be in the form of any one or more of the following: 

(a) Nonstatutory Stock Options; 

(b) Incentive Stock Options; 

(c) Stock Appreciation Rights; 

(d) Performance Restricted Shares; 

(e) Restricted Stock Awards; 

(f) Restricted Stock Units; 

(g) Stock Awards; and 

(h) Cash Incentive Awards. 

1.5 SHARES SUBJECT TO THE PLAN AND INDIVIDUAL AWARD LIMITATION 

(a) A maximum of 360,000 shares of Common Stock may be issued under the Plan. All such shares may be granted in the form of Incentive Stock Options, Nonstatutory Stock Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Performance Restricted Shares, Restricted Stock Awards, Restricted Stock Units and Stock Awards. The total number of shares authorized is subject to adjustment as provided in Section 9.1 hereof. Shares of Common Stock issued under the Plan may be treasury shares or authorized but unissued shares. No fractional shares shall be issued under the Plan. Notwithstanding anything in the Plan to the contrary, the maximum aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that shall be subject to stock-based awards made under the Plan to any one individual in any calendar year shall be 100,000. 

(b) If any Stock Option granted under the Plan expires or terminates, the underlying shares of Common Stock may again be made available for the purposes of the Plan. Any shares of Common Stock that have been granted as Restricted Stock Awards, or that have been reserved for distribution in payment for Performance Restricted Shares or Restricted Stock Units but are later forfeited or for any other reason are not payable under the Plan, may again be made available for the purposes of the Plan. Furthermore, shares of Common Stock that are: (i) tendered or withheld in payment of the exercise price of any Stock Option or in satisfaction of withholding tax obligations arising from any Award and (ii) shares of Common Stock repurchased by the Company that have been designated for allocation to the Plan, shall be available for issuance under the Plan. 

(c) The maximum amount of cash-based awards intended to constitute "performance-based compensation" under Section 162(m) granted to any Participant in any calendar year shall not exceed 1,000,000. 

5 

(d) No more than 200,000 may be granted in share-based awards under the Plan during any one year to a Participant who is a Non-Employee Director (based on the Fair Market Value of the shares of Common Stock underlying the award as of the applicable grant date). 

1.6 ELIGIBILITY AND PARTICIPATION 

Participation in the Plan shall be limited to officers, who may also be members of the Board, other Key Employees of the Company who are so designated by the Committee in its discretion, Non-Employee Directors and consultants to the Company. 

1.7 NO REPRICING; NO AUTOMATIC OPTION GRANTS (RELOADS) 

Without the prior approval of the shareholders, the Company may not: 

(a) Cancel a previously granted Stock Option or Stock Appreciation Right in exchange for cash or a replacement Stock Option or Stock Appreciation Right with a lower (or no) exercise price; 

(b) Provide for any automatic grant of a new Stock Option or Stock Appreciation Right upon a Participant's exercise of any Stock Option or Stock Appreciation Right granted under the Plan; or 

(c) Amend a Stock Option or Stock Appreciation Right to lower the exercise price; 

except for adjustments required or otherwise made under Section 9.1, or take any other action that could constitute a "repricing" under generally accepted accounting principles. 

1.8 MINIMUM VESTING 

Except in the case of awards granted to Non-Employee Directors, and except in the case of substitute awards or awards granted as an inducement to join the Company as a new employee to replace forfeited awards from a former employer, any award other than a Stock Award or a Cash Incentive Award granted under the Plan shall be subject to a minimum vesting period of twelve (12) months. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee may permit acceleration of vesting in the event of the Participant's death, Disability or Retirement, or upon a Change of Control. 

1.9 CLAWBACKS 

Awards shall be subject to the requirements of: (i) Section 954 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (regarding recovery of erroneously awarded compensation) and any implementing rules and regulations thereunder; (ii) similar rules under the applicable laws of any other jurisdiction; (iii) any compensation recovery policies adopted by the Company to implement any such requirements; and (iv) any other compensation recovery policies as may be adopted from time to time by the Company, all to the extent determined by the Committee in its discretion to be applicable to a Participant. 

6 

ARTICLE II 

STOCK OPTIONS 

2.1 GRANT OF STOCK OPTIONS 

The Committee may from time to time, subject to the provisions of the Plan, grant Stock Options to Participants. The Committee shall determine the number of shares of Common Stock to be covered by each Stock Option and shall have the authority to grant Incentive Stock Options, Nonstatutory Stock Options or a combination thereof; provided, however, that Incentive Stock Options may be granted only to Participants who are employees of the Company and may not be granted to Non-Employee Directors. Furthermore, the Committee may grant a Stock Appreciation Right in connection with a Stock Option, as provided in Article III. 

2.2 INCENTIVE STOCK OPTION EXERCISE LIMITATIONS 

The aggregate Fair Market Value (determined at the time an Incentive Stock Option is granted) of the shares of Common Stock with respect to which an Incentive Stock Option is exercisable for the first time by a Participant during any calendar year (under all plans of the Company) shall not exceed 100,000 or such other limit as may be established from time to time under the Code. 

2.3 OPTION DOCUMENTATION 

Each Stock Option shall be evidenced by a written Stock Option agreement between the Company and the Participant to whom such option is granted, specifying the number of shares of Common Stock that may be acquired by its exercise and containing such terms and conditions consistent with the Plan as the Committee shall determine. 

2.4 EXERCISE PRICE 

The price at which each share covered by a Stock Option may be acquired shall be determined by the Committee at the time the option is granted and shall not be less than the Fair Market Value of the underlying shares of Common Stock on the day the Stock Option is granted. If an Incentive Stock Option is granted to an employee who, at the time such Option is granted, owns shares of the Company possessing more than 10 percent of the total combined voting power of all classes of shares of the Company or its subsidiaries ("10 Shareholder"), the exercise price of such Stock Option shall not be less than 110 of the Fair Market Value of the underlying shares of Common Stock on the day such Stock Option is granted. The exercise price will be subject to adjustment in accordance with the provisions of Section 9.1 of the Plan. 

7 

2.5 EXERCISE OF STOCK OPTIONS 

(a) Exercisability. Stock Options shall become exercisable at such times and upon the satisfaction of such conditions and in such installments as the Committee may provide at the time of grant. 

(b) Option Period. For each Stock Option granted, the Committee shall specify the period during which the Stock Option may be exercised, provided that: (i) no Stock Option shall be exercisable after the expiration of ten years from the date the Stock Option was granted and (ii) in the case of a 10 Shareholder, no Stock Option shall be exercisable after the expiration of five years from the date the Stock Option was granted. 

(c) Exercise in the Event of Termination of Employment. 

(i) Death: Unless otherwise provided by the Committee at the time of grant, in the event of the death of the Participant, the Stock Option must be exercised by the Participant's estate or beneficiaries within one year following the death of the Participant and prior to its expiration. Each Stock Option may be exercised as to all or any portion thereof regardless of whether or not fully exercisable under the terms of the grant. 

(ii) Disability: Unless otherwise provided by the Committee at the time of grant, in the event of the Disability of the Participant, the Stock Option must be exercised within one year following the Participant's termination of employment or service and prior to its expiration. Each Stock Option may be exercised as to all or any portion thereof regardless of whether or not fully exercisable under the terms of the grant. 

(iii) Retirement: Unless otherwise provided by the Committee at the time of grant, in the event of the Retirement of the Participant, outstanding grants of Stock Options will continue to vest based on the original vesting schedule, provided the Participant satisfied the "Good Leaver" criteria set forth below: 

Age and years of service equal to 65 starting at age 55; 

The Participant gives 6 months advance notice of retirement; and 

The Participant signs a non-compete for one year and a non-solicitation for the time vest term. 

An unexercised Incentive Stock Option will cease to be treated as such and will become a Nonstatutory Stock Option three months following the date of Retirement. Each Stock Option may be exercised as to all or any portion thereof regardless of whether or not fully exercisable under the terms of the grant. 

(iv) Other Terminations: Unless otherwise provided by the Committee at the time of grant, in the event a Participant ceases to be an employee or Non-Employee Director of the Company for any reason other than death, Disability or Retirement, Stock Options which are exercisable on the date of termination must be exercised within three months after termination and 

8 

prior to the expiration date of any such Stock Option. All Stock Options which are not exercisable on the date of termination shall be cancelled. 

(v) Extension of Exercise Period: Notwithstanding all other provisions under Section 2.5(c), in the event a Participant's employment or service is terminated, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, extend the post-termination period during which the Stock Option may be exercised, provided however that such period may not extend beyond the original option period. 

2.6 METHOD OF EXERCISE 

The Stock Option may be exercised in whole or in part from time to time by written request received by the Secretary of the Company. The exercise price of each share acquired pursuant to a Stock Option shall be paid in full at the time of each exercise of the Stock Option either: (i) in cash, (ii) by delivering to the Company previously owned shares of Common Stock or (iii) in the discretion of the Committee, by delivering to the Secretary of the Company a notice of exercise with an irrevocable direction to a broker-dealer registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, to sell a sufficient portion of the shares and deliver the sale proceeds directly to the Company to pay the exercise price; (iv) in the discretion of the Committee, through an election to have shares of Common Stock otherwise issuable to the Participant withheld to pay the exercise price of such Stock Option or (v) in the discretion of the Committee, through any combination of the payment procedures set forth in (i) through (iv) above. However, shares of Common Stock previously acquired by the Participant under the Plan or any other incentive plan of the Company shall not be utilized for purposes of payment upon the exercise of a Stock Option unless those shares have been owned by the Participant for a six month period or such longer period as the Committee may determine. 

ARTICLE III 

STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS 

3.1 GRANT OF STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS 

The Committee may, in its discretion, grant Stock Appreciation Rights in connection with all or any part of a Stock Option granted under the Plan. Any Stock Appreciation Right granted in connection with a Stock Option shall be governed by the terms of the Stock Option agreement and the Plan. 

3.2 EXERCISE OF STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS 

Stock Appreciation Rights shall become exercisable under the Stock Option terms set forth in Section 2.5 but shall be exercisable only when the Fair Market Value of the shares subject thereto exceeds the exercise price of the related Stock Option. 

9 

3.3 METHOD OF EXERCISE 

(a) Stock Appreciation Rights shall permit the Participant, upon exercise of such rights, to surrender the related Stock Option, or any portion thereof, and to receive, without payment to the Company (except for applicable withholding taxes), an amount equal to the excess of the Fair Market Value over the exercise price. Such amount shall be paid in shares of Common Stock valued at Fair Market Value on the date of exercise or in cash, or any combination of shares and cash, as determined by the Committee in its discretion. 

(b) Upon the exercise of a Stock Appreciation Right and surrender of the related Stock Option, or portion thereof, such Stock Option, to the extent surrendered, shall be terminated and the shares covered by the Stock Option so surrendered shall no longer be available for purposes of the Plan. 

ARTICLE IV 

PERFORMANCE RESTRICTED SHARES 

4.1 GRANT OF PERFORMANCE RESTRICTED SHARES 

The Committee may from time to time grant Performance Restricted Shares to Participants under which payment may be made in shares of Common Stock if the performance of the Company meets certain goals established by the Committee. Such Performance Restricted Shares shall be subject to such performance goals and, if earned, a vesting period, as the Committee shall determine. 

4.2 PERFORMANCE RESTRICTED SHARE AGREEMENT 

Each grant of Performance Restricted Shares shall be evidenced by a written agreement between the Company and Participant to whom such Performance Restricted Shares are granted. The agreement shall specify the number of Performance Restricted Shares granted, the terms and conditions of the grant, the duration of the Performance Period, the performance goals to be achieved, and the vesting period applicable to shares of Common Stock earned. 

4.3 COMMON STOCK EQUIVALENT 

Each Performance Restricted Share shall be credited to an account to be maintained for each such Participant during the Performance Period and shall be deemed to be the equivalent of one share of Common Stock. At the conclusion of the Performance Period, Performance Restricted Shares earned, if any, shall be converted to shares of Common Stock subject to a vesting period. 

10 

4.4 PERFORMANCE GOALS 

Performance Restricted Share awards shall be conditioned upon the Company's attainment of a specified goal with respect to one or more of the following performance measures: (i) total shareholder return; (ii) return on average shareholders' equity; (iii) return on capital; (iv) earnings per share; (v) return on average assets; (vi) earnings; (vii) net income; (viii) net interest income; (ix) core earnings; (x) cash flow; (xi) operating income; (xii) Fair Market Value of Common Stock; (xiii) non-interest income growth; (xiv) loan growth; (xv) deposit growth; (xvi) shareholder value added or economic value added; (xvii) return on investment; (xviii) non-interest income to total revenue ratio; (xix) net interest margin; (xx) net charge-off ratio; (xxi) reserve coverage of non-performing loans; (xxii) market share; (xxiii) productivity ratios; (xxiv) regulatory compliance; (xxv) satisfactory internal or external audits; (xxvi) capital and expense management; (xxvii) achievement of risk management objectives; (xxviii) efficiency ratio; (xxix) the ratio of non-performing assets to total assets; and (xxx) the ratio of non-performing loans to total loans. The Committee shall determine a minimum performance level below which no Performance Restricted Shares shall be payable and a performance schedule under which the number of shares earned may be less than, equal to, or greater than the number of Performance Restricted Shares granted based upon the Company's performance. The Committee may adjust the performance goals and measurements to reflect significant unforeseen events; provided, however, that the Committee may not make any such adjustments with respect to any award of Performance Restricted Shares to an individual who is then a "covered employee" as such term is defined in Regulation 1.162-27(c)(2) promulgated under Section 162(m), if such adjustment would cause compensation pursuant to such Performance Restricted Share award to cease to be performance-based compensation under Section 162(m). 

4.5 PERFORMANCE PERIOD 

The Committee shall establish a Performance Period applicable to each grant of Performance Restricted Shares. There shall be no limitation on the number of Performance Periods established by the Committee, and more than one Performance Period may encompass the same calendar year. The Committee may shorten any Performance Period if it determines that unusual or unforeseen events so warrant. 

4.6 DIVIDEND EQUIVALENTS DURING PERFORMANCE PERIOD 

During the Performance Period, a Participant shall be entitled to receive Dividend Equivalents which shall be deemed to have been reinvested in additional Performance Restricted Shares at the same time as such underlying Common Stock cash dividend is paid. Performance Restricted Shares granted through such reinvestment shall be credited to the Participant's account and shall be payable to the Participant in the same manner and at the same time as the Performance Restricted Shares with respect to which such Dividend Equivalents were issued. 

11 

4.7 CONVERSION OF PERFORMANCE RESTRICTED SHARES 

(a) At the conclusion of the Performance Period, the Committee shall determine the number of Performance Restricted Shares, if any, which have been earned on the basis of Company performance in relation to the established performance goals. 

(b) Performance Restricted Shares earned shall be converted to shares of Common Stock and shall be represented by a stock certificate registered in the name of the Participant. Certificates evidencing such shares shall be held in custody by the Company until the restrictions thereon are no longer in effect. 

4.8 VESTING PERIOD 

At the time a Performance Restricted Share grant is made, the Committee shall establish a vesting period applicable to such shares earned, if any, which shall begin at the end of the Performance Period. After the lapse or waiver of the restrictions imposed, the Company shall deliver in the Participant's name one or more stock certificates, evidencing the shares of Common Stock earned through the end of the Performance Period. The Committee may accelerate or waive the performance goals attached to a particular grant, in whole or in part, based on service and such other factors as the Committee may determine. 

4.9 OTHER TERMS AND CONDITIONS 

Performance Restricted Shares shall be subject to the following terms and conditions: 

(a) Except as otherwise provided in Section 4.6 or in the Performance Restricted Share agreement, the Participant shall not have the rights of a shareholder of the Company during the Performance Period, including no voting or dividend rights. 

(b) During any period in which the vesting period shall continue beyond the expiration or termination of the Performance Period, Performance Restricted Shares shall have the same shareholder rights to vote and with respect to dividends as provided for Restricted Stock Awards in Section 5.5. 

4.10 TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT OR SERVICE PROVISIONS DURING A PERFORMANCE PERIOD 

(a) In the event a Participant terminates employment or service during a Performance Period by reason of death or Disability, and the Participant had completed a minimum of one year of employment or service during the Performance Period, the Participant shall be entitled to that number of shares earned (if any) determined by multiplying the full number of shares earned (if any) by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of full months of employment or service the Participant had completed in such Performance Period and the denominator of which is the total number of full months in such Performance Period. All applicable restrictions shall lapse with respect to such shares and such shares of Common Stock shall be issued to the Participant or the Participant's designated beneficiary following the Performance Period. In the event the 

12 

Participant had not completed one year of employment or service during the Performance Period, the Participant shall forfeit all rights to earn such Performance Restricted Shares. In the event a Participant terminates employment or service during a Performance Period by reason of Retirement, outstanding grants of Performance Restricted Shares will continue to vest on the original performance vesting schedule, provided the Participant satisfies the "Good Leaver" criteria set forth below: 

Age and years of service equal 65 starting at age 55; 

The Participant gives 6 months advance notice of retirement; and 

The Participant signs a non-compete for one year and a non-solicitation for the balance of the performance term. 

(b) If a Participant terminates employment or service during a Performance Period for any reason other than death, Disability or Retirement, the Participant shall forfeit all rights to earn such Performance Restricted Shares. 

(c) Notwithstanding Sections 4.10(a) and 4.10(b), in the event a Participant's employment or service is terminated during a Performance Period under special circumstances, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, continue a Participant's rights to earn any or all Performance Restricted Shares and waive in whole or in part any or all remaining restrictions. 

4.11 TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT OR SERVICE PROVISIONS FOLLOWING A PERFORMANCE PERIOD 

(a) In the event a Participant terminates employment or service following a Performance Period by reason of death, Disability or Retirement, all shares of Common Stock (formerly Performance Restricted Shares) shall immediately vest and shares of Common Stock shall be issued to the Participant or the Participant's designated beneficiary. 

(b) If a Participant terminates employment or service following a Performance Period for any reason other than death, Disability or Retirement, the Participant shall forfeit all shares of Common Stock (formerly Performance Restricted Shares) which have not yet vested. Shares of Common Stock which have vested shall be issued to the Participant. 

(c) Notwithstanding Sections 4.11(a) and 4.11(b), in the event a Participant's employment or service is terminated following a Performance Period under special circumstances, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, accelerate the remaining vesting period (if any) associated with that grant. 

13 

ARTICLE V 

RESTRICTED STOCK AWARDS, RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS 

AND STOCK AWARDS 

5.1 AWARD OF RESTRICTED STOCK, RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS AND STOCK AWARDS 

The Committee may grant Restricted Stock Awards, Restricted Stock Units and unrestricted Stock Awards to Participants subject to such terms and conditions as the Committee shall determine, provided that each Restricted Stock Award and Restricted Stock Unit shall be subject to a Restriction Period. Restricted Stock Awards, Restricted Stock Units and Stock Awards shall be used for the purposes of recruitment, recognition and retention of Key Employees and Non-Employee Directors vital to the Company's success. The Committee may, in its sole discretion, require a Participant to deliver consideration in the form of services or cash as a condition to the grant of a Restricted Stock Award, Restricted Stock Units or Stock Award. 

5.2 STOCK AWARD, RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD AND RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENTS 

Each award of Restricted Stock Award, Restricted Stock Units and Stock Award shall be evidenced by a written agreement between the Company and the Participant to whom such award is granted. The agreement shall specify the number of shares awarded, the terms and conditions of the award and, in the case of a Restricted Stock Award and award of Restricted Stock Units, the Restriction Period, and the consequences of forfeiture. 

5.3 AWARDS AND CERTIFICATES 

Shares of Common Stock awarded pursuant to a Restricted Stock Award or a Stock Award shall be registered in the name of the Participant. Certificates evidencing Restricted Stock Awards shall be held in custody by the Company until the restrictions thereon are no longer in effect. After the lapse or waiver of the restrictions imposed upon the Restricted Stock Award, the Company shall deliver in the Participant's name one or more stock certificates, free of restrictions, evidencing the shares of Common Stock subject to the Restricted Stock Award to which the restrictions have lapsed or been waived. 

5.4 RESTRICTION PERIOD 

At the time a Restricted Stock Award is made, the Committee shall establish a Restriction Period applicable to such award. The Committee may provide for the lapse of such restrictions in installments and may accelerate or waive such restrictions, in whole or in part, based on service and such other factors as the Committee may determine. Neither Restricted Stock Awards nor Restricted Stock Units may be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or otherwise encumbered or disposed of during the Restriction Period or prior to the satisfaction of other applicable restrictions. 

14 

5.5 OTHER TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF RESTRICTED STOCK AWARDS 

Shares of Common Stock subject to Restricted Stock Awards shall be subject to the following terms and conditions: 

(a) Except as otherwise provided in the Plan or in the Restricted Stock Award Agreement, the Participant shall have all the rights of a shareholder of the Company, including the right to vote the shares. 

(b) Cash dividends paid with respect to Common Stock subject to a Restricted Stock Award shall be reinvested to purchase additional shares of Common Stock that shall be subject to the same terms, conditions and restrictions that apply to the Restricted Stock Award with respect to which such dividends were issued. 

5.6 OTHER TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS 

(a) Restricted Stock Units may be settled in cash in an amount equal to the Fair Market Value of the shares of Common Stock as of a specified settlement date in the future, or in shares of Common Stock, as determined by the Committee and set forth in the award agreement. The award agreement also shall set forth whether the Restricted Stock Units shall be settled: (i) within the time period specified for "short term deferrals" under Section 409A of the Code, or (ii) otherwise within the requirements of Section 409A, in which case the award agreement shall specify upon which events the Restricted Stock Units shall be settled. 

(b) During the Restriction Period, a Participant shall be entitled to receive Dividend Equivalents which shall be deemed to have been reinvested in additional Restricted Stock Units at the same time as such underlying Common Stock cash dividend is paid. Restricted Stock Units granted through such reinvestment shall be credited to the Participant s account and shall be payable or deliverable to the Participant in the same manner and at the same time as the Restricted Stock Units with respect to which such Dividend Equivalents were issued. 

(c) Holders of Restricted Stock Units shall not have rights as shareholders of the Company, including no voting or dividend rights. 

(d) A holder of Restricted Stock Units shall have no rights other than those of a general creditor of the Company. Restricted Stock Units represent an unfunded unsecured obligation of the Company, subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable award agreements. 

5.7 TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT OR SERVICE 

(a) In the event a Participant terminates employment or service during the Restriction Period by reason of death or Disability, and the Participation had completed a minimum of one year of employment or service during the Restriction Period, restrictions shall lapse on that number of shares (if any) determined by multiplying the full number of shares subject to restriction by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of full months of employment or service the Participant had completed in such Restriction Period and the denominator of which is the total 

15 

number of full months in such Restriction Period. In the event a Participant terminates employment or service during the Restriction Period by reason of Retirement, outstanding grants of Restricted Stock Units will continue to vest during the Restriction Period in accordance with the original vesting schedule, provided the Participant satisfies the "Good Leaver" criteria set forth below: 

Age and years of service equal to 65 starting at age 55; 

The Participant gives 6 months advance notice of retirement; and 

The Participant signs a non-compete for one year and a non-solicitation for the time vest term. 

(b) If a Participant terminates employment or service for any reason other than death, Disability or Retirement, the Participant shall forfeit all shares subject to restriction. 

(c) Notwithstanding Sections 5.7(a) and 5.7(b), in the event a Participant's employment or service is terminated under special circumstances, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, waive in whole or in part, any and all remaining restrictions. 

ARTICLE VI 

TAX WITHHOLDING AND DEFERRAL OF PAYMENT 

6.1 TAX WITHHOLDING 

(a) The Company may withhold from any payment of cash or Common Stock to a Participant or other person pursuant to the Plan a cash amount or number of shares (based upon the Fair Market Value of such shares as of the date such withholding tax obligations are due) sufficient to satisfy any required withholding taxes, including the Participant's social security and Medicare taxes and federal, state and local income tax with respect to income arising from the payment of the award. The Company shall have the right to require the payment of any such taxes before delivering payment or issuing Common Stock pursuant to the award. 

(b) At the discretion of the Committee, under the terms of any grant of Stock Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Performance Restricted Shares, Restricted Stock Awards and Restricted Stock Units, a Participant may have the right to elect to satisfy, in whole or in part, any required tax withholding obligations in connection with the issuance of shares of Common Stock earned under the Plan by requesting that the Company either: 

(i) withhold shares of Common Stock otherwise issuable to the Participant, or 

(ii) by accepting delivery of shares of Common Stock previously owned by the Participant. 

In either case, the Fair Market Value of such shares of Common Stock will be determined as of the date such withholding tax obligations are due. 

16 

(c) Notwithstanding any other provision hereof to the contrary, the Committee, in its sole discretion, may at any time suspend, terminate or disallow any or all entitlements to make the tax withholding election described in subparagraph (b) to the extent previously granted or extended to any Participant. 

6.2 DEFERRAL OF PAYMENT 

At the discretion of the Committee, a Participant may be offered the right to defer delivery of all or any portion of Performance Restricted Shares or Restricted Stock Awards otherwise distributable to such Participant or the payment of cash or delivery of shares of Common Stock with respect to Restricted Stock Units. Such right shall be exercised by execution of a written agreement by the Participant: (i) with respect to Restricted Stock Awards and Restricted Stock Units, prior to the expiration of the applicable Restriction Period and (ii) with respect to Performance Restricted Shares, prior to the expiration of the applicable vesting period. Any such deferral shall be based upon rules and procedures established by the Committee, which shall take into account potential tax treatment under Section 409A of the Code. 

ARTICLE VII 

CASH INCENTIVE AWARDS 

7.1 GRANTING OF AWARDS 

The Committee, in its discretion, may grant Cash Incentive Awards to Participants. Each Cash Incentive Award shall be conditioned upon the Company's achievement of one or more Performance Goals with respect to the Performance Measure(s) beginning with the applicable Performance Period and which may be set forth in the Award Agreement evidencing such Cash Incentive Award. An award may be made in conjunction with the grant hereunder of Stock Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Performance Restricted Shares, Restricted Stock Awards, Restricted Stock Units or Stock Awards. In making a Cash Incentive Award, the Committee shall establish a performance level below which the Cash Incentive Award shall not be payable. The Committee may adjust the performance goals and measurements to reflect significant unforeseen events; provided, however, that the Committee may not make any such adjustment with respect to any award to an individual who is then a "covered employee" as such term is defined in Regulation 1.162-27(c)(2) promulgated under Section 162(m), if such adjustment would cause compensation pursuant to such award to cease to be performance-based compensation under Section 162(m). 

7.2 OTHER AWARD TERMS 

The Committee may, in its sole discretion, establish certain additional performance-based conditions that must be satisfied by the Company, a business unit or the Participant as a condition precedent to the payment of all or a portion of any Cash Incentive Awards. Such conditions precedent may include, among other things, the receipt by a Participant of a specified annual 

17 

performance rating and the achievement of specified performance goals by the Company, business unit or Participant. 

ARTICLE VIII 

CONSEQUENCES OF A CHANGE IN CONTROL 

8.1 CONSEQUENCES OF A CHANGE IN CONTROL 

For any awards outstanding as of the date of a Change in Control, either of the following provisions shall apply, depending on whether, and the extent to which, awards are assumed, converted or replaced by the resulting entity in a Change in Control, unless otherwise provided by the award agreement: 

(a) To the extent such awards are not assumed, converted or replaced by the resulting entity in the Change in Control, then upon the Change in Control such outstanding awards that may be exercised shall become fully exercisable, all restrictions with respect to such outstanding awards, other than for performance awards, shall lapse and become vested and non-forfeitable and for any outstanding performance awards the target payout opportunities available under such awards shall be deemed to have been fully earned as of the Change in Control based upon the greater of: (i) an assumed achievement of all relevant performance goals at the "target" level or (ii) the actual level of achievement of all relevant performance goals against target as of the Company's last fiscal quarter preceding the Change in Control and the award shall become vested pro rata based on the portion of the applicable performance period completed through the date of the Change in Control. 

(b) To the extent such awards are assumed, converted or replaced by the resulting entity in the Change in Control, if, within two years after the date of the Change in Control, the Participant has a Separation from Service (as defined for purposes of Section 409A of the Code) by the Company other than for "cause" (which may include a Separation from Service by the Participant for "good reason" if provided in the applicable award agreement), as such terms are defined in the award agreement, then such outstanding awards that may be exercised shall become fully exercisable, all restrictions with respect to such outstanding awards, other than for performance awards, shall lapse and become vested and non-forfeitable, and for any outstanding performance awards the target payout opportunities attainable under such awards shall be deemed to have been fully earned as of the Separation from Service based upon the greater of: (i) an assumed achievement of all relevant performance goals at the "target" level or (ii) the actual level of achievement of all relevant performance goals against target as of the Company's last fiscal quarter preceding the Change in Control and the award shall become vested pro rata based on the portion of the applicable performance period completed through the date of the Separation from Service. 

18 

ARTICLE IX 

OTHER PROVISIONS 

9.1 ADJUSTMENT IN NUMBER OF SHARES AND OPTION PRICES 

Grants of Stock Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Performance Restricted Shares, Restricted Stock Awards and Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to adjustment by the Committee as to the number and price of shares of Common Stock or other considerations subject to such grants in the event of changes in the outstanding shares by reason of stock dividends, stock splits, recapitalizations, reorganizations, mergers, consolidations, combinations, exchanges or other relevant changes in capitalization occurring after the date of grant. In the event of any such change in the outstanding shares, the aggregate number of shares available under the Plan may be appropriately adjusted by the Committee. 

9.2 NO RIGHT TO EMPLOYMENT OR SERVICE 

Nothing contained in the Plan, or in any grant pursuant to the Plan, shall confer upon any Participant any right with respect to continuance of employment by the Company or its subsidiaries or service as a Non-Employee Director, nor interfere in any way with the right of the Company or its subsidiaries to terminate the employment or change the compensation of any employee at any time. 

9.3 NONTRANSFERABILITY 

A Participant's rights under the Plan, including the right to any shares or amounts payable may not be assigned, pledged or otherwise transferred except, in the event of a Participant's death, to the Participant's designated beneficiary, or, in the absence of such a designation, by will or by the laws of descent and distribution; provided, however, that the Committee may, in its discretion, at the time of grant of a Nonstatutory Stock Option or by amendment of an option agreement for an Incentive Stock Option or a Nonstatutory Stock Option, provide that Stock Options granted to or held by a Participant may be transferred, in whole or in part, to one or more transferees and exercised by any such transferee, provided further that: (i) any such transfer must be without consideration, (ii) each transferee must be a member of such Participant's "immediate family" or a trust, family limited partnership or other estate planning vehicle established for the exclusive benefit of one or more members of the Participant's immediate family and (iii) such transfer is specifically approved by the Committee following the receipt of a written request for approval of the transfer; and provided further that any Incentive Stock Option which is amended to permit transfers during the lifetime of the Participant shall, upon the effectiveness of such amendment, be treated thereafter as a Nonstatutory Stock Option. In the event a Stock Option is transferred as contemplated in this Section, such transfer shall become effective when approved by the Committee and such Stock Option may not be subsequently transferred by the transferee other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution. Any transferred Stock Option shall continue to be governed by and subject to the terms and conditions of this Plan and the relevant option agreement and the transferee shall be entitled to the same rights as the Participant as if no transfer had taken place. As used in this Section, "immediate family" shall mean, with respect to any 

19 

person, any spouse, child, stepchild or grandchild, and shall include relationships arising from legal adoptions. 

9.4 COMPLIANCE WITH GOVERNMENT REGULATIONS 

(a) The Company shall not be required to issue or deliver shares or make payment upon any right granted under the Plan prior to complying with the requirements of any governmental authority in connection with the authorization, issuance or sale of such shares. 

(b) The Plan shall be construed and its provisions enforced and administered in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania applicable to contracts entered into and performed entirely in such State. 

9.5 RIGHTS AS A SHAREHOLDER 

Except as otherwise provided by the Plan or in the applicable award agreement, the recipient of any grant under the Plan shall have no rights as a shareholder with respect thereto unless and until certificates for shares of Common Stock are issued in the name of such recipient. 

9.6 UNFUNDED PLAN 

Unless otherwise determined by the Committee, the Plan shall be unfunded and shall not create (or be construed to create) a trust or separate funds. With respect to any payment not yet made to a Participant, nothing contained herein shall give any Participant any rights that are greater than those of a general creditor of the Company. 

9.7 OTHER COMPENSATION PLANS 

Nothing contained in this Plan shall prevent the Company from adopting other or additional compensation arrangements, subject to shareholder approval if such approval is needed. 

9.8 TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT CERTAIN FORFEITURES 

Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan (other than provisions regarding Change in Control) and except for Performance Restricted Shares, Restricted Stock Awards and Restricted Stock Units which would otherwise be free of restrictions and the receipt of which has been deferred pursuant to Section 6.2, a Participant shall have no right to exercise any Stock Option or Stock Appreciation Right or receive payment of any Performance Restricted Share, Restricted Stock Award or Restricted Stock Unit if the Participant is discharged for willful, deliberate or gross misconduct as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion. Furthermore, notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan to the contrary, in the event that a Participant receives or is entitled to cash or the delivery or vesting of shares of Common Stock pursuant to an award during the 12 month period prior to the Participant's termination of employment with the Company, then the Committee, in its sole discretion, may require the Participant to return or forfeit the cash and/or Stock received with respect to an Award (or its economic value as of: (i) the date of the exercise of Stock Options or Stock Appreciation Rights; (ii) the date immediately following the end of the 

20 

Restricted Period for Restricted Stock Awards and Restricted Stock Units or the end of the vesting period for Performance Restricted Shares; (iii) the date of grant with respect to Stock Awards in the event that the Participant: (y) is discharged for willful, deliberate or gross misconduct, as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion or (z) engages in any business or enters into any employment which the Committee in its sole discretion determines to be: (1) directly or indirectly competitive with the business of the Company or (2) substantially injurious to the Company's financial interest. A Participant may request the Committee in writing to determine whether any proposed business or employment activity would justify such a forfeiture. Such a request shall fully describe the proposed activity and the Committee's determination shall be limited to the specific activity so described. The Committee's right to require forfeiture under this Section 9.8 must be exercised within 90 days after the discovery of an occurrence triggering the Committee's right to require forfeiture but in no event later than 24 months after the Participant's termination of employment with the Company. 

9.9 BOOK ENTRY 

Notwithstanding any other provision of this Plan to the contrary, the Company may elect to satisfy any requirement under this Plan for delivery of stock certificates through the use of book entry. 

ARTICLE X 

AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION 

10.1 AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION 

The Board of Directors may modify, amend, suspend or terminate the Plan at any time in its discretion, except that, to the extent approval of the shareholders is required by applicable law, rule or regulation or shareholder approval is otherwise deemed appropriate by the Board. No modification, amendment or termination of the Plan shall adversely affect the rights of a Participant under a grant previously made to him without the consent of such Participant. 

ARTICLE XI 

EFFECTIVE DATE AND DURATION OF PLAN 

11.1 EFFECTIVE DATE AND DURATION OF PLAN 

The Plan shall become effective as of March 14, 2017, subject to its approval and adoption at the Annual Meeting of the shareholders on May 16, 2017. All rights granted under the Plan must be granted within ten years from its adoption date by the shareholders of the Company. Any rights outstanding ten years after the adoption of the Plan may be exercised within the periods prescribed under or pursuant to the Plan. 

21 

</EX-10.20>

<EX-21>
 4
 cvly-20221231xex21.htm
 EX-21

Exhibit 21

EXHIBIT 21 

SUBSIDIARIES OF CODORUS VALLEY BANCORP, INC. 

1. 

PeoplesBank, A Codorus Valley Company 100 owned 

(chartered in Pennsylvania) 

105-109 Leader Heights Road 

York, PA 17403 

2. 

SYC Realty Company, Inc. 100 owned 

(incorporated in Pennsylvania) 

1 Manchester Street, P.O. Box 67 

Glen Rock, Pennsylvania 17327 

3. 

CVB Statutory Trust I 100 owned (1) 

(formed in Delaware) 

Trustee: 

Wilmington Trust Company 

Rodney Square North 

1100 North Market Street 

Wilmington, Delaware 19890 

Attn: Corporate Trust Administration 

4. 

CVB Statutory Trust 2 100 owned (1) 

(formed in Delaware) 

Trustee: 

Wells Fargo Bank, National Association 

919 Market Street 

Suite 700 

Wilmington, Delaware 19801 

Attn: Corporate Trust Division 

(1) 

The Statutory Trusts have not been consolidated into the financial statements of the Corporation in accordance with ASC Topic 810, Consolidation . 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 5
 cvly-20221231xex23.htm
 EX-23

Exhibit 23

EXHIBIT 23 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement Nos. 333-09277, 333-61851, 333-40532, 333-68410, 333-143682, 333-143683, 333-182800, 333-182801, 333-218031 and 333-266222 on Form S-8 and in Registration Nos. 033-46171, 333-157145, 333-179179, 333-192474, 333-195484, 333-214084, and 333-240165 on Form S-3 of Codorus Valley Bancorp, Inc. of our report dated March 14, 2023, relating to the financial statements, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Crowe LLP 

Columbus, Ohio 

March 14, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-24>
 6
 cvly-20221231xex24.htm
 EX-24

Exhibit 24

EXHIBIT 24 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Craig L. Kauffman and Larry D. Pickett, and each of them, his true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities (including his capacity as a director and/or officer of Codorus Valley Bancorp, Inc.), to sign this Form 10-K and any or all amendments to this Form 10-K and to file the same, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents or any of them, or their or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

Signature 

Title 

Date 

/s/ Craig L. Kauffman 

Pre sident, Chief Executive Officer, and 

3/14/2023 

Craig L. Kauffman 

Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Chair of the Board of 

3/14/2023 

Cynthia A. Dotzel, CPA 

Directors and Lead Director 

/s/ J. Rodney Messick 

Vice-Chair of the Board of Director s 

3/14/2023 

J. Rodney Messick 

/s/ Sarah M. Brown 

Director 

3/14/2023 

Sarah M. Brown 

/s/ Brian D. Brunner 

Director 

3/14/2023 

Brian D. Brunner 

/s/ Keith Cenekofsky 

Director 

3/14/2023 

Keith Cenekofsky, CPA 

/s/ Scott V. Fainor 

Director 

3/14/2023 

Scott V. Fainor 

/s/ John W. Giambalvo , Esq. 

Director 

3/ 14 /202 3 

John W. Giambalvo, Esq. 

/s/ John E. Kiernan, Esq. 

Director 

3/14/2023 

John E. Kiernan, Esq. 

/s/ Kent K. Matsumoto, Esq. 

Director 

3/14/2023 

Kent K. Matsumoto, Esq. 

/s/ Larry D. Pickett 

Treasurer 

3/ 14/2023 

Larry D. Pickett 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-24>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 cvly-20221231xex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 311

EXHIBIT 31.1 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer 

Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I, Craig L. Kauffman , certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Codorus Valley Bancorp, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of the internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 14, 2023 

/s/ Craig L. Kauffman 

Craig L. Kauffman, 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 cvly-20221231xex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 312

EXHIBIT 31.2 

Certification of Principal Financial Officer 

Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I, Larry D. Pickett, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Codorus Valley Bancorp, Inc.; 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this rep ort based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 

The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of the internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 14, 2023 

/s/ Larry D. Pickett 

Larry D. Pickett 

Treasurer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 9
 cvly-20221231xex32.htm
 EX-32

Exhibit 32

EXHIBIT 32 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer 

Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

The certification set forth below is being submitted in connection with the Annual Report of Codorus Valley Bancorp, Inc. (the "Company") on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 20 2 2 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "Report"), for the purpose of complying with Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code. 

Craig L. Kauffman , the Principal Executive Officer, and Larry D. Pickett, the Principal Financial Officer of the Company, each certifies that, to the best of his knowledge: 

1. the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act; and 

2. the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 14, 2023 

/s/ Craig L. Kauffman 

Craig L. Kauffman , 

President 

and Chief Executive Officer 

/s/ Larry D. Pickett 

Larry D. Pickett 

Treasurer 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 cvly-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 cvly-20221231_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 cvly-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 cvly-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 cvly-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

