<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230309_10-K_edgar_data_1423869_0001423869-23-000007.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>19579001</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>370394</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2232177</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>8803839</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4095256</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3659282</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001423869-23-000007.hdr.sgml : 20230309
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230309160634
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001423869-23-000007
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		115
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230309
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230309

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PCB BANCORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001423869
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				208856755
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38621
		FILM NUMBER:		23719754

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3701 WILSHIRE BLVD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 900
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90010
		BUSINESS PHONE:		213-210-2000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3701 WILSHIRE BLVD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 900
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90010

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PACIFIC CITY FINANCIAL CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080114

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001423869-23-000007.txt : 20230309

10-K
 1
 pcb-20221231.htm
 10-K

pcb-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark one) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (IRS Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 

Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes x 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued it audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.) Yes No 
 As of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant was approximately million. For purposes of the foregoing calculation only, in addition to affiliated companies, all directors and officers of the Registrant have been deemed affiliates. 
 As of February 28, 2023, the registrant had outstanding shares of common stock. 
 Documents Incorporated by Reference: 

PCB Bancorp and Subsidiary 
 Annual Report on Form 10-K 
 December 31, 2022 
 Table of Contents 
 Page Forward-Looking Statements 
 3 
 Part I Item 1. Business 
 4 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 27 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 41 
 Item 2. Properties 
 41 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 41 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 41 
 Part II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 42 
 Item 6. Reserved 
 44 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 44 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 72 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 73 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 73 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 74 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 202 2 and 202 1 
 75 
 Consolidated Statements of Income for the Years Ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 20 20 
 76 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 77 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 78 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 79 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 81 
 Item 9. Change in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 117 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 117 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 118 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 118 
 Part III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 119 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 119 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholders Matters 
 119 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Directors Independence 
 119 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 119 
 Part IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 120 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 120 
 Signatures 
 121 

2 

Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements which reflect current views of PCB Bancorp (collectively, with its consolidated subsidiary, the Company, we, us or our with respect to, among other things, future events and our financial performance. These statements are often, but not always, made through the use of words or phrases such as may, might, should, could, predict, potential, believe, expect, continue, will, anticipate, seek, estimate, intend, plan, projection, goal, target, outlook, aim, would, and annualized or the negative version of those words or other comparable words or phrases of a future or forward-looking nature. These forward-looking statements are not historical facts, and are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about our industry, management s beliefs and certain assumptions made by management, many of which, by their nature, are inherently uncertain and beyond our control. Accordingly, we caution you that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, assumptions, estimates and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable as of the date made, actual results may prove to be materially different from the results expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. 
 A number of important factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those indicated in these forward-looking statements, including those factors identified in Risk Factors or Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations or the following: 
 business and economic conditions, particularly those affecting the financial services industry and our primary market areas and arising from recent inflationary pressures and governmental and societal responses thereto; 
 our ability to successfully manage our credit risk and the sufficiency of our allowance for loan loss; 
 factors that can impact the performance of our loan portfolio, including real estate values and liquidity in our primary market areas, the financial health of our commercial borrowers and the success of construction projects that we finance; 
 governmental monetary and fiscal policies, and changes in market interest rates; 
 the current inflationary environment and government and regulatory responses thereto; 
 the significant portion of our loan portfolio that is comprised of real estate loans; 
 our ability to attract and retain Korean-American customers; 
 our ability to identify and address cyber-security risks, fraud and systems errors; 
 our ability to effectively execute our strategic plan and manage our growth; 
 changes in our senior management team and our ability to attract, motivate and retain qualified personnel; 
 cyber-attacks, ransomware attacks, computer viruses or other malware that may breach the security of our websites or other systems to obtain unauthorized access to confidential information, destroy data, disable or degrade service, or sabotage our systems; 
 liquidity issues, including fluctuations in the fair value and liquidity of the securities we hold for sale and our ability to raise additional capital, if necessary; 
 costs and obligations associated with operating as a public company; 
 effects of competition from a wide variety of local, regional, national and other providers of financial, investment and insurance services; 
 the effects of severe weather, natural disasters, acts of war or terrorism, health epidemics or pandemics (or expectations about them) and other external events on our business; 
 the impact of any claims or legal actions to which we may be subject, including any effect on our reputation; and 
 changes in federal tax law or policy. 
 The foregoing factors should not be construed as exhaustive and should be read together with the other cautionary statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and our other documents filed with the United States U.S. Securities Exchange Commission SEC ). Because of these risks and other uncertainties, our actual future results, performance or achievement, or industry results, may be materially different from the results indicated by the forward looking statements in this report. In addition, our past results of operations are not necessarily indicative of our future results. You should not rely on any forward looking statements, which represent our beliefs, assumptions and estimates only as of the dates on which they were made, as predictions of future events. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which it is initially made, and we do not undertake any obligation to update or review any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise. 
 3 

Part I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 General 
 PCB Bancorp (collectively, with its consolidated subsidiary, the Company, we, us or our is a California corporation incorporated in 2007 as a registered bank holding company subject to the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended BHCA ), to serve as the holding company for PCB Bank (the Bank ), which was founded in 2003. The Company changed its subsidiary name from Pacific City Bank to PCB Bank on August 25, 2022. 
 The Bank is a single operating segment that operates 11 full-service branches in Los Angeles and Orange Counties, California, three full-service branches in on the East Coast (Bayside, New York; and Englewood Cliffs and Palisade Park, New Jersey), two full-service branches in Texas (Carrollton and Dallas), and seven loan production offices LPOs located in Los Angeles and Orange Counties, California; Annandale, Virginia; Atlanta, Georgia; Aurora, Colorado; Bellevue, Washington; and Carrollton, Texas. The Bank offers a broad range of loans, deposits, and other products and services predominantly to small and middle market businesses and individuals. 
 The principal executive office of the Company is located at 3701 Wilshire Boulevard, Suite 900, Los Angeles, California 90010, and its telephone number is (213) 210-2000. 
 The reports, proxy statements and other information that the Company files with the SEC, as well as news releases, are available free of charge through the Company s website at www.mypcbbank.com. This information can be found under the Investor Relations link on the website. Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed and furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act are available as soon as reasonably practicable after they have been filed or furnished to the SEC. Reference to the Company s website address is not intended to incorporate any of the information contained on the Company s website into this document. 
 Subsidiary Name Change 
 On August 25, 2022, the Company s subsidiary changed its name to PCB Bank from Pacific City Bank. In addition, the Company introduced a new logo, which was also utilized by the Bank after its name change. In accordance with the name change, the Bank updated its website, branch signage and marketing collateral. 
 Corporate Name Change 
 On July 1, 2019, the Company changed its corporate name to PCB Bancorp from Pacific City Financial Corporation in order to align the corporate name with the trading symbol of its common stock and simplify corporate communications while maintaining its core branding. 
 Initial Public Offering 
 On August 14, 2018, the Company issued and sold 2,385,000 shares of its common stock at an offering price of 20.00 in an underwritten initial public offering IPO ), for gross proceeds of 47.7 million. The underwriters were granted a 30-day option to purchase up to an additional 357,750 shares of common stock at the IPO price less the underwriting discount. Concurrently with the IPO, the Company s common stock began trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol PCB. On September 5, 2018, the Company issued an additional 123,234 shares of its common stock upon the exercise by the underwriters of a portion of their 30-day option, for additional gross proceeds of 2.5 million. Aggregate net proceeds from the IPO were 45.0 million after deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and offering expenses. 
 Business Overview 
 Lending Activities 
 The Company s core lending strategy is, through the Bank, to build and maintain a diversified loan portfolio based on the type of customers (e.g., businesses versus individuals), loan products (e.g., real estate loans, C I loans, other consumer loans), geographical locations, and different industries in which its business customers are engaged (e.g., manufacturing, wholesale and retail trade, hospitality, etc.). 
 The Company focuses its lending activities on loans that are originated from within its primary lending areas and seeks to be the premier provider of lending products and services in those market areas. The Company also strives to meet the credit needs of the communities that it serves. Lending activities originate through expansion of existing relationships as well as by marketing efforts with an emphasis on providing banking solutions tailored to meet customers needs while maintaining the underwriting standards. 
 
 4 

Legal Lending Limits 
 With certain exceptions, the Bank is permitted under the applicable laws to make unsecured loans to single borrowers (including certain related persons and entities) in aggregate amounts of up to 15 of the sum of total capital, allowance for loan losses, and certain capital notes and debentures issued by the Bank. As of December 31, 2022, the Bank s lending limit was approximately 53.1 million per borrower for unsecured loans. In addition to unsecured loans, the Bank is permitted to make collateral-secured loans in an additional amount of up to 10 (for combined total of 25 for a total of approximately 88.4 million to one borrower as of December 31, 2022. 
 For lending limit purposes, a secured loan is defined as a loan secured by collateral having a current fair value of at least 100 of the amount of the loan or extension of credit at all times and satisfying certain other requirements. The largest aggregate carrying value of loans that the Bank had outstanding to any one borrower and related entities was 55.0 million, which were performing at December 31, 2022. 
 Risk Governance 
 The Company maintains a conservative credit culture with strict underwriting standards. As the Company has grown, it has invested in and developed a credit culture that will support future growth and expansion efforts while maintaining outstanding asset quality. The Company s credit departments have robust internal controls and lending policies with conservative underwriting standards. Loans are monitored on an ongoing basis in accordance with covenants and conditions that are commensurate with each loan s size and complexity. The Company conducts comprehensively scoped internal loan reviews at least semi-annually using an independent loan review specialist to validate the appropriateness of risk ratings of loans by management. The Company s loan monitoring processes are designed to identify both the inherent and emerging risks in a timely manner so that appropriate risk ratings are assigned and, if necessary, work-out/collection activities are commenced early to minimize any potential losses. 
 Loan Underwriting and Approval . Historically, the Company believes that it has made sound, high quality loans while recognizing that lending money involves a degree of business risk. The Company has loan policies designed to assist in managing this business risk. These policies provide a general framework for loan origination, monitoring and funding activities, while recognizing that not all risks can be anticipated or eliminated. 
 The Company s Board of Directors delegates loan authority up to board-approved limits collectively to its Directors Loan Committee, which is comprised of members of the Board of Directors and executive management. The Board of Directors also delegates limited lending authority to the Bank s internal management loan committee, which is comprised of members of the Bank s senior management team and Chief Executive Officer. The objective of the approval process is to provide a disciplined, collaborative approach to larger credits while maintaining responsiveness to client needs. 
 Loan decisions are documented as to the borrower s business, purpose of the loan, evaluation of the repayment source and the associated risks, evaluation of collateral, covenants and monitoring requirements, and the risk rating rationale. The Company s strategy for approving or disapproving loans is to follow conservative loan policies and consistent underwriting practices which include: 
 maintaining close relationships among the Company s customers and their designated banker to ensure ongoing credit monitoring and loan servicing; 
 granting credit on a sound basis with full knowledge of the purpose and source of repayment for such credit ensuring that primary and secondary sources of repayment are adequate in relation to the amount of the loan; 
 developing and maintaining targeted levels of diversification for the loan portfolio as a whole and for loans within each category; and 
 ensuring that each loan is properly documented and that any insurance coverage requirements are satisfied. 
 Managing credit risk is an enterprise-wide process. The Company s strategy for credit risk management includes well-defined, centralized credit policies, uniform underwriting criteria, and ongoing risk monitoring and review processes for all credit exposures. The processes emphasize early-stage review of loans, regular credit evaluations and management reviews of loans, which supplement the ongoing and proactive credit monitoring and loan servicing provided. The Company attempts to identify potential problem loans early in an effort to seek aggressive resolution of these situations before the loans become a loss, record any necessary charge-offs promptly and maintain adequate allowance levels for probable loan losses inherent in the loan portfolio. The Bank s Chief Credit Officer provides company-wide credit oversight and periodically reviews all credit risk portfolios to ensure that the risk identification processes are functioning properly and that the Company s credit standards are followed. In addition, third-party loan reviews are performed at least on a semi-annual basis to validate the internal risk rating of loans. 
 
 5 

The Company s loan policies generally include additional underwriting guidelines for loans collateralized by real estate. These underwriting standards are designed to determine the maximum loan amount that a borrower has the capacity to repay based upon the type of collateral securing the loan and the borrower s income. Such loan policies include maximum amortization schedules and loan terms for each category of loans collateralized by liens on real estate. In addition, the loan policies provide guidelines for: personal guarantees; an environmental review; loans to employees, executive officers and directors; problem loan identification; maintenance of an adequate allowance for loan losses and other matters relating to lending practices. 
 Loan Category 
 The Company s loan portfolio consists primarily of three major categories: real estate loans, commercial and industrial loans and other consumer loans. Within these three broad categories, the loan portfolio is further segmented as follows: 
 Real estate loans consist of: 
 Commercial property - loans secured by commercial real estate CRE other than loans guaranteed by the U.S. SBA; 
 Residential property - loans secured by single family residential SFR real estate; 
 SBA property - SBA loans secured by CRE; and 
 Construction. 
 Commercial and industrial loans consist of: 
 Commercial term; 
 Commercial lines of credit; 
 SBA commercial term; and 
 SBA PPP loans. 
 Other consumer loans consist of automobile secured loans and personal loans. 
 The following table presents the composition of the Company s loans held-for-investment (presented net of deferred fees and costs) as of the dates indicated: 
 December 31, 2022 2021 in thousands) Amount Percentage to Total Amount Percentage to Total Real estate loans: 
 Commercial property 1,288,392 63.0 1,105,843 63.9 Residential property 333,726 16.3 209,485 12.1 SBA property 134,892 6.6 129,661 7.5 Construction 17,054 0.8 8,252 0.5 Commercial and industrial loans: 
 Commercial term 77,700 3.8 73,438 4.2 Commercial lines of credit 154,142 7.5 100,936 5.8 SBA commercial term 16,211 0.8 17,640 1.0 SBA PPP 1,197 0.1 65,329 3.8 Other consumer loans 
 22,749 1.1 21,621 1.2 Loans held-for-investment 
 2,046,063 100.0 1,732,205 100.0 
 The following table presents the composition of the Company s loans held-for-sale as of the dates indicated: 
 December 31, 2022 2021 in thousands) Amount Percentage to Total Amount Percentage to Total Real estate loans: 
 SBA property 16,473 72.3 33,603 90.8 Commercial and industrial loans: 
 Commercial lines of credit 
 4,000 17.5 SBA commercial term 2,338 10.2 3,423 9.2 Loans held-for-sale 22,811 100.0 37,026 100.0 
 6 

Real Estate Loans. Real estate loans consist of commercial property loans, which are secured by CRE (e.g., retail shopping centers, industrial/manufacturing properties, multifamily residential properties, office buildings, etc.), SFR real estate loans, SBA property loans, and construction loans. A majority of real estate lending activities originate from businesses and individuals within the Company s primary lending areas. 
 For commercial property loans, the maturities are generally up to seven years with payments determined on the basis of principal amortization schedules of up to 25 years with a balloon payment due at maturity. SBA property loans and residential property loans are typically fully amortized with terms up to 25 years and 30 years respectively. Terms for construction loans vary depending on the complexity and size of the project. On average, construction loans have a term of 18 months. 
 Satisfactory repayments of loans secured by CRE are often dependent on the successful operation of the underlying businesses (in the case of owner occupied) or management of the properties (in the case of non-owner occupied). Accordingly, repayment of these loans may be subject to adverse conditions in the real estate market or the economy to a greater extent than other types of loans. In underwriting loans secured by CRE, the Company seeks to minimize these risks in a variety of ways, including giving careful consideration to the property s age, condition, operating history, future operating projections, current and projected market rental rates, vacancy rates, location and physical condition. The underwriting analysis may also include credit verification, reviews of appraisals, environmental hazard reports, the borrower s liquidity and leverage, management experience of the owners or principals, economic conditions and industry trends. Also, tertiary sources of repayment in the form of personal guarantees from responsible parties are generally required on loans secured by CRE. The Company believes that its management team has extensive knowledge of the market areas where the Company operates and takes a conservative approach to CRE lending. The Company focuses on what it believes to be high quality credits with low loan-to-value LTV ratio income-producing properties with strong cash flow characteristics and strong collateral profiles. The Company requires its loan secured by CRE to be secured by what it believes to be well-managed properties with adequate margins. 
 Residential property loans are typically collateralized by primary residential properties located in the Company s market areas to enable borrowers to purchase or refinance existing homes. The Company offers adjustable-rate mortgage ARM loans with the interest rate fixed for the first five or seven years followed by rate adjustments each year with terms up to 30 years. The relative amount of ARM loans that can be originated at any time is largely determined by the demand for each in a competitive environment and the effect each has on interest rate risk. Loans collateralized by residential property generally are originated in amounts of no more than 70 of appraised value. 
 In connection with such loans, the Company retains a valid lien on the real estate, obtains a title insurance policy that insures that the property is free from encumbrances, and requires hazard insurance. Loan fees on these products, interest rates and other provisions of residential property loans are determined by the Company on the basis of its own pricing criteria and competitive market conditions. Interest rates and payments on ARM loans generally are adjusted annually based on the one-year Constant Maturity Treasury CMT ). The spreads are fixed and thus the interest rate on these loans change in parallel with any changes in the applicable selected rates. While residential property loans are normally originated with up to 30-year terms, such loans typically remain outstanding for substantially shorter periods because borrowers often prepay their loans in full upon sale of the property pledged as security or upon refinancing the original loan. In addition, all residential property loans contain due-on-sale clauses providing that the Bank may declare the unpaid amount due and payable upon the sale of the property securing the loan. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, approximately 90.8 and 85.3 , respectively, of residential property loans were ARM loans. 
 Construction loans are comprised of residential construction and commercial construction. Interest reserves are generally established on construction loans. These loans are typically prime rate-based and have maturities of less than 18 months. The policy maximum LTV for construction loans is 70 and for land development loans is 50 . 
 Commercial and Industrial Loans (Excluding SBA PPP loans). The C I loan category includes commercial term loans, commercial lines of credit, SBA commercial term loans, and SBA PPP loans. Commercial term loans are typically extended to finance business acquisitions, permanent working capital needs, and/or equipment purchases. Commercial lines of credit are generally provided to finance short-term working capital needs and warehouse lending credit facilities. Warehouse lending is a line of credit given to a loan originator, the funds from which are used to finance a mortgage that a borrower uses to purchase SFR property or refinance an existing mortgage. SBA commercial term loans are provided to small businesses under the U.S. SBA guarantee program to finance permanent working capital needs and/or equipment purchases. 
 Commercial term loans (usually five to seven years) normally provide for monthly payments of both principal and interest. Commercial lines of credit (generally payable within one year) typically provide for periodic interest payments, with principal payable at maturity. SBA commercial term loans usually have a longer maturity (seven to ten years). These C I loans are reviewed on a periodic basis with the review frequencies commensurate with the size and complexity of the loans. Most C I loans are collateralized by perfected security interests on business assets. 
 7 

In general, C I loans may involve increased credit risk and, therefore, typically yield a higher return. The increased risk in C I loans derives from the expectation that such loans generally are serviced principally from the operations of the business, and those operations may not be successful. 
 Any interruption or discontinuance of operating cash flows from the business, which may be influenced by events not under the control of the borrower such as economic events and changes in governmental regulations, could materially affect the ability of the borrower to repay the loan. In addition, the collateral securing C I loans generally includes moveable properties such as equipment and inventory, which may decline in value more rapidly than anticipated exposing us to increased credit risks. As a result of these additional complexities, variables and risks, C I loans require extensive underwriting and servicing. 
 Other Consumer Loans . Other consumer loans portfolio consists of automobile loans, unsecured lines of credit and term loans to high net worth individuals. Other consumer loans are underwritten primarily based on the individual borrower s income, current debt level, and past credit history. Auto loans have relatively lower LTV ratios on average and carry higher interest rates to offset for the inherently higher default risks associated with other consumer loans. 
 Small Business Administration Loans (Reported as either Real Estate Loans or Commercial and Industrial Loans) . In addition to PPP loans, the Bank offers SBA loans for qualifying businesses for amounts up to 5.0 million. The Bank primarily extends SBA loans known as SBA 7(a) loans and SBA 504 loans. Excluding PPP loans, SBA 7(a) loans are typically extended for working capital needs, purchase of inventory, purchases of machinery and equipment, debt refinance, business acquisitions, start-up financing or the purchase or construction of owner-occupied commercial property. 
 SBA 7(a) loans are typically term loans with maturities up to 10 years for loans not secured by real estate and up to 25 years for real estate secured loans. SBA loans are fully amortizing with monthly payments of principal and interest. SBA 7(a) loans are typically floating rate loans that are secured by business assets and/or real estate. Depending on the loan amount, each loan is typically guaranteed 75 to 85 by the SBA, with a maximum gross loan amount to any one small business borrower of 5.0 million and a maximum SBA guaranteed amount of 3.75 million. On December 27, 2020, and through September 30, 2021, the guaranty percentage provided by the SBA was temporarily increased to 90 under the Economic Aid Act. 
 The Bank is generally able to sell the guaranteed portion of the SBA 7(a) loans in the secondary market at a premium. In addition to the interest yield earned on the unguaranteed portion of the SBA 7(a) loans that are not sold, the Bank recognizes income from gains on sales and from loan servicing on the SBA 7(a) loans that are sold. 
 SBA 504 loans are typically extended for the purpose of purchasing owner-occupied CRE or long-term capital equipment. SBA 504 loans are typically extended for up to 20 years or the life of the asset being financed. SBA 504 loans are financed as a participation loan between the Bank and the SBA through a Certified Development Company CDC ). Generally, the loans are structured to give the Bank a 50 first deed of trust T/D ), the CDC a 40 second T/D, and the remaining 10 is funded by the borrower. Interest rates for the first T/D loans are subject to normal bank commercial rates and terms and the second T/D CDC loans are fixed for the life of the loans based on certain indices. 
 All of SBA loan underwriting is centralized and processed through the Company s Los Angeles headquarters SBA Loan Department. The SBA Loan Department is staffed by loan officers who provide assistance to qualified businesses. The Bank has been designated as an SBA Preferred Lender, which is the highest designation awarded by the SBA. This designation generally facilitates a more efficient marketing and approval process for SBA loans. The Bank has attained SBA Preferred Lender status nationwide. SBA loans are originated through the branch staff, lending officers, LPO managers, marketing officers, and brokers. 
 Loan Participations . When the extension of a new loan causes the aggregate exposure to a borrowing relationship to exceed or approach the Bank s legal lending limits, management on a selective basis sells/participates out a portion(s) of the loan(s) in order to remain within an acceptable range below the Bank s lending limits. As the lead lender in the participation, the Bank retains the servicing rights and the participating lender(s) are prohibited from any direct contact with the borrowers under the terms of the loan participation agreements. Loan participations are also utilized under certain circumstances to reduce and mitigate credit concentrations risks. Loan participations are generally made with local peer group banks. 
 The Company does not participate in syndicated loans (loans made by a group of lenders who share or participate in a specific loan) with a larger regional financial institution as the lead lender. 
 For additional information on loans, see Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 8 

Investment Activities 
 The Company manages its investment securities portfolio and cash to maintain adequate liquidity and to ensure the safety and preservation of invested principal, with a secondary focus on yield and returns. Specific goals for the investment portfolio are as follows: 
 provide a ready source of balance sheet liquidity, ensuring adequate availability of funds to meet fluctuations in loan demand, deposit balances and other changes in balance sheet volumes and composition; 
 serve as a tool to manage asset-quality diversification of assets; and 
 provide a vehicle to help manage interest rate risk profile pursuant to established policies and maximize overall return. 
 The investment securities portfolio is comprised primarily of SBA loan pools securities, mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations backed by U.S. government agency and U.S government sponsored enterprise GSE ), and tax-exempt municipal securities. 
 The Company s Board of Directors is responsible for the oversight of investment activities and has delegated the responsibility to the Asset Liability Committee of the Board of Directors Board ALCO ). Investment policy is reviewed and approved annually by Board ALCO and ratified by the Board of Directors. Board ALCO establishes risk limits and policy for conducting investment activities and approves investment strategies and meets quarterly to review investment reports and monitor investment activities. The Company also formed a management Asset Liability Committee Management ALCO, together with Board ALCO, ALCOs ), which is comprised of its senior management team and Chief Executive Officer, to proactively monitor investment activities. ALCOs are responsible for ensuring compliance and implementation of investment policy guidelines. Investment activities are actively monitored on an ongoing basis to identify any material changes in the securities and also evaluated for potential other-than-temporary impairment OTTI at least quarterly. 
 Limits for investment transactions are based on total transaction amount and require approval if they exceed designated thresholds. Investment transactions up to 10 million require the approval of two chief officers. Investment transactions between 10 million and 20 million require Management ALCO approval and investment transactions that exceed 20 million require Board ALCO approval. 
 For additional information, see Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Deposits Activities 
 The Company offers customers traditional retail deposit products through its branch network and the ability to access their accounts through online and mobile banking platforms. The Company offers a variety of deposit accounts with a wide range of interest rates and terms including demand, savings, money market and time deposits with the goal of attracting a wide variety of customers, including small to medium-sized businesses. Core deposits, defined as all deposits except for time deposits exceeding 250,000 and internet or brokered deposits, are the primary and most valuable low-cost funding source for the lending business, and represented 75.5 of total deposits as of December 31, 2022. 
 The Company strives to retain an attractive deposit mix from both large and small customers as well as a broad market reach. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s top 10 customers, excluding wholesale deposits, accounted for 15.1 of total deposits. The Company believes the competitive pricing and products, convenient branch locations, and quality personal customer service enable the Company to attract and retain deposits. The Company employs conventional marketing initiatives and advertising and in addition leverages its community and board relationships to generate new accounts. The Company offers deposit products to its loan customers by encouraging, depending on the circumstances and the type of relationship, them to maintain deposit accounts as a condition of granting loans. To enhance the relationships with customers and to identify and meet their particular needs, each customer is assigned a relationship officer, including SBA loan borrowers. 
 Interest rates, maturity terms, service fees and withdrawal penalties are established on a periodic basis. Deposit rates and terms are based primarily on current operating strategies, rates offered by other Korean-American focused banks, general market interest rates, liquidity requirements, and the Company s deposit growth goals. Wholesale deposits are also utilized to supplement core retail deposits for funding purposes, including brokered accounts and State California Treasurer s time deposits. As of December 31, 2022, wholesale deposits totaled 147.0 million, or 7.2 of total deposits. 
 As of December 31, 2022, total deposits totaled 2.05 billion, and the average cost of deposits was 0.62 for the year ended December 31, 2022. For additional information, see Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 9 

Borrowings Activities 
 Although deposits are the Company s primary source of funds, the Company may also borrow funds from the Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco FHLB ), Federal Reserve Bank s Discount Window Federal Reserve Discount Window ), or its correspondent banking relationships. In addition, the Company may borrow from FHLB on a longer term basis to provide funding for certain loan or investment securities strategies, as well as asset-liability management strategies. 
 FHLB functions as a reserve credit capacity for qualifying financial institutions. As a member, the Company is required to own capital stock in FHLB and may apply for advances from FHLB by utilizing qualifying loans and securities as collateral. FHLB offers a full range of borrowing programs with terms ranging from one day to 30 years, at competitive rates. A prepayment penalty is usually imposed for early repayment of these advances. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had outstanding overnight FHLB advances of 20.0 million and maintained additional borrowing capacity of 561.7 million. For additional information, see Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Other Products and Services 
 The Company offers banking products and services that are competitively priced with a focus on convenience and accessibility. A full suite of online banking solutions is available, which includes access to account balances, online transfers, online bill payment and electronic delivery of customer statements, mobile banking solutions, including remote check deposit and mobile bill pay. The Company also offers automated teller machines ATMs and banking by telephone, mail, personal appointment, debit cards, direct deposit, cashier s checks, as well as treasury management, wire transfer and automated clearing house ACH services. 
 The Company offers a full array of commercial treasury management services designed to be competitive with banks of all sizes. Treasury management services include balance reporting (including current day and previous day activity), transfers between accounts, purchase rewards, finance works, wire transfer initiation, ACH origination and stop payments. Cash management deposit products consist of remote deposit capture, courier deposit services, positive pay, zero balance accounts and sweep accounts. 
 The Company evaluates its services on an ongoing basis, and will add or remove services based upon the perceived needs and financial requirements of customers, competitive factors and its financial and other capabilities. Future services may also be significantly influenced by improvements and developments in technology and evolving state and federal laws and regulations. 
 Market Area and Competition 
 The Company is headquartered in Los Angeles, California and operates 11 full-service branches in Los Angeles and Orange Counties, California, three full-service branches in on the East Coast (Bayside, New York; and Englewood Cliffs and Palisade Park, New Jersey), two full-service branches in Texas (Carrollton and Dallas), and seven loan production offices LPOs located in Los Angeles and Orange Counties, California; Annandale, Virginia; Atlanta, Georgia; Aurora, Colorado; Bellevue, Washington; and Carrollton, Texas. 
 The Company operates in highly competitive market areas. The Company faces strong competition among the banks servicing the Korean-American community, as well as other commercial banks, savings and loan associations, securities and brokerage companies, mortgage companies, insurance companies, marketplace finance platforms, money market funds, credit unions, and other alternative investments. Competition is based on a number of factors including, among others, customer service, quality and range of products and services offered, reputation, interest rates on loans and deposits, lending limits and customer convenience. While the Company believes it is well positioned within this highly competitive industry, the industry could become even more competitive as a result of legislative, regulatory, economic, and technological changes, as well as continued consolidation within the industry. 
 
 10 

Human Capital 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had a total of 267 full-time employees and 7 part-time employees. The Company s employees are not represented by any collective bargaining group. Management considers its employee relations to be satisfactory. It is through our employees, and their ties to the local community, that we are able to dutifully support the communities we serve. Working within, and giving back to, the local community is the hallmark of a true community bank. 
 The Company has long been committed to comprehensive and competitive compensation and benefits programs as the Company recognizes that it operates in intensely competitive environments for talent. Retention of skilled and highly trained employees is critical to the Company s strategy of being a trusted resource to its communities and strengthening relationships with its clients through employees. Community banking is often considered a relationship banking model rather than a purely transactional banking model. The Company s employees are critical to the Company s ability to develop and grow relationships with its clients. Furthering the Company s philosophy to attract and retain a pool of talented and motivated employees who will continue to advance the purpose and contribute to the Company s overall success, compensation and benefits programs include: equity-based compensation plan, health/dental/vision insurances, life insurance, 401(K) plan, benefits under the Family Medical Leave Act, workers compensation, paid time off, holiday pay, training/education, leave for bereavement, wedding and jury duty. 
 The Company invests in its employees future by sponsoring and prioritizing continued education throughout its employee ranks. The Company encourages its employees to participate in educational activities, which improve or maintain their skills in their current position, as well as to enhance future opportunities at the Company. The Company's employees are notified periodically of available internal course offerings. Employees may also choose to take external extension courses for a maximum of two courses per quarter or semester. All employees are able to participate in regular educational seminars run by outside parties, including but not limited to the American Bankers Association and Bankers Compliance Group. 
 In order to develop a workforce that aligns with the Company s corporate values, it regularly sponsors local community events so that its employees can better integrate themselves in communities. The Company believes that employees well-being and personal and professional development is fostered by outreach to the communities it serves. The Company s employees desire for active community involvement enables the Company to sponsor a number of local community events and initiatives, including donating personal protective equipment such as masks and hand wipes to non-profit organizations during the COVID-19 pandemic, hosting annual PCB scholarship that provides financial assistance to local low-to-moderate income community, conducting financial literacy training to seniors in affordable housing facilities, and participating in the Volunteer Income Tax Assistance annually to assist the community in free tax preparation. 
 The Company strives to place the health and well-being of employees above all else. Never has this been more necessary than during the COVID-19 pandemic. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company took significant steps to protect the health and well-being of its employees and customers, including implementing a work-from-home policy, and providing automated thermometers and sanitization stations in branches and departments. 
 11 

Supervision and Regulation 
 General 
 Financial institutions, their holding companies and their affiliates are extensively regulated under U.S. federal and state law. As a result, the growth and earnings performance of the Company and its subsidiaries may be affected not only by management decisions and general economic conditions, but also by the requirements of federal and state statutes and by the regulations and policies of various bank regulatory agencies, including the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation CDFPI ), the Federal Reserve System Federal Reserve ), the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC ), and the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection CFPB ). Furthermore, tax laws administered by the Internal Revenue Service IRS and state taxing authorities, accounting rules developed by the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB ), securities laws administered by the SEC and state securities authorities, Bank Secrecy Act BSA and Anti-Money Laundering AML laws enforced by the U.S. Treasury, and mortgage related rules, including with respect to loan securitization and servicing by the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development HUD ), and agencies such as Federal National Mortgage Association Fannie Mae and Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation Freddie Mac ), have an impact on the Company s business. The effect of these statutes, regulations, regulatory policies and rules are significant to the financial condition and results of operations of the Company and its subsidiary, and the nature and extent of future legislative, regulatory or other changes affecting financial institutions are impossible to predict with any certainty. 
 Federal and state banking laws impose a comprehensive system of supervision, regulation and enforcement on the operations of financial institutions, their holding companies and affiliates intended primarily for the protection of the FDIC-insured deposits and depositors of banks, rather than their shareholders. These federal and state laws, and the related regulations of the bank regulatory agencies, affect, among other things, the scope of business, the kinds and amounts of investments banks may make, reserve requirements, capital levels relative to operations, the nature and amount of collateral for loans, the establishment of branches, the ability to merge, consolidate and acquire, dealings with insiders and affiliates and the payment of dividends. 
 This supervisory and regulatory framework subjects banks and bank holding companies to regular examination by their respective regulatory agencies, which results in examination reports and ratings that, while not publicly available, can affect the conduct and growth of their businesses. These examinations consider not only compliance with applicable laws and regulations, but also capital levels, asset quality and risk, management ability and performance, earnings, liquidity, and various other factors. The regulatory agencies generally have broad discretion to impose restrictions and limitations on the operations of a regulated entity where the agencies determine, among other things, that such operations are unsafe or unsound, fail to comply with applicable law or are otherwise inconsistent with laws and regulations or with the supervisory policies of these agencies. 
 The following is a summary of the material elements of the supervisory and regulatory framework applicable to the Company and its subsidiary, the Bank. It does not describe all of the statutes, regulations and regulatory policies that apply, nor does it restate all of the requirements of those that are described. The descriptions are qualified in their entirety by reference to the particular statutory and regulatory provision. 
 Financial Regulatory Reform 
 The Dodd-Frank Act implemented sweeping reform across the U.S. financial regulatory framework, including, among other changes: 
 creating a Financial Stability Oversight Council tasked with identifying and monitoring systemic risks in the financial system; 
 creating the CFPB, which is responsible for implementing, examining and enforcing compliance with federal consumer financial protection laws; 
 requiring the FDIC to make its capital requirements for insured depository institutions countercyclical, so that capital requirements increase in times of economic expansion and decrease in times of economic contraction; 
 imposing more stringent capital requirements on bank holding companies and subjecting certain activities, including inter-state mergers and acquisitions, to heightened capital conditions; 
 with respect to mortgage lending: 
 significantly expanding requirements applicable to loans secured by SFR real property; 
 imposing strict rules on mortgage servicing, and 
 requiring the originator of a securitized loan, or the sponsor of a securitization, to retain at least 5 of the credit risk of securitized exposures unless the underlying exposures are qualified residential mortgages or meet certain underwriting standards; 
 
 12 

changing the assessment base for federal deposit insurance from the amount of the insured deposits held by the depository institution to the depository institution s average total consolidated assets less tangible equity, eliminating the ceiling on the size of the FDIC s Deposit Insurance Fund DIF and increasing the floor of the size of the FDIC s DIF; 
 eliminating all remaining restrictions on interstate banking by authorizing state banks to establish de novo banking offices in any state that would permit a bank chartered in that state to open a banking office at that location; 
 repealing the federal prohibitions on the payment of interest on demand deposits, thereby permitting depository institutions to pay interest on business transaction and other accounts; and 
 in the so-called Volcker Rule, subject to numerous exceptions, prohibiting depository institutions and affiliates from certain investments in, and sponsorship of, hedge funds and private equity funds and from engaging in proprietary trading. 
 Many aspects of the Dodd-Frank Act are subject to rulemaking and will take effect over several years, making it difficult to anticipate the overall financial impact on the Company. Although the reforms primarily target systemically important financial service providers, the Dodd-Frank Act s influence has and is expected to continue to filter down in varying degrees to smaller institutions over time. The Company will continue to evaluate the effect of the Dodd-Frank Act; however, in many respects, the ultimate impact of the Dodd-Frank Act will not be fully known for years, and no current assurance may be given that the Dodd-Frank Act, or any other new legislative changes, will not have a negative impact on the results of operations and financial condition of the Company and the Bank. 
 On August 24, 2018, President Trump signed the Economic Growth Act, which repealed or modified certain provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act and eased regulations on all but the largest banks. The Economic Growth Act s highlights included improving consumer access to mortgage credit that, among other things, (i) exempt banks with less than 10 billion in assets from the ability-to-repay requirements for certain qualified residential mortgage loans; (ii) not require appraisals for certain transactions valued at less than 400,000 in rural areas; (iii) exempt banks and credit unions that originate fewer than 500 open-end and 500 closed-end mortgages from the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act s HMDA expanded data disclosures (the provision would not apply to non-banks and would not exempt institutions from HMDA reporting altogether); (iv) amend the SAFE Mortgage Licensing Act by providing registered mortgage loan originators in good standing with 120 days of transitional authority to originate loans when moving from a federal depository institution to a non-depository institution or across state lines; (v) require the CFPB to clarify how TILA-RESPA Integrated Disclosure TRID applies to mortgage assumption transactions and construction-to-permanent home loans as well as outline certain liabilities related to model disclosure use, and (vi) provide that federal banking regulators may not impose higher capital standards on High Volatility Commercial Real Estate exposures unless they are for acquisition, development or construction ADC ), and clarifies ADC status. 
 In addition, the Economic Growth Act s highlights also included regulatory relief for certain institutions, whereby among other things, it simplified capital calculations by requiring regulators to adopt a threshold for a community bank leverage ratio of between 8 to 10 , institutions under 10 billion in assets that meet such community bank leverage ratio will automatically be deemed to be well-capitalized, although regulators retain the flexibility to determine that a depository institution may not qualify for the community bank leverage ratio test based on the institution s risk profile, and exempts community banks from Section 13 of the BHCA if they have less than 10 billion in total consolidated assets; and exempts banks with less than 10 billion in assets, and total trading assets and liabilities not exceeding more than 5 of their total assets, from the Volcker Rule restrictions on trading with their own capital. The Economic Growth Act also added certain protections for consumers, including veterans and active duty military personnel, expanded credit freezes and creation of an identity theft protection database. 
 The Economic Growth Act also made changes for bank holding companies, as it raised the threshold for automatic designation as a systemically important financial institution from 50 billion to 250 billion in assets, subjects banks with 100 billion to 250 billion in total assets to periodic stress tests, exempts from stress test requirements entirely banks with under 100 billion in assets, and required the federal banking regulators to, within 180 days of passage, raise the asset threshold under the Small Bank Holding Company Policy Statement from 1 billion to 3 billion. The Economic Growth Act also added certain protections for student borrowers. 
 On June 17, 2019, the federal bank regulatory agencies jointly issued a final rule to streamline regulatory reporting requirements and committed to further review of reporting burdens for smaller institutions. The rule permits insured depository institutions with total assets of less than 5 billion that do not engage in certain complex or international activities to file the most streamlined version of the call report, the FFIEC 051 Call Report. This streamlined reporting reduces the data items required to be reported in the first and third quarters by approximately 37 and became effective July 22, 2019. This rule has decreased the reporting obligations for the Bank in its first and third quarter call reports. 
 
 13 

Other legislative and regulatory initiatives which could affect the Company, the Bank and the banking industry in general may be proposed or introduced before the U.S. Congress, the California legislature and other governmental bodies in the future. In addition, the various banking regulatory agencies often adopt new rules and regulations to implement and enforce existing legislation. It cannot be predicted whether, or in what form, any such legislation or regulations may be enacted or the extent to which the business of the Company or the Bank would be affected thereby. 
 Regulatory Capital Requirements 
 The federal banking agencies have risk-based capital adequacy guidelines intended to provide a measure of capital adequacy that reflects the degree of risk associated with a banking organization s operations, both for transactions reported on the balance sheet as assets and for transactions, such as letters of credit and recourse arrangements, that are recorded as off-balance sheet items. In 2013, the Federal Reserve, FDIC, and Office of the Comptroller of the Currency OCC issued final rules (the Basel III Capital Rules establishing a new comprehensive capital framework for U.S. banking organizations. The rules implement the Basel Committee s December 2010 framework, commonly referred to as Basel III, for strengthening international capital standards, as well as implementing certain provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act. 
 The Basel III Capital Rules became effective for the Company and the Bank on January 1, 2015 (subject to phase-in periods for some of their components). However, based on recent changes to the Federal Reserve s definition of a Small Bank Holding Company that increased the threshold to remain as such to 3 billion in assets, the Company is not currently subject to separate minimum capital measurements. At such time as the Company reaches the 3 billion asset level, it will again be subject to capital measurements independent of the Bank. 
 The Basel III Capital Rules: (i) introduce a new capital measure called Common Equity Tier 1 CET1 ), and a related regulatory capital ratio of CET1 to risk-weighted assets; (ii) specify that Tier 1 capital consists of CET1 and Additional Tier 1 capital instruments, which are instruments treated as Tier 1 instruments under the prior capital rules that meet certain revised requirements; (iii) mandate that most deductions or adjustments to regulatory capital measures be made to CET1 and not to the other components of capital; and (iv) expand the scope of the deductions from and adjustments to capital, as compared to existing regulations. Under the Basel III Capital Rules, for most banking organizations, the most common form of additional Tier 1 capital is noncumulative perpetual preferred stock and the most common form of Tier 2 capital is subordinated notes and a portion of the allowance for loan and lease losses, in each case, subject to the Basel III Capital Rules specific requirements. 
 Under the Basel III Capital Rules, the following are the initial minimum capital ratios applicable to the Bank: 
 4.0 Tier 1 leverage ratio; 
 4.5 CET1 to risk-weighted assets; 
 6.0 Tier 1 capital (that is, CET1 plus Additional Tier 1 capital) to risk-weighted assets; and 
 8.0 total capital (that is, Tier 1 capital plus Tier 2 capital) to risk-weighted assets. 
 The Basel III Capital Rules also introduced a capital conservation buffer, composed entirely of CET1, on top of these minimum risk-weighted asset ratios. The capital conservation buffer is designed to absorb losses during periods of economic stress. Banking institutions with a ratio of CET1 to risk-weighted assets above the minimum but below the capital conservation buffer will face constraints on dividends, equity repurchases and compensation based on the amount of the shortfall. The implementation of the capital conservation buffer began on January 1, 2016 at 0.625 and was phased in over a three-year period (increasing by that amount on each subsequent January 1, until it reached 2.5 on January 1, 2019). As stated above, with the changes to the definition of Small Bank Holding Companies, the Company is not currently subject to separate capital measurements. The Bank must maintain the following minimum capital ratios: 
 4.0 Tier 1 leverage ratio; 
 4.5 CET1 to risk-weighted assets, plus the capital conservation buffer, effectively resulting in a minimum ratio of CET1 to risk-weighted assets of at least 7 ; 
 6.0 Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets, plus the capital conservation buffer, effectively resulting in a minimum Tier 1 capital ratio of at least 8.5 ; and 
 8.0 total capital to risk-weighted assets, plus the capital conservation buffer, effectively resulting in a minimum total capital ratio of at least 10.5 . 
 
 14 

The Basel III Capital Rules provide for a number of deductions from and adjustments to CET1. These include, for example, the requirement that (i) mortgage servicing rights, (ii) deferred tax assets arising from temporary differences that could not be realized through net operating loss carrybacks, and (iii) significant investments in non-consolidated financial entities be deducted from CET1 to the extent that any one such category exceeds 10 of CET1 or all such items, in the aggregate, exceed 15 of CET1. Implementation of the deductions and other adjustments to CET1 began on January 1, 2015 and would be phased-in over a four-year period (beginning at 40 on January 1, 2015 and an additional 20 per year thereafter). 
 Under the Basel III Capital Rules, the effects of certain accumulated other comprehensive income or loss items are not excluded for the purposes of determining regulatory capital ratios; however, non-advanced approaches banking organizations (i.e., banking organizations with less than 250 billion in total consolidated assets or with less than 10 billion of on-balance sheet foreign exposures), including the Company and the Bank, may make a one-time permanent election to exclude these items. The Company and the Bank made this election in the first quarter of 2015 s call reports in order to avoid significant variations in the level of capital depending upon the impact of interest rate fluctuations on the fair value of its available-for-sale investment securities portfolio. 
 The Basel III Capital Rules prescribe a new standardized approach for risk weightings that expands the risk weighting categories from the previous four Basel I-derived categories (0 , 20 , 50 and 100 to a larger and more risk-sensitive number of categories, generally ranging from 0 for U.S. Government and agency securities, to 600 for certain equity exposures, depending on the nature of the assets. The new capital rules generally result in higher risk weights for a variety of asset classes, including certain CRE mortgages. Additional aspects of the Basel III Capital Rules that are relevant to the Company and the Bank include: 
 consistent with the Basel I risk-based capital rules, assigning exposures secured by single-family residential properties to either a 50 risk weight for first-lien mortgages that meet prudent underwriting standards or a 100 risk weight category for all other mortgages; 
 providing for a 20 credit conversion factor for the unused portion of a commitment with an original maturity of one year or less that is not unconditionally cancellable (set at 0 under the Basel I risk-based capital rules); 
 assigning a 150 risk weight to all exposures that are nonaccrual or 90 days or more past due (set at 100 under the Basel I risk-based capital rules), except for those secured by single-family residential properties, which will be assigned a 100 risk weight, consistent with the Basel I risk-based capital rules; 
 applying a 150 risk weight instead of a 100 risk weight for certain high volatility CRE acquisition, development and construction loans; and 
 applying a 250 risk weight to the portion of mortgage servicing rights and deferred tax assets arising from temporary differences that could not be realized through net operating loss carrybacks that are not deducted from CET1 capital (set at 100 under the Basel I risk-based capital rules). 
 In December 2017, the Basel Committee published standards that it described as the finalization of the Basel III post-crisis regulatory reforms, which standards are commonly referred to as Basel IV. Among other things, these standards revise the Basel Committee s standardized approach for credit risk (including the recalibration of the risk weights and the introduction of new capital requirements for certain unconditionally cancellable commitments, such as unused credit card lines of credit) and provides a new standardized approach for operational risk capital. Under the Basel framework, these standards generally became effective on January 1, 2022, with an aggregate output floor phasing in through January 1, 2027. Under the current U.S. capital rules, operational risk capital requirements and a capital floor apply only to advanced approaches institutions, and not to the Bank. The impact of Basel IV on us will depend on how it is implemented by the federal bank regulators. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Bank s capital ratios exceeded the minimum capital adequacy guideline percentage requirements of the federal banking agencies for well capitalized institutions under the Basel III capital rules on a fully phased-in basis. With respect to the Bank, the Basel III Capital Rules also revise the prompt corrective action PCA ), regulations pursuant to Section 38 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, as discussed below under Prompt Corrective Action. 
 
 Prompt Corrective Action 
 The Federal Deposit Insurance Act, as amended FDIA ), requires federal banking agencies to take PCA in respect of depository institutions that do not meet minimum capital requirements. The FDIA includes the following five capital tiers: well capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized, and critically undercapitalized. A depository institution s capital tier will depend upon how its capital levels compare with various relevant capital measures and certain other factors, as established by regulation. The Basel III Capital Rules, revised the PCA requirements effective January 1, 2015. Under the revised PCA provisions of the FDIA, an insured depository institution generally will be classified in the following categories based on the capital measures indicated: 
 15 

PCA category Total Risk-Based Capital Ratio Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital Ratio CET 1 Risk-Based Capital Ratio Tier 1 Leverage Ratio 
 Well capitalized 
 10.0 8.0 6.5 5.0 Adequately capitalized 
 8.0 6.0 4.5 4.0 Undercapitalized 
 
 16 

The Company 
 General 
 The Company, as the sole shareholder of the Bank, is a registered bank holding company under the BHCA. As a registered bank holding company, the Company is subject to regulation by the Federal Reserve. In accordance with Federal Reserve policy, and as now codified by the Dodd-Frank Act, the Company is legally obligated to act as a source of financial strength to the Bank and to commit resources to support the Bank in circumstances where the Company might not otherwise do so. For a discussion of the source of strength requirements, see Supervision and Regulation - The Company - Source of Strength Doctrine below. Under the BHCA, the Company is subject to periodic examination by the Federal Reserve. The Company is required to file with the Federal Reserve periodic reports of the Company s operations and such additional information regarding the Company and the Bank as the Federal Reserve may require. 
 The Company is also a bank holding company within the meaning of Section 1280 of the California Financial Code. Consequently, the Company is subject to examination by, and may be required to file reports with, the CDFPI. 
 Acquisitions, Activities and Change in Control 
 The primary purpose of a bank holding company is to control and manage banks. The BHCA generally requires the prior approval by the Federal Reserve for any merger involving a bank holding company, any bank holding company s acquisition of more than 5 of a class of voting securities of any additional bank or bank holding company or the acquisition of all or substantially all the assets of any additional bank or bank holding company. In reviewing applications seeking approval of merger and acquisition transactions, the Federal Reserve considers, among other things, the competitive effect and public benefits of the transactions, the capital position and managerial resources of the combined organization, the risks to the stability of the U.S. banking or financial system, the applicant s performance record under the Community Reinvestment Act of 1977 CRA ), the applicant s compliance with fair housing and other consumer protection laws and the effectiveness of all organizations involved in combating money laundering activities. In addition, failure to implement or maintain adequate compliance programs could cause bank regulators not to approve an acquisition where regulatory approval is required or to prohibit an acquisition even if approval is not required. 
 Subject to certain conditions (including deposit concentration limits established by the BHCA and the Dodd-Frank Act), the Federal Reserve may allow a bank holding company to acquire banks located in any state of the U.S. In approving interstate acquisitions, the Federal Reserve is required to give effect to applicable state law limitations on the aggregate amount of deposits that may be held by the acquiring bank holding company and its insured depository institution affiliates in the state in which the target bank is located (provided that those limits do not discriminate against out-of-state depository institutions or their holding companies) and state laws that require that the target bank have been in existence for a minimum period of time (not to exceed five years) before being acquired by an out-of-state bank holding company. Furthermore, in accordance with the Dodd-Frank Act, bank holding companies must be well-capitalized and well-managed in order to effect interstate mergers or acquisitions. For a discussion of the capital requirements, see Supervision and Regulation - Regulatory Capital Requirements above. 
 The BHCA generally prohibits the Company from acquiring direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 5 of the voting shares of any company that is not a bank and from engaging in any business other than that of banking, managing and controlling banks or furnishing services to banks and their subsidiaries. This general prohibition is subject to a number of exceptions. The principal exception allows bank holding companies to engage in, and to own shares of companies engaged in, certain businesses found by the Federal Reserve prior to November 11, 1999 to be so closely related to banking as to be a proper incident thereto. This authority would permit the Company to engage in a variety of banking-related businesses, including the ownership and operation of a savings association, or any entity engaged in consumer finance, equipment leasing, the operation of a computer service bureau (including software development) and mortgage banking and brokerage. The BHCA generally does not place territorial restrictions on the domestic activities of non-bank subsidiaries of bank holding companies. Additionally, bank holding companies that meet certain eligibility requirements prescribed by the BHCA and elect to operate as financial holding companies may engage in, or own shares in companies engaged in, a wider range of non-banking activities, including securities and insurance underwriting and sales, merchant banking and any other activity that the Federal Reserve, in consultation with the Secretary of the U.S. Treasury, determines by regulation or order is financial in nature or incidental to any such financial activity or that the Federal Reserve determines by order to be complementary to any such financial activity and does not pose a substantial risk to the safety or soundness of depository institutions or the financial system generally. The Company has not elected to be a financial holding company. 
 
 17 

If the Company should elect to become a financial holding company, in order to maintain the Company s status as a financial holding company, the Company and the Bank must be well-capitalized, well-managed, and have at least a satisfactory CRA rating. If the Company should elect to become a financial holding company and the Federal Reserve subsequently determines that the Company, a financial holding company, is not well-capitalized or well-managed, the Company would have a period of time during which to achieve compliance, but during the period of noncompliance, the Federal Reserve may place any limitations on the Company it believes to be appropriate. Furthermore, if the Company should elect to become a financial holding company and the Federal Reserve subsequently determines that the Bank, as a financial holding company subsidiary, has not received a satisfactory CRA rating, the Company would not be able to commence any new financial activities or acquire a company that engages in such activities. 
 Federal law also prohibits any person or company from acquiring control of an FDIC-insured depository institution or its holding company without prior notice to the appropriate federal bank regulator. Control is conclusively presumed to exist upon the acquisition of 25 or more of the outstanding voting securities of a bank or bank holding company, but may arise under certain circumstances between 5 and 24.99 ownership. 
 Under the California Financial Code, any proposed acquisition of control of the Bank by any person (including a company) must be approved by the Commissioner of the CDFPI. The California Financial Code defines control as the power, directly or indirectly, to direct the Bank s management or policies or to vote 25 or more of any class of the Bank s outstanding voting securities. Additionally, a rebuttable presumption of control arises when any person (including a company) seeks to acquire, directly or indirectly, 10 or more of any class of the Bank s outstanding voting securities. 
 Capital Requirements 
 Bank holding companies are required to maintain capital in accordance with Federal Reserve capital adequacy requirements, as affected by the Dodd-Frank Act and Basel III, and now CBLR framework. However, the Economic Growth Act mandated a change to Federal Reserve s definition of a Small Bank Holding Company, and until such time as the Company has at least 3 billion in assets, it will not be subject to separate minimum capital measurements. For a discussion of capital requirements, see Supervision and Regulation - Regulatory Capital Requirements above. 
 Source of Strength Doctrine 
 The Federal Reserve policy historically required bank holding companies to act as a source of financial and managerial strength to their subsidiary banks. The Dodd-Frank Act codified this policy as a statutory requirement. Under this requirement the Company is expected to commit resources to support the Bank, including at times when the Company may not be in a financial position to provide it. The Company must stand ready to use its available resources to provide adequate capital to the subsidiary bank during periods of financial stress or adversity. The Company must also maintain the financial flexibility and capital raising capacity to obtain additional resources for assisting the Bank. The Company s failure to meet its source of strength obligations may constitute an unsafe and unsound practice or a violation of the Federal Reserve s regulations or both. The source of strength doctrine most directly affects bank holding companies where a bank holding company s subsidiary bank fails to maintain adequate capital levels. In such a situation, the subsidiary bank will be required by the bank s federal regulator to take prompt corrective action. Any capital loans by a bank holding company to a subsidiary bank are subordinate in right of payment to deposits and to certain other indebtedness of such bank. The BHCA provides that in the event of the bank holding company s bankruptcy any commitment by a bank holding company to a federal bank regulatory agency to maintain the capital of its subsidiary bank will be assumed by the bankruptcy trustee and entitled to priority of payment. 
 Dividend Payments, Stock Redemptions and Stock Repurchases 
 The Company s ability to pay dividends to its shareholders may be affected by both general corporate law considerations and the policies of the Federal Reserve applicable to bank holding companies. As a California corporation, the Company is subject to the limitations of California law, which allows a corporation to distribute cash or property to shareholders, including a dividend or repurchase or redemption of shares, if the corporation meets either a retained earnings test or a balance sheet test. Under the retained earnings test, the Company may make a distribution from retained earnings to the extent that its retained earnings exceed the sum of (a) the amount of the distribution plus (b) the amount, if any, of dividends in arrears on shares with preferential dividend rights. The Company may also make a distribution if, immediately after the distribution, the value of its assets equals or exceeds the sum of (a) its total liabilities plus (b) the liquidation preference of any shares which have a preference upon dissolution over the rights of shareholders receiving the distribution. Indebtedness is not considered a liability if the terms of such indebtedness provide that payment of principal and interest thereon are to be made only if, and to the extent that, a distribution to shareholders could be made under the balance sheet test. A California corporation may specify in its articles of incorporation that distributions under the retained earnings test or balance sheet test can be made without regard to the preferential rights amount. 
 
 18 

The Company s articles of incorporation do not address distributions under either the retained earnings test or the balance sheet test. As a general matter, the Federal Reserve has indicated that the board of directors of a bank holding company should eliminate, defer or significantly reduce dividends to shareholders if: (i) the bank holding company s net income available to shareholders for the past four quarters, net of dividends previously paid during that period, is not sufficient to fully fund the dividends; (ii) the prospective rate of earnings retention is inconsistent with the bank holding company s capital needs and overall current and prospective financial condition; or (iii) the bank holding company will not meet, or is in danger of not meeting, its minimum regulatory capital adequacy ratios. If the Company s fails to adhere to these policies, the Federal Reserve could find that the Company is operating in an unsafe and unsound manner. In addition, under the Basel III Rule, institutions that seek to pay dividends must maintain 2.5 in CET1 attributable to the capital conservation buffer, which was phased in over a three-year period that began on January 1, 2016. See Supervision and Regulation - Regulatory Capital Requirements above. 
 Subject to exceptions for well-capitalized and well-managed holding companies, the Federal Reserve regulations also require approval of holding company purchases and redemptions of its securities if the gross consideration paid exceeds 10 of consolidated net worth for any 12-month period. In addition, the Federal Reserve policy requires that bank holding companies consult with and inform the Federal Reserve in advance of (i) redeeming or repurchasing capital instruments when experiencing financial weakness and (ii) redeeming or repurchasing common stock and perpetual preferred stock if the result will be a net reduction in the amount of such capital instruments outstanding for the quarter in which the reduction occurs. 
 The Bank 
 General 
 The Bank is a California-chartered bank but is not a member of the Federal Reserve (a non-member bank ). The deposit accounts of the Bank are insured by the FDIC s DIF to the maximum extent provided under federal law and FDIC regulations. As a California-chartered non-member bank, the Bank is subject to examination, supervision, and regulation by the CDFPI, the chartering authority for California banks, and by the FDIC. 
 Depositor Preference 
 In the event of the liquidation or other resolution of an insured depository institution, the claims of depositors of the institution, including the claims of the FDIC as subrogee of insured depositors, and certain claims for administrative expenses of the FDIC as a receiver, will have priority over other general unsecured claims against the institution. If an insured depository institution fails, insured and uninsured depositors along with the FDIC, will have priority in payment ahead of unsecured, non-deposit creditors including the parent bank holding company with respect to any extensions of credit they have made to such insured depository institution. 
 Brokered Deposit Restrictions 
 Well capitalized institutions are not subject to limitations on brokered deposits, while adequately capitalized institutions are able to accept, renew or roll over brokered deposits only with a waiver from the FDIC and subject to certain restrictions on the yield paid on such deposits. Undercapitalized institutions are generally not permitted to accept, renew, or roll over brokered deposits. As of December 31, 2022, the Bank was eligible to accept brokered deposits without a waiver from FDIC. 
 Loans to One Borrower 
 With certain limited exceptions, the maximum amount that a California bank may lend to any borrower at any one time (including the obligations to the bank of certain related entities of the borrower) may not exceed 25 (and unsecured loans may not exceed 15 of the bank s shareholders equity, allowance for loan loss, and any capital notes and debentures of the bank. 
 Tie in Arrangements 
 Federal law prohibits a bank holding company and any subsidiary banks from engaging in certain tie in arrangements in connection with the extension of credit. For example, the Bank may not extend credit, lease or sell property, or furnish any service, or fix or vary the consideration for any of the foregoing on the condition that (i) the customer must obtain or provide some additional credit, property or service from or to the Bank other than a loan, discount, deposit or trust service, (ii) the customer must obtain or provide some additional credit, property or service from or to the Company, or (iii) the customer must not obtain some other credit, property or service from competitors, except reasonable requirements to assure soundness of credit extended. 
 
 19 

Deposit Insurance 
 As an FDIC-insured institution, the Bank is required to pay deposit insurance premium assessments to the FDIC. The premiums fund the DIF. The FDIC assesses a quarterly deposit insurance premium on each insured institution based on risk characteristics of the institution and may also impose special assessments in emergency situations. Effective July 1, 2016, the FDIC changed the deposit insurance assessment system for banks, such as the Bank, with less than 10 billion in assets that have been federally insured for at least five years. Among other changes, the FDIC eliminated risk categories for such banks and now uses the financial ratios method to determine assessment rates for all such banks. Under the financial ratios method, the FDIC determines assessment rates based on a combination of financial data and supervisory ratings that estimate a bank s probability of failure within three years. The assessment rate determined by considering such information is then applied to the amount of the institution s average assets minus average tangible equity to determine the institution s insurance premium. 
 The Dodd-Frank Act required the FDIC to ensure that the DIF reserve ratio, which is the amount in the DIF as a percentage of all DIF-insured deposits, reached 1.35 by September 3, 2020. The Dodd-Frank Act also altered the minimum designated reserve ratio for the DIF, increasing the minimum from 1.15 to 1.35 , and eliminated the requirement that the FDIC pay dividends to depository institutions when the reserve ratio exceeds certain thresholds. At least semi-annually, the FDIC updates its loss and income projections for the DIF and, if needed, may increase or decrease the assessment rates, following notice and comment on proposed rulemaking if required. As a result, the Bank s FDIC deposit insurance premiums could increase. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Bank paid 597 thousand in aggregate FDIC deposit insurance premiums. The FDIC may terminate insurance of deposits of any insured institution if the FDIC finds that the insured institution has engaged in unsafe and unsound practices, is in an unsafe or unsound condition, or has violated any applicable law, regulation, rule, order or condition imposed by the FDIC or any other regulatory agency. 
 Supervisory Assessments 
 California-chartered banks are required to pay supervisory assessments to the CDFPI to fund its operations. The amount of the assessment paid by a California bank to the CDFPI is calculated on the basis of the institution s total assets in California, including consolidated subsidiaries, as reported to the CDFPI. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Bank paid supervisory assessments to the CDFPI totaling 158 thousand. 
 Capital Requirements 
 Banks are generally required to maintain capital levels in excess of other businesses. For a discussion of capital requirements, see Supervision and Regulation - Regulatory Capital Requirements above. 
 Dividend Payments 
 The primary source of funds for the Company is dividends from the Bank. Under the California Financial Code, the Bank is permitted to pay a dividend in the following circumstances: (i) without the consent of either the CDFPI or the Bank s shareholders, in an amount not exceeding the lesser of (a) the retained earnings of the Bank; or (b) the net income of the Bank for its last three fiscal years, less the amount of any distributions made during the prior period; (ii) with the prior approval of the CDFPI, in an amount not exceeding the greatest of: (a) the retained earnings of the Bank; (b) the net income of the Bank for its last fiscal year; or (c) the net income for the Bank for its current fiscal year; and (iii) with the prior approval of the CDFPI and the Bank s shareholders (i.e., the Company) in connection with a reduction of its contributed capital. 
 The payment of dividends by any financial institution is affected by the requirement to maintain adequate capital pursuant to applicable capital adequacy guidelines and regulations, and a financial institution generally is prohibited from paying any dividends if, following payment thereof, the institution would be undercapitalized. In addition, under the Basel III Rule, institutions that seek to pay dividends must maintain over 2.5 in CET1 attributable to the capital conservation buffer, which was phased in over a three-year period that ended on January 1, 2019. See Supervision and Regulation - Regulatory Capital Requirements above. As described above, the Bank exceeded its minimum capital requirements under applicable regulatory guidelines as of December 31, 2022. 
 Transactions with Affiliates 
 Transactions between depository institutions and their affiliates, including transactions between the Bank and the Company, are governed by Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act and the Federal Reserve s Regulation W promulgated thereunder. Generally, Section 23A limits the extent to which a depository institution and its subsidiaries may engage in covered transactions with any one affiliate to an amount equal to 10 of the depository institution s capital stock and surplus, and contains an aggregate limit on all such transactions with all affiliates of an amount equal to 20 of the depository institution s capital stock and surplus. Section 23A also establishes specific collateral requirements for loans or extensions of credit to, or guarantees, acceptances or letters of credit issued on behalf of, an affiliate. Section 23B requires that covered transactions and a broad list of other specified transactions be on terms substantially the same, or at least as favorable to the depository institution and its subsidiaries, as those for similar transactions with non-affiliates. 
 20 

Loans to Directors, Executive Officers and Principal Shareholders 
 The authority of the Bank to extend credit to its directors, executive officers and principal shareholders, including their immediate family members and corporations and other entities that they control, is subject to substantial restrictions and requirements under the Federal Reserve s Regulation O, as well as the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. These laws and regulations impose limits on the amount of loans the Bank may make to directors and other insiders and require, among other things, that: (i) the loans must be made on substantially the same terms, including interest rates and collateral, as prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with persons not affiliated with the Company or the Bank; (ii) the Bank follow credit underwriting procedures at least as stringent as those applicable to comparable transactions with persons who are not affiliated with the Company or the Bank; and (iii) the loans not involve a greater-than-normal risk of non-payment or include other features not favorable to the Bank. A violation of these restrictions may result in the assessment of substantial civil monetary penalties on the affected bank or any officer, director, employee, agent or other person participating in the conduct of the affairs of that bank, the imposition of a cease and desist order, and other regulatory sanctions. 
 Safety and Soundness Standards/Risk Management 
 The federal banking agencies have adopted guidelines that establish operational and managerial standards to promote the safety and soundness of federally insured depository institutions. The guidelines set forth standards for internal controls, information systems, internal audit systems, loan documentation, credit underwriting, interest rate exposure, asset growth, compensation, fees and benefits, asset quality and earnings. 
 In general, the safety and soundness guidelines prescribe the goals to be achieved in each area, and each institution is responsible for establishing its own procedures to achieve those goals. If an institution fails to comply with any of the standards set forth in the guidelines, the financial institution s primary federal regulator may require the institution to submit a plan for achieving and maintaining compliance. If a financial institution fails to submit an acceptable compliance plan, or fails in any material respect to implement a compliance plan that has been accepted by its primary federal regulator, the regulator is required to issue an order directing the institution to cure the deficiency. Until the deficiency cited in the regulator s order is cured, the regulator may restrict the financial institution s rate of growth, require the financial institution to increase its capital, restrict the rates the institution pays on deposits or require the institution to take any action the regulator deems appropriate under the circumstances. Noncompliance with the standards established by the safety and soundness guidelines may also constitute grounds for other enforcement action by the federal bank regulatory agencies, including cease and desist orders and civil money penalty assessments. 
 During the past decade, the bank regulatory agencies have increasingly emphasized the importance of sound risk management processes and strong internal controls when evaluating the activities of the financial institutions they supervise. Properly managing risks has been identified as critical to the conduct of safe and sound banking activities and has become even more important as new technologies, product innovation, and the size and speed of financial transactions have changed the nature of banking markets. The agencies have identified a spectrum of risks facing a banking institution including, but not limited to, credit, market, liquidity, operational, legal, and reputational risk. In particular, recent regulatory pronouncements have focused on operational risk, which arises from the potential that inadequate information systems, operational problems, breaches in internal controls, fraud, or unforeseen catastrophes will result in unexpected losses. New products and services, third-party risk management and cyber-security are critical sources of operational risk that financial institutions are expected to address in the current environment. The Bank is expected to have active board and senior management oversight; adequate policies, procedures, and limits; adequate risk measurement, monitoring, and management information systems; and comprehensive internal controls. 
 On November 23, 2021, the federal banking agencies issued a final rule requiring banking organizations that experience a computer-security incident to notify its primary Federal regulator of the occurrence of an event that rises to the level of a notification incident. Generally, a notification incident occurs when a banking organization has suffered a computer-security incident that has a reasonable likelihood of materially disrupting or degrading the banking organization or its operations. The rule requires an affected banking organization to notify its primary Federal regulator as soon as possible and no later than 36 hours after the banking organization has determined that a notification incident has occurred. The rule also requires bank service providers to notify each affected banking organization if that bank service provider experiences a computer-security incident that has caused, or is reasonably likely to cause, a material service disruption or degradation for four or more hours. The rule became effective on April 1, 2022, with a compliance date of May 1, 2022. 
 On January 3, 2023, the federal banking agencies issued a joint statement on crypto-asset risks to banking organizations following events which exposed vulnerabilities in the crypto-asset sector, including the risk of fraud and scams, legal uncertainties, significant volatility, and contagion risk. Although banking organizations are not prohibited from crypto-asset related activities, the agencies have expressed significant safety and soundness concerns with business models that are concentrated in crypto-asset related activities or have concentrated exposures to the crypto-asset sector. Presently, the Bank does not engage in any crypto-asset related activities. 
 21 

Branching Authority 
 California banks, such as the Bank, may, under California law, establish a banking office so long as the bank s board of directors approves the banking office and the CDFPI is notified of the establishment of the banking office. Deposit-taking banking offices must be approved by the FDIC, which considers a number of factors, including financial history, capital adequacy, earnings prospects, character of management, needs of the community and consistency with corporate power. The Dodd-Frank Act permits insured state banks to engage in de novo interstate branching if the laws of the state where the new banking office is to be established would permit the establishment of the banking office if it were chartered by such state. Finally, the Bank may also establish banking offices in other states by merging with banks or by purchasing banking offices of other banks in other states, subject to certain restrictions. 
 Community Reinvestment Act Requirements 
 The CRA is intended to encourage banks to help meet the credit needs of their entire communities, including low- and moderate-income neighborhoods, consistent with safe and sound operations. The regulators examine banks and assign each bank a public CRA rating. The CRA then requires bank regulators to take into account the bank s record in meeting the needs of its community when considering certain applications by a bank, including applications to establish a banking center or to conduct certain mergers or acquisitions. The Federal Reserve is required to consider the CRA records of a bank holding company s controlled banks when considering an application by the bank holding company to acquire a bank or to merge with another bank holding company. When the Bank apply for regulatory approval to make certain investments, the regulators will consider the CRA record of the target institution and the Bank. An unsatisfactory CRA record could substantially delay approval or result in denial of an application. The Bank received a satisfactory rating on its most recent CRA performance evaluation, dated July 6, 2021. 
 On December 12, 2019, the FDIC and the OCC announced a proposal to modernize the agencies regulations under the CRA that have not been substantively updated for nearly 25 years. On May 20, 2020, the OCC issued a CRA final rule, which was later rescinded by final rule on December 15, 2021. Subsequently, on May 5, 2022, the Federal Reserve, the FDIC and the OCC issued a joint notice of proposed rulemaking to strengthen and modernize the CRA regulatory framework. The proposal clarifies what qualifies for credit under the CRA, enabling banks and their partners to better implement reinvestment and other activities that can benefit communities. The agencies also propose additional definitions for community development activities, an evaluation framework tailored for differences in bank size and business model, and to revise data collection and reporting requirements to increase the clarity, consistency, and transparency of the evaluation process through the use of standard metrics and benchmarks. It is expected that there will be inter-agency efforts to update and finalize a rule soon. 
 Anti-Money Laundering and Office of Foreign Assets Control Regulation 
 The Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 Patriot Act ), is designed to deny terrorists and criminals the ability to obtain access to the U.S. financial system and has significant implications for depository institutions, brokers, dealers and other businesses involved in the transfer of money. The Patriot Act mandates financial services companies to have policies and procedures with respect to measures designed to address any or all of the following matters: (i) customer identification programs; (ii) money laundering; (iii) terrorist financing; (iv) identifying and reporting suspicious activities and currency transactions; (v) currency crimes; and (vi) cooperation between financial institutions and law enforcement authorities. Regulatory authorities routinely examine financial institutions for compliance with these obligations, and failure of a financial institution to maintain and implement adequate programs to combat money laundering and terrorist financing, or to comply with all of the relevant laws or regulations, could have serious legal and reputational consequences for the institution, including causing applicable bank regulatory authorities not to approve merger or acquisition transactions when regulatory approval is required or to prohibit such transactions even if approval is not required. Regulatory authorities have imposed cease and desist orders and civil money penalties against institutions found to be violating these obligations. 
 U.S. Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control OFAC ), administers and enforces economic and trade sanctions against targeted foreign countries and regimes under authority of various laws, including designated foreign countries, nationals and others. OFAC publishes lists of specially designated targets and countries. Financial Institutions are responsible for, among other things, blocking accounts of and transactions with such targets and countries, prohibiting unlicensed trade and financial transactions with them and reporting blocked transactions after their occurrence. Banking regulators examine banks for compliance with the economic sanctions regulations administered by OFAC and failure of a financial institution to maintain and implement adequate OFAC programs, or to comply with all of the relevant laws or regulations, could have serious legal and reputational consequences for the institution. 
 
 22 

Concentrations in Commercial Real Estate 
 Concentration risk exists when financial institutions deploy too many assets to any one industry or segment. Concentration stemming from CRE is one area of regulatory concern. The CRE Concentration Guidance provides supervisory criteria, including the following numerical indicators, to assist bank examiners in identifying banks with potentially significant CRE loan concentrations that may warrant greater supervisory scrutiny: (i) CRE loans exceeding 300 of capital and increasing 50 or more in the preceding three years; or (ii) construction and land development loans exceeding 100 of capital. The CRE Concentration Guidance does not limit banks levels of CRE lending activities, but rather guides institutions in developing risk management practices and levels of capital that are commensurate with the level and nature of their CRE concentrations. 
 As of December 31, 2022, using regulatory definitions in the CRE Concentration Guidance, the Bank s CRE loans represented 253.9 of total risk-based capital, as compared to 269.8 , 256.1 and 243.6 as of December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. The Bank is actively working to manage its CRE concentration and the management has discussed the CRE Concentration Guidance with the FDIC and believes that the Bank s underwriting policies, management information systems, independent credit administration process, and monitoring of real estate loan concentrations are currently sufficient to address the CRE Concentration Guidance. 
 Consumer Financial Services 
 Banks and other financial institutions are subject to numerous laws and regulations intended to protect consumers in their transactions with banks. These laws include, among others, laws regarding unfair and deceptive acts and practices and usury laws, as well as the following consumer protection statutes: Truth in Lending Act, Truth in Savings Act, Electronic Fund Transfer Act, Expedited Funds Availability Act, Equal Credit Opportunity Act, Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act, Fair Housing Act, Fair Credit Reporting Act, Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, Right to Financial Privacy Act, Servicemembers Civil Relief Act, Military Lending Act and Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act. 
 Many states and local jurisdictions have consumer protection laws analogous, and in addition, to those listed above. These federal, state and local laws regulate the manner in which financial institutions deal with customers when taking deposits, making loans or conducting other types of transactions. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations could give rise to regulatory sanctions, customer rescission rights, action by state and local attorneys general and civil or criminal liability. Failure to comply with consumer protection requirements may also result in the Bank s failure to obtain any required bank regulatory approval for merger or acquisition transactions the Bank may wish to pursue or its prohibition from engaging in such transactions even if approval is not required. 
 The structure of federal consumer protection regulation applicable to all providers of consumer financial products and services changed significantly on July 21, 2011, when the CFPB commenced operations to supervise and enforce consumer protection laws. The consumer protection provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act and the examination, supervision and enforcement of those laws and implementing regulations by the CFPB have created a more intense and complex environment for consumer finance regulation. The CFPB has significant authority to implement and enforce federal consumer protection laws and new requirements for financial services products provided for in the Dodd-Frank Act, as well as the authority to identify and prohibit unfair, deceptive or abusive acts and practices. 
 The review of products and practices to prevent such acts and practices is a continuing focus of the CFPB, and of banking regulators more broadly. The ultimate impact of this heightened scrutiny is uncertain but could result in changes to pricing, practices, products and procedures. It could also result in increased costs related to regulatory oversight, supervision and examination, additional remediation efforts and possible penalties. In addition, the Dodd-Frank Act provides the CFPB with broad supervisory, examination and enforcement authority over various consumer financial products and services, including the ability to require reimbursements and other payments to customers for alleged legal violations and to impose significant penalties, as well as injunctive relief that prohibits lenders from engaging in allegedly unlawful practices. The CFPB also has the authority to obtain cease and desist orders providing for affirmative relief or monetary penalties. The Dodd-Frank Act does not prevent states from adopting stricter consumer protection standards. State regulation of financial products and potential enforcement actions could also adversely affect the business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 The CFPB is authorized to issue rules for both bank and non-bank companies that offer consumer financial products and services, subject to consultation with the prudential banking regulators. In general, however, banks with assets of 10 billion or less, such as the Bank, will continue to be examined for consumer compliance by their primary bank regulator. 
 On June 9, 2022, the CDFPI s proposed commercial financing disclosure regulations were approved, which became effective on December 9, 2022. The regulations require commercial financing providers to disclose certain information to assist small businesses in making more informed decisions, including the amount of funding the small business will receive, the Annual Percentage Rate calculated for the transaction, the term, details related to prepayment policies and an average monthly cost. 
 23 

Mortgage and Mortgage-Related Products, Generally 
 Because abuses in connection with residential mortgages were a significant factor contributing to the financial crisis, many new rules issued by the CFPB and required by the Dodd-Frank Act address mortgage and mortgage-related products, their underwriting, origination, servicing and sales. The Dodd-Frank Act significantly expanded underwriting requirements applicable to loans secured by SFR real property and augmented federal law combating predatory lending practices. 
 In addition to numerous disclosure requirements, the Dodd-Frank Act imposed new standards for mortgage loan originations on all lenders, including banks and savings associations, in an effort to strongly encourage lenders to verify a borrower s ability to repay, while also establishing a presumption of compliance for certain qualified mortgages. The Dodd-Frank Act generally required lenders or securitizers to retain an economic interest in the credit risk relating to loans that the lender sells, and other asset-backed securities that the securitizer issues, if the loans do not comply with the ability-to-repay standards described below. The risk retention requirement generally is 5 , but could be increased or decreased by regulation. The CFPB s mortgage rules have not had a significant impact on the Bank s operations, except for higher compliance costs. 
 Ability-to-Repay Requirement and Qualified Mortgage Rule 
 On January 10, 2013, the CFPB issued a final rule implementing the Dodd-Frank Act s ability-to-repay requirements. Under the final rule, lenders, in assessing a borrower s ability to repay a mortgage-related obligation, must consider eight underwriting factors: (i) current or reasonably expected income or assets; (ii) current employment status; (iii) monthly payment on the subject transaction; (iv) monthly payment on any simultaneous loan; (v) monthly payment for all mortgage-related obligations; (vi) current debt obligations, alimony, and child support; (vii) monthly debt-to-income ratio or residual income; and (viii) credit history. The final rule also includes guidance regarding the application of, and methodology for evaluating, these factors. 
 Further, the final rule clarified that qualified mortgages do not include no-doc loans and loans with negative amortization, interest-only payments, balloon payments, terms in excess of 30 years, or points and fees paid by the borrower that exceed 3 of the loan amount, subject to certain exceptions. In addition, for qualified mortgages, the rule mandated that the monthly payment be calculated on the highest payment that will occur in the first five years of the loan, and required that the borrower s total debt-to-income ratio generally may not be more than 43 . 
 The final rule also provided that certain mortgages that satisfy the general product feature requirements for qualified mortgages and that also satisfy the underwriting requirements of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac (while they operate under federal conservatorship or receivership), HUD, the Department of Veterans Affairs, the Department of Agriculture or the Rural Housing Service are also considered to be qualified mortgages. This second category of qualified mortgages phased out and was eliminated in 2021 through an additional final rule described below. 
 As set forth in the Dodd-Frank Act, subprime (or higher-priced) mortgage loans are subject to the ability-to-repay requirement, and the final rule provided for a rebuttable presumption of lender compliance for those loans. The final rule also applied the ability-to-repay requirement to prime loans, while also providing a conclusive presumption of compliance (i.e., a safe harbor) for prime loans that are also qualified mortgages. 
 Additionally, the final rule generally prohibits prepayment penalties (subject to certain exceptions) and sets forth a 3-year record retention period with respect to documenting and demonstrating the ability-to-repay requirement and other provisions. 
 In 2021, the CFPB issued another final rule that amended the definition of a qualified mortgage by, among other things, eliminating the debt-to-income ratio requirement and replacing it with a price-based limitation for the interest rate charged such that the loan's annual percentage rate cannot exceed the average prime offer rate for a comparable transaction by 2.25 percentage points or more as of the date the interest rate is set. 
 Mortgage Loan Originator Compensation 
 As a part of the overhaul of mortgage origination practices, mortgage loan originators compensation has been limited such that they may no longer receive compensation based on a mortgage transaction s terms or conditions other than the amount of credit extended under the mortgage loan. Further, the total points and fees that a bank and/or a broker may charge on conforming and jumbo loans has been limited to 3.0 of the total loan amount. Mortgage loan originators may receive compensation from a consumer or from a lender, but not both. These rules contain requirements designed to prohibit mortgage loan originators from steering consumers to loans that provide mortgage loan originators with greater compensation. In addition, the rules contain other requirements concerning recordkeeping. 
 
 24 

Residential Mortgage Servicing 
 Pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act, the CFPB has implemented certain provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act relating to mortgage servicing through rulemaking. The servicing rules require servicers to meet certain benchmarks for loan servicing and customer service in general. Servicers must provide periodic billing statements and certain required notices and acknowledgments, promptly credit borrowers accounts for payments received and promptly investigate complaints by borrowers. Servicers also are required to take additional steps before purchasing insurance to protect the lender s interest in the property. The servicing rules call for additional notice, review and timing requirements with respect to delinquent borrowers, including early intervention, ongoing access to servicer personnel and specific loss mitigation and foreclosure procedures. The rules provide for an exemption from most of these requirements for small servicers, which are defined as loan servicers that service 5,000 or fewer mortgage loans and service only mortgage loans that they or an affiliate originated or own. 
 Incentive Compensation Guidance 
 In 2010, the federal bank regulatory agencies issued comprehensive guidance intended to ensure that the incentive compensation policies of banking organizations do not undermine the safety and soundness of those organizations by encouraging excessive risk-taking. The incentive compensation guidance sets expectations for banking organizations concerning their incentive compensation arrangements and related risk-management, control and governance processes. The incentive compensation guidance, which covers all employees that have the ability to materially affect the risk profile of an organization, either individually or as part of a group, is based upon three primary principles: (i) balanced risk-taking incentives; (ii) compatibility with effective controls and risk management; and (iii) strong corporate governance. 
 Any deficiencies in compensation practices that are identified may be incorporated into the organization s supervisory ratings, which can affect its ability to make acquisitions or take other actions. In addition, under the incentive compensation guidance, a banking organization s federal supervisor may initiate enforcement action if the organization s incentive compensation arrangements pose a risk to the safety and soundness of the organization. 
 In 2016, several federal financial agencies (including the Federal Reserve and FDIC) re-proposed restrictions on incentive-based compensation pursuant to Section 956 of the Dodd-Frank Act for financial institutions with 3 billion or more in total consolidated assets. For institutions with at least 3 billion but less than 50 billion in total consolidated assets, the proposal would impose principles-based restrictions that are broadly consistent with existing interagency guidance on incentive-based compensation. Such institutions would be prohibited from entering into incentive compensation arrangements that encourage inappropriate risks by the institution (i) by providing an executive officer, employee, director, or principal shareholder with excessive compensation, fees, or benefits, or (ii) that could lead to material financial loss to the institution. The comment period for these proposed regulations has closed, but a final rule has not been published. Depending upon the outcome of the rule making process, the application of this rule could require the Bank to revise the compensation strategy, increase the administrative costs and adversely affect the ability to recruit and retain qualified employees. 
 Further, as discussed above, the Basel III Capital Rules limit discretionary bonus payments to bank executives if the institution s regulatory capital ratios fail to exceed certain thresholds that started being phased in on January 1, 2016. See Regulatory Capital Requirements above. 
 The scope and content of the U.S. banking regulators policies on executive compensation are continuing to develop and are likely to continue evolving in the near future. 
 Enforcement Powers of Federal and State Banking Agencies 
 The federal bank regulatory agencies have broad enforcement powers, including the power to terminate deposit insurance, impose substantial fines and other civil and criminal penalties, and appoint a conservator or receiver for financial institutions. Failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could subject the Bank and its officers and directors to administrative sanctions and potentially substantial civil money penalties. The CDFPI also has broad enforcement powers over the Bank, including the power to impose orders, remove officers and directors, impose fines and appoint supervisors and conservators. 
 Financial Privacy 
 The federal bank regulatory agencies have adopted rules that limit the ability of banks and other financial institutions to disclose non-public information about consumers to non-affiliated third-parties. These limitations require disclosure of privacy policies to consumers and, in some circumstances, allow consumers to prevent disclosure of certain personal information to a non-affiliated third-party. These regulations affect how consumer information is transmitted through financial services companies and conveyed to outside vendors. In addition, consumers may also prevent disclosure of certain information among affiliated companies that is assembled or used to determine eligibility for a product or service, such as that shown on consumer credit reports and asset and income information from applications. Consumers also have the option to direct banks and other financial institutions not to share information about transactions and experiences with affiliated companies for the purpose of marketing products or services. 
 25 

Monetary Policy 
 The monetary policy of the Federal Reserve has a significant effect on the operating results of financial or bank holding companies and their subsidiaries. Among the tools available to the Federal Reserve to affect the money supply are open market transactions in U.S. government securities, changes in the discount rate on member bank borrowings and changes in reserve requirements against member bank deposits. These means are used in varying combinations to influence overall growth and distribution of bank loans, investments and deposits, and their use may affect interest rates charged on loans or paid on deposits. 
 The Volcker Rule 
 The Volcker Rule generally prohibits banking entities, such as the Bank, the Company and their affiliates and subsidiaries, from engaging in short-term proprietary trading of financial instruments and from owning, sponsoring or having certain relationships with hedge funds or private equity funds (collectively, covered funds ). The regulations implementing the Volcker Rule provide exemptions for certain activities, including market making, underwriting, hedging, trading in certain government obligations and organizing and offering a covered fund, among others. Although the Volcker Rule has significant implications for many large financial institutions, it does not currently have a material effect on the operations of the Company or the Bank. The Company and the Bank may, however, incur costs if they are required to adopt additional policies and systems to ensure compliance with certain provisions of the Volcker Rule in the future. 
 26 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. Before you decide to invest, you should carefully consider the risks described below, together with all other information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Any of the following risks, as well as risks that we do not know or currently deem immaterial, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. As a result, the trading price of our common stock could decline and you could experience a partial or complete loss of your investment. Further, to the extent that any of the information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K constitutes forward-looking statements, the risk factors below also are cautionary statements identifying important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by us or on our behalf. See Forward-Looking Statements immediately preceding Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Risks Related to our Business 
 Our business depends on our ability to successfully manage credit risk. 
 The operation of our business requires us to manage credit risk. As a lender, we are exposed to the risk that our borrowers will be unable to repay their loans according to their terms, and that the collateral securing repayment of their loans, if any, may not be sufficient to ensure repayment. In addition, there are risks inherent in making any loan, including risks with respect to the period of time over which the loan may be repaid, risks relating to proper loan underwriting, risks resulting from changes in economic and industry conditions and risks inherent in dealing with individual borrowers. 
 In order to successfully manage credit risk, we must, among other things, maintain disciplined and prudent underwriting standards and ensure that our bankers management or employees follow those standards. The weakening of these standards for any reason, such as an attempt to attract higher yielding loans, a lack of discipline or diligence by our employees in underwriting and monitoring loans, the inability of our employees to adequately adapt policies and procedures to changes in economic or any other conditions affecting borrowers and the quality of our loan portfolio, may result in loan defaults, foreclosures and additional charge-offs and may necessitate that we significantly increase our allowance for loan losses, each of which could adversely affect our net income. As a result, our inability to successfully manage credit risk could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
 An important feature of our credit risk management system is our use of an internal credit risk rating and control system through which we identify, measure, monitor and mitigate existing and emerging credit risk of our borrowers. As this process involves detailed analysis of the borrower or credit risk, taking into account both quantitative and qualitative factors, it is subject to human error. In exercising their judgment, our employees may not always be able to assign an accurate credit rating to a borrower or credit risk, which may result in our exposure to higher credit risks than indicated by our risk rating and control system. The credit risk rating and control system may not identify credit risk in our loan portfolio and we may fail to manage credit risk effectively. 
 Fluctuations in interest rates may reduce net interest income and otherwise negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Shifts in short-term interest rates may reduce net interest income, which is the principal component of our earnings. Net interest income is the difference between the amounts received by us on our interest-earning assets and the interest paid by us on our interest-bearing liabilities. When interest rates rise, the rate of interest we earn on our assets, such as loans, typically rises more quickly than the rate of interest that we pay on our interest-bearing liabilities, such as deposits, which may cause our profits to increase. However, when deposit competition is strong, the rate of increase in our deposit costs may exceed the rate of increase in the yields on our loans, placing pressure on our net interest margins. When interest rates decrease, the rate of interest we earn on our assets, such as loans, typically declines more quickly than the rate of interest that we pay on our interest-bearing liabilities, such as deposits, which may cause our profits to decrease. 
 The impact on earnings is more adverse when the slope of the yield curve flattens or inverts, that is, when short-term interest rates increase more than long-term interest rates or when long-term interest rates decrease more than short-term interest rates. Many factors impact interest rates, including governmental monetary policies, inflation, recession, changes in unemployment, the money supply and international disorder and instability in domestic and foreign financial markets. 
 Interest rate increases often result in larger payment requirements for our borrowers, which increases the potential for default. At the same time, the marketability of the underlying property may be adversely affected by any reduced demand resulting from higher interest rates. In a declining interest rate environment, there may be an increase in prepayments on loans as borrowers refinance their mortgages and other indebtedness at lower rates. For the year ended December 31, 2022, total loans were 85.1 of our average interest-earning assets. Our net interest income exhibited a positive 3.6 sensitivity to rising interest rates and a negative 4.6 sensitivity to declining interest rates in a twelve-month 100 basis point parallel shock at December 31, 2022. 
 27 

Changes in interest rates also can affect the value of loans, securities and other assets. An increase in interest rates that adversely affects the ability of borrowers to pay the principal or interest on loans may lead to an increase in nonperforming assets NPAs and a reduction of income recognized, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows. Further, when we place a loan on nonaccrual status, we reverse any accrued but unpaid interest receivable, which decreases interest income. Subsequently, we continue to have a cost to fund the loan, which is reflected as interest expense, without any interest income to offset the associated funding expense. Thus, an increase in the amount of NPAs would have an adverse impact on net interest income. 
 Rising interest rates will result in a decline in value of the fixed-rate debt securities we hold in our investment securities portfolio. The unrealized losses resulting from holding these securities would be recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and reduce total shareholders equity. Unrealized losses do not negatively impact our regulatory capital ratios; however, tangible common equity and the associated ratios would be reduced. If debt securities in an unrealized loss position are sold, such losses become realized and will reduce our regulatory capital ratios. If short-term interest rates decline, and assuming longer term interest rates fall faster, we could experience net interest margin compression as our interest-earning assets would continue to reprice downward while our interest-bearing liability rates could fail to decline in tandem. This would have a material adverse effect on our net interest income and our results of operations. 
 Liquidity risks could affect operations and jeopardize our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Liquidity is essential to our business. An inability to raise funds through deposits, borrowings, the sale of loans and/or investment securities, and from other sources could have a substantial negative effect on our liquidity. Our most important source of funds consists of our customer deposits, a significant portion of which are time deposits. Such deposit balances can decrease when customers perceive they can earn higher interest on their interest-bearing deposits elsewhere, or alternative investments, such as the stock market, provide a better risk/return tradeoff. If customers move money to other financial institutions, or out of bank deposits and into other investments, we could lose a relatively low cost source of funds, which would require us to seek wholesale funding alternatives in order to continue to grow, thereby increasing our funding costs and reducing our net interest income and net income. 
 Other primary sources of funds consist of cash from operations, investment maturities and sales and proceeds from the issuance and sale of our equity and debt securities to investors. Additional liquidity is provided by the ability to borrow from the Federal Reserve Discount Window and the FHLB. We also may borrow from third-party lenders from time to time. Our access to funding sources in amounts adequate to finance or capitalize our activities or on terms that are acceptable to us could be impaired by factors that affect us directly or the financial services industry or economy in general, such as disruptions in the financial markets or negative views and expectations about the prospects for the financial services industry. Any decline in available funding could adversely impact our ability to continue to implement our strategic plan, including originate loans, invest in securities, meet our expenses, pay dividends to our shareholders or to fulfill obligations such as repaying our borrowings or meeting deposit withdrawal demands, any of which could have a material adverse impact on our liquidity, business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We face a risk of noncompliance and enforcement action with the Bank Secrecy Act and other anti-money laundering statutes and regulations. 
 The BSA, the Patriot Act and other laws and regulations require financial institutions, among other duties, to institute and maintain an effective AML program and to file reports such as suspicious activity reports and currency transaction reports. We are required to comply with these and other AML requirements. The federal banking agencies and Financial Crimes Enforcement Network are authorized to impose significant civil money penalties for violations of those requirements and have recently engaged in coordinated enforcement efforts against banks and other financial services providers with the U.S. Department of Justice, Drug Enforcement Administration and IRS. We are also subject to increased scrutiny of compliance with the rules enforced by the OFAC. If our policies, procedures and systems are deemed deficient, we would be subject to liabilities, including fines and regulatory actions, which may include restrictions on our ability to pay dividends and the necessity to obtain regulatory approvals to proceed with certain aspects of our business plan, including our acquisition plans. 
 Failures to maintain and implement adequate programs to combat money laundering and terrorist financing could also have serious reputational consequences for us. Any of these results could reduce the Company s ability to receive any necessary regulatory approvals for acquisitions or new branch openings. This could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 
 
 28 

A decline in general business and economic conditions and any regulatory responses to such conditions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations and growth prospects. 
 Our business and operations are sensitive to general business and economic conditions in the U.S., generally, and particularly the state of California and the Los Angeles/Orange County region, as well as the greater New York City/New Jersey metropolitan area, where our branch offices are located. Unfavorable or uncertain economic and market conditions in these areas could lead to credit quality concerns related to repayment ability and collateral protection as well as reduced demand for the products and services we offer. The impact of the Biden administration s policy changes regarding international trade, tariffs, renewable energy, immigration, domestic taxation, among other actions and policies of the current administration, may have on economic and market conditions is uncertain. 
 In addition, concerns about the performance of international economies, especially in Europe and emerging markets, and economic conditions in Asia can impact the economy and financial markets here in the U.S. If the national, regional and local economies experience worsening economic conditions, including high levels of unemployment, our growth and profitability could be constrained. Weak economic conditions are characterized by, among other indicators, deflation, elevated levels of unemployment, fluctuations in debt and equity capital markets, increased delinquencies on mortgage, commercial and consumer loans, residential and CRE price declines, lower home sales and commercial activity and fluctuations in the commercial Federal Housing Administration FHA financing sector. All of these factors are generally detrimental to our business. 
 System failure or breaches of our network security could subject us to increased operating costs as well as litigation and other liabilities. 
 The computer systems and network infrastructure we use could be vulnerable to hardware and cyber-security issues. Our operations are dependent upon our ability to protect our computer equipment against damage from fire, power loss, telecommunications failure or a similar catastrophic event. We could also experience a breach by intentional or negligent conduct on the part of employees or other internal or external sources, including our third-party vendors. Any damage or failure that causes an interruption in our operations could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, our operations are dependent upon our ability to protect the computer systems and network infrastructure utilized by us, including our internet banking activities, against damage from physical break-ins, cyber-security breaches and other disruptive problems caused by the internet or other users. Such computer break-ins and other disruptions would jeopardize the security of information stored in and transmitted through our computer systems and network infrastructure, which may result in significant liability, damage our reputation and inhibit the use of our internet banking services by current and potential customers. 
 We rely heavily on communications, information systems (both internal and provided by third-parties) and the internet to conduct our business. Our business is dependent on our ability to process and monitor large numbers of daily transactions in compliance with legal, regulatory and internal standards and specifications. In addition, a significant portion of our operations relies heavily on the secure processing, storage and transmission of personal and confidential information, such as the personal information of our customers and clients. In recent periods, several governmental agencies and large corporations, including financial service organizations and retail companies, have suffered major data breaches, in some cases exposing not only their confidential and proprietary corporate information, but also sensitive financial and other personal information of their customers/clients or customers/clients and their employees or other third-parties, subjecting those agencies and corporations to potential fraudulent activity and exposing their customers/clients, customers/clients and their employees or other third-parties to identity theft and fraudulent activity in their credit card and banking accounts. Therefore, security breaches and cyber-attacks can cause significant increases in operating costs, including the costs of compensating clients and customers for any resulting losses they may incur and the costs and capital expenditures required to correct the deficiencies in and strengthen the security of data processing and storage systems. These risks may increase in the future as we continue to increase mobile payments and other internet-based product offerings and expand our internal usage of web-based products and applications. 
 Other potential attacks have attempted to obtain unauthorized access to confidential information, steal money, or manipulate or destroy data, often through the introduction of computer viruses or malware, cyber-attacks and other means. Other threats of this type may include fraudulent or unauthorized access to data processing or data storage systems used by us or by our customers, electronic identity theft, phishing, account takeover, and malware or other cyber-attacks. To date, none of these types of attacks have had a material effect on our business or operations. Such security attacks can originate from a wide variety of sources, including persons who are involved with organized crime or who may be linked to terrorist organizations or hostile foreign governments. Those same parties may also attempt to fraudulently induce employees, customers or other users of our systems to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to our data or that of our customers or clients. We are also subject to the risk that our employees may intercept and transmit unauthorized confidential or proprietary information. An interception, misuse or mishandling of personal, confidential or proprietary information being sent to or received from a customer or third-party could result in legal liabilities, remediation costs, regulatory actions and reputational harm. 
 29 

As cyber-threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities or incidents. We maintain a system of internal controls and insurance coverage to mitigate against such operational risks, including data processing system failures and errors and customer or employee fraud. If our internal controls fail to prevent or detect an occurrence, or if any resulting loss is not insured or exceeds applicable insurance limits, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Furthermore, the public perception that a cyber-attack on our systems has been successful, whether or not this perception is correct, may damage our reputation with customers and third-parties with whom we do business. 
 On August 30, 2021, the Bank identified unusual activity on its network. The Bank responded promptly to disable the activity, investigate its source and monitor the Bank s network. The Bank subsequently became aware of claims that it had been the target of a ransomware attack. On September 7, 2021, the Bank determined that an external actor had illegally accessed and/or acquired certain data on its network. The Bank has been working with third-party forensic investigators to understand the nature and scope of the incident and determine what information may have been accessed and/or acquired and who may have been impacted. The investigation revealed that this incident impacted certain files containing certain Bank customer information. Some of these files contained documents related to loan applications, such as tax returns, Form W-2 information of their employees, and payroll records. The Bank has notified all individuals identified as impacted, consistent with applicable laws. All impacted individuals were offered free Equifax Complete Premier credit monitoring and identify theft protection services. The Bank has notified law enforcement and appropriate authorities of the incident. 
 On December 16, 2021, Plaintiff Min Woo Bae, individually and on behalf of all others similarly situated, filed in the Los Angeles County Superior Court a complaint based on the incident for damages, injunctive relief, and equitable relief, styled Min Woo Bae v. Pacific City Bank , Case Number 21STCV45922 the Matter ). In the Matter, Plaintiff seeks to form a class action and alleges causes of action for: (1) negligence; (2) unjust enrichment; (3) violations of California s Consumer Privacy Act, Civil Code 1798.150(a); and (4) violations of California s unfair competition law (Cal. Bus. Prof. Code 17200, et seq.). The summons and complaint have been served on the Bank as of the date of this submission. The Bank expresses no opinion on the merits of the Matter. The Bank had timely answered, responded, and will continue to defend itself from the claims and causes of action asserted in the complaint to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. Those defenses will be based in part on the fact that the Bank has implemented security procedures, practices, and a robust information security program pursuant to guidance from the applicable financial regulators. 
 The Company continues to monitor and evaluate the data incident for its magnitude and concomitant financial, legal or reputational consequences. During the year ended December 31, 2021, expenses associated with the data incident, all of which are included in Other Expense in Consolidated Statements of Income, totaled 100 thousand, which represents the retention amount on its insurance claims. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred additional legal expenses of 220 thousand associated with the on-going legal matters related to the data incident, all of which are included in Professional Fees in Consolidated Statement of Income. The Company anticipates additional expenses will be incurred in future periods; however, the Company does have a cyber-liability insurance policy that should provide insurance coverage for this incident. 
 We have a continuing need for technological change, and we may not have the resources to effectively implement new technology or we may experience operational challenges when implementing new technology. 
 The financial services industry is undergoing rapid technological changes with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services. In addition to allowing us to better serve customers, the effective use of technology increases efficiency and enables financial institutions to reduce costs. Our future success will depend in part upon our ability to address the needs of our customers by using technology to provide products and services that will satisfy customer demands for convenience as well as to create additional efficiencies in our operations as we continue to grow and expand our market area. 
 We may experience operational challenges as we implement these new technology enhancements, or seek to implement them across all of our offices and business units, which could result in us not fully realizing the anticipated benefits from such new technology or require us to incur significant costs to remedy any such challenges in a timely manner. Many of our larger competitors have substantially greater resources to invest in technological improvements. As a result, they may be able to offer additional and/or superior products to those that we will not be able to offer, which would put us at a competitive disadvantage. Accordingly, a risk exists that we will not be able to effectively implement new technology-driven products and services or be successful in marketing such products and services to our customers. 
 
 30 

Our business depends on our ability to attract and retain Korean-American immigrants as clients. 
 A significant portion of our business is based on successfully attracting and retaining Asian-American immigrants generally, and first and second generation Korean-American immigrants specifically, as clients for our commercial loans, residential property loans, other consumer loans and deposits. We may be limited in our ability to attract Asian-American clients to the extent the U.S. adopts restrictive domestic immigration laws. 
 Adverse conditions in Asia and elsewhere could adversely affect our business. 
 Because our business focuses on Korean-American individuals and businesses as customers, we are likely to feel the effects of adverse economic and political conditions in Asia, including the effects of rising inflation or slowing growth and volatility in the real estate and stock markets in South Korea and other regions. The U.S. and global economic policies, military tensions and unfavorable global economic conditions may adversely impact the Asian economies. In addition, pandemics and other public health crises or concerns over the possibility of such crises could create economic and financial disruptions in the region, such as recent health pandemics in China, South Korea as well as other regions. A significant deterioration of economic conditions in Asia could expose us to, among other things, economic and transfer risk, and we could experience an outflow of deposits by those of our customers with connections to Asia. Transfer risk may result when an entity is unable to obtain the foreign exchange needed to meet its obligations or to provide liquidity. 
 This may adversely impact the recoverability of investments with, or loans made to, such entities. Adverse economic conditions in Asia, and in South Korea in particular, may also negatively impact asset values and the profitability and liquidity of our customers who operate in this region. 
 Severe Weather, Natural Disasters or Other Climate Change Related Matters Could Significantly Impact Our Business. 
 Our primary market is located in an earthquake-prone zone in California, which is also subject to other weather or disasters, such as severe rainstorms, wildfire or flood, as well as health epidemics or pandemics (or expectations about them). These events could interrupt our business operations unexpectedly. Climate-related physical changes and hazards could also pose credit risks for us. For example, our borrowers may have collateral properties located in coastal areas at risk to rise in sea level. The properties pledged as collateral on our loan portfolio could also be damaged by tsunamis, floods, earthquakes or wildfires and thereby the recoverability of loans could be impaired. A number of factors can affect credit losses, including the extent of damage to the collateral, the extent of damage not covered by insurance, the extent to which unemployment and other economic conditions caused by the natural disaster adversely affect the ability of borrowers to repay their loans, and the cost of collection and foreclosure to us. Lastly, there could be increased insurance premiums and deductibles, or a decrease in the availability of coverage, due to severe weather-related losses. The ultimate impact on our business of a natural disaster, whether or not caused by climate change, is difficult to predict. 
 As we expand our business outside of California markets, we will encounter risks that could adversely affect us. 
 We primarily operate in California markets with a concentration of Korean-American individuals and businesses as customers. We also currently have branch operations in New York, New Jersey and Texas, and LPO operations in various states, and would evaluate additional branch expansion opportunities in other Korean-American populated markets. In the course of this expansion, we will encounter significant risks and uncertainties that could have a material adverse effect on our operations. These risks and uncertainties include increased expenses and operational difficulties arising from, among other things, our need to hire adequate staffing, attract sufficient business in new markets, to manage operations in non-contiguous market areas, to comply with all of the various local laws and regulations, and to anticipate events or differences in markets in which we have no current experience. 
 We have a limited service area. This lack of geographic and ethnic diversification increases our risk profile. 
 Our operations are conducted through 16 branches located principally in Los Angeles and Orange Counties of Southern California and to a lesser extent in Texas and the New York/New Jersey region. As a result of these geographic concentrations, our results depend largely upon economic and business conditions in these areas. Any significant deterioration in economic and business conditions in our service areas could have a material adverse impact on the quality of our loan portfolio and the demand for our products and services, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. We have attempted to diversify some of our loan business through LPOs in five other states; however, this diversification strategy may not be effective to reduce our geographic and ethnic concentrations. 
 
 31 

Risks Related to Our Loans 
 Because a significant portion of our loan portfolio is comprised of real estate loans, negative changes in the economy affecting real estate values and liquidity could impair the value of collateral securing our real estate loans and result in loan and other losses. 
 At December 31, 2022, approximately 86.7 of our loans held-for-investment portfolio was comprised of loans with real estate as a primary or secondary component of collateral. As a result, adverse developments affecting real estate values in our market areas could increase the credit risk associated with our real estate loan portfolio. The market value of real estate can fluctuate significantly in a short period of time as a result of market conditions in the geographic area in which the real estate is located. Real estate values and real estate markets are generally affected by changes in national, regional or local economic conditions, the rate of unemployment, fluctuations in interest rates and the availability of loans to potential purchasers, changes in tax laws and other governmental statutes, regulations and policies and acts of nature, such as earthquakes and natural disasters. Adverse changes affecting real estate values and the liquidity of real estate in one or more of our markets could increase the credit risk associated with our loan portfolio, significantly impair the value of property pledged as collateral on loans and affect our ability to sell the collateral upon foreclosure without a loss or additional losses, which could result in losses that would adversely affect profitability. 
 Such declines and losses would have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and growth prospects. In addition, if hazardous or toxic substances are found on properties pledged as collateral, the value of the real estate could be impaired. If we foreclose on and take title to such properties, we may be liable for remediation costs, as well as for personal injury and property damage. Environmental laws may require us to incur substantial expenses to address unknown liabilities and may materially reduce the affected property s value or limit our ability to use or sell the affected property. 
 The recognition of gains on the sale of loans and servicing asset valuations reflect certain assumptions. 
 We expect that gains on the sale of U.S. government guaranteed loans, primarily 7(a) loans, will comprise a significant component of our revenue. The gains on such sales recognized for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 8.0 million. The determination of these gains is based on assumptions regarding the value of unguaranteed loans retained, servicing rights retained, and net premiums paid by purchasers of the guaranteed portions of U.S. government guaranteed loans. The value of retained unguaranteed loans and servicing rights are determined based on market derived factors such as prepayment rates and current market conditions. Significant errors in assumptions used to compute gains on sale of these loans or servicing asset valuations could result in material revenue misstatements, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and profitability. 
 If we breach any of the representations or warranties we make to a purchaser of our mortgage loans, we may be liable to the purchaser for certain costs and damages. 
 When we sell or securitize mortgage loans in the ordinary course of business, we are required to make certain representations and warranties to the purchaser about the mortgage loans and the manner in which they were originated. Under these agreements, we may be required to repurchase mortgage loans if we have breached any of these representations or warranties, in which case we may record a loss. In addition, if repurchase and indemnity demands increase on loans that we sell from our portfolios, our liquidity, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 The non-guaranteed portion of SBA loans that we retain on our balance sheet as well as the guaranteed portion of SBA loans that we sell could expose us to various credit and default risks. 
 We originated 141.1 million and 194.4 million, respectively, of SBA loans (total commitment basis) during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. During the same time periods, we sold 122.9 million and 126.8 million, respectively, of the guaranteed portion of our SBA loans. As of December 31, 2022, we held 169.9 million of SBA loans on our balance sheet, 141.6 million of which consisted of the non-guaranteed portion of SBA loans and 28.3 million or 16.6 consisted of the guaranteed portion of SBA loans. The non-guaranteed portion of SBA loans have a higher degree of risk of loss as compared to the guaranteed portion of such loans, and these non-guaranteed loans make up a substantial majority of our remaining SBA loans. When we sell the guaranteed portion of SBA loans in the ordinary course of business, we are required to make certain representations and warranties to the purchaser about the SBA loan and the manner in which they were originated. 
 Under these agreements, we may be required to repurchase the guaranteed portion of the SBA loan if we have breached any of these representations or warranties, in which case we may record a loss. In addition, if repurchase and indemnity demands increase on loans that we sell from our portfolios, our liquidity, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. Further, we generally retain the non-guaranteed portions of the SBA loans that we originate and sell, and to the extent the borrowers of such loans experience financial difficulties, our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely impacted. 
 
 32 

Many of our loans are to commercial borrowers, which have a higher degree of risk than other types of loans. 
 At December 31, 2022 we had 1.69 billion of commercial loans, consisting of 1.29 billion of commercial property loans, 134.9 million of SBA property loans, 17.1 million of construction loans, and 249.3 million of C I loans, including 1.2 million of SBA PPP loans, for which real estate is not the primary source of collateral. Commercial loans represented 82.6 of our total loan portfolio at December 31, 2022. Commercial loans are often larger and involve greater risks than other types of lending. Because payments on such loans are often dependent on the successful operation or development of the property or business involved, repayment of such loans is often more sensitive than other types of loans to adverse conditions in the real estate market or the general business climate and economy. 
 Our high concentration in commercial real estate could cause our regulators to restrict our ability to grow and could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 CRE lending continues to be a significant focus of federal and state bank regulators with multiple guidelines issued in an attempt by regulators to manage CRE lending risk across the banking system. These various guidelines and pronouncements were issued in response to the agencies concerns that rising CRE concentrations might expose institutions to unanticipated earnings and capital volatility in the event of adverse changes in the CRE market. For example, bank regulators have issued guidance which refer to as the CRE Concentration Guidance that identifies certain CRE concentration levels that, if exceeded, will expose an institution to additional supervisory analysis with regard to the institution s CRE concentration risk. 
 The CRE Concentration Guidance is designed to promote appropriate levels of capital and sound loan and risk management practices for institutions with a concentration of CRE loans. In general, the CRE Concentration Guidance establishes the following supervisory criteria as preliminary indications of possible CRE concentration risk: (i) the institution s total construction, land development and other land loans represent 100 or more of total risk-based capital; or (ii) total CRE loans as defined in the regulatory guidelines represent 300 or more of total risk-based capital, and the institution s CRE loan portfolio has increased by 50 or more during the prior 36-month period. Pursuant to the CRE Concentration Guidelines, loans secured by owner-occupied CRE are not included for purposes of CRE Concentration calculation. As of December 31, 2022, using regulatory definitions in the CRE Concentration Guidance, our CRE loans represented 253.9 of our total risk-based capital, as compared to 269.8 , 256.1 and 243.6 as of December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. The FDIC may become concerned about our CRE loan concentrations, and they may inhibit our organic growth by restricting our ability to execute on our strategic plan. 
 Our residential property loan product consists primarily of non-qualified residential mortgage loans which may be considered riskier and less liquid than qualified residential mortgage loans. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our residential property loan portfolio amounted to 333.7 million or 16.3 of our total loans held-for-investment portfolio. As of such date, all of our residential property loans consisted of non-qualified residential mortgage loans. Non-qualified loans are residential loans that do not comply with certain standards set by the Dodd-Frank Act and its related regulations. These non-qualified residential mortgage loans are considered to have a higher degree of risk and are less liquid than qualified mortgage loans. We offer two residential mortgage products: a lower LTV, alternative document non-qualified residential mortgage loan, and a qualified residential mortgage loan. 
 We originated non-qualified residential mortgage loans of 177.1 million and 93.2 million, respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. We originated qualified residential mortgage loans of 400 thousand and 9.7 million, respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. As of December 31, 2022, our non-qualified residential mortgage loans had a weighted average LTV of 63.5 and a weighted average Fair Isaac Corporation FICO score of 762. 
 Our non-qualified residential mortgage loans are designed to assist Asian-Americans who have recently immigrated to the U.S. or are self-employed business owners and as such are willing to provide higher down payment amounts and pay higher interest rates and fees in return for documentation requirements more accommodative for self-employed borrowers. Non-qualified residential mortgage loans are considered less liquid than qualified residential mortgage loans because such loans cannot be securitized and can only be sold directly to other financial institutions. Such non-qualified residential mortgage loans may be considered riskier than qualified mortgage loans. Despite the original intention to hold to maturity for our non-qualified residential mortgage loans at the time of origination, we may sell these loans in the secondary market if opportunity arises. However, these loans also present pricing risk as rates change, and our sale premiums cannot be guaranteed. Further, the criteria for our loans to be purchased by other investors may change from time to time, which could limit our ability to sell these loans in the secondary market. Mortgage production, including refinancing activity, historically declines in rising interest rate environments. While we have been experiencing historically low interest rates over the last five years, this low interest rate environment likely will not continue indefinitely. Consequently, when interest rates increase further, our mortgage production may not continue at current levels. 
 
 33 

Curtailment of government guaranteed loan programs could affect a segment of our business. 
 A significant segment of our business consists of originating and periodically selling the U.S. government guaranteed loans, in particular those guaranteed by the SBA. Presently, the SBA guarantees 75 to 85 of the principal amount of each qualifying SBA loan originated under the SBA s 7(a) loan program. The U.S. government may not maintain the SBA 7(a) loan program, and even if it does, such guaranteed portion may not remain at its current level. In addition, from time to time, the government agencies that guarantee these loans reach their internal limits and cease to guarantee future loans. In addition, these agencies may change their rules for qualifying loans or Congress may adopt legislation that would have the effect of discontinuing or changing the loan guarantee programs. Therefore, if these changes occur, the volume of loans to small business and industrial borrowers of the types that now qualify for government guaranteed loans could decline. Also, the profitability of the sale of the guaranteed portion of these loans could decline as a result of market displacements due to increases in interest rates, and premiums realized on the sale of the guaranteed portions could decline from current levels. 
 As the funding and sale of the guaranteed portion of SBA 7(a) loans is a major portion of our business and a significant portion of our noninterest income, any significant changes to the funding for the SBA 7(a) loan program may have an unfavorable impact on our prospects, future performance and results of operations. The gain on sale of SBA loans was 8.0 million and 12.8 million, respectively, or 55.1 and 69.3 , respectively, of the total noninterest income, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 The small- and medium-sized businesses that we lend to may have fewer resources to weather adverse business developments, which may impair a borrower s ability to repay a loan, and such impairment could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 We target our business development and marketing strategy primarily to serve the banking and financial services needs of small- to medium-sized businesses. These businesses generally have fewer financial resources in terms of capital or borrowing capacity than larger entities, frequently have smaller market shares than their competitors, may be more vulnerable to economic downturns, often need substantial additional capital to expand or compete and may experience substantial volatility in operating results, any of which may impair a borrower s ability to repay a loan. In addition, the success of a small and medium-sized business often depends on the management talents and efforts of one or two people or a small group of people, and the death, disability or resignation of one or more of these people could have a material adverse impact on the business and its ability to repay its loan. If general economic conditions negatively impact the markets in which we operate and small to medium-sized businesses are adversely affected or our borrowers are otherwise affected by adverse business developments, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 Real estate construction loans are based upon estimates of costs and values associated with the complete project. These estimates may be inaccurate, and we may be exposed to significant losses on loans for these projects. 
 Real estate construction loans, including land development loans, comprised approximately 0.8 of our total loans held-for-investment portfolio as of December 31, 2022, and such lending involves additional risks because funds are advanced upon the security of the project, which is of uncertain value prior to its completion, and costs may exceed realizable values in declining real estate markets. Because of the uncertainties inherent in estimating construction costs and the realizable market value of the completed project and the effects of governmental regulation of real property, it is relatively difficult to evaluate accurately the total funds required to complete a project and the related LTV ratio. 
 The risks inherent in construction lending may affect adversely our results of operations. Such risks include, among other things, the possibility that contractors may fail to complete, or complete on a timely basis, construction of the relevant properties; substantial cost overruns in excess of original estimates and financing; market deterioration during construction; and lack of permanent take-out financing. Loans secured by such properties also involve additional risks because they have no operating history. In these loans, loan funds are advanced upon the security of the project under construction (which is of uncertain value prior to completion of construction) and the estimated operating cash flow to be generated by the completed project. Such properties may not be sold or leased so as to generate the cash flow anticipated by the borrower. A general decline in real estate sales and prices across the U.S. or locally in the relevant real estate market, a decline in demand for residential property, economic weakness, high rates of unemployment and reduced availability of mortgage credit are some of the factors that can adversely affect the borrowers ability to repay their obligations to us and the value of our security interest in collateral, and thereby adversely affect our results of operations and financial results. 
 
 34 

Nonperforming assets take significant time to resolve and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition, and could result in further losses in the future. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our nonperforming loans NPLs held-for-investment totaled 3.4 million, or 0.16 of our loans held-for-investment portfolio. We also had NPLs held-for-sale of 4.0 million as of December 31, 2022. Our NPAs, which include NPLs held-for-investment, NPLs held-for-sale and other real estate owned OREO ), totaled 7.4 million, or 0.30 of total assets. A loan is placed on nonaccrual status if: (i) it is maintained on a cash basis because of deterioration in the financial condition of the borrower, (ii) payment in full of principal or interest is not expected, or (iii) principal or interest has been in default for a period of 90 days or more, unless the loan is both well secured and in the process of collection. In addition, we had 134 thousand in accruing loans that were 30-89 days past due as of December 31, 2022. 
 Our NPAs adversely affect our net income in various ways. We do not record interest income on nonaccrual loans or OREO, which adversely affects our net income and returns on assets and equity, increases our loan administration costs and adversely affects our efficiency ratio. When we take collateral in foreclosure and similar proceedings, we are required to mark the collateral to its then-fair market value, which may result in a loss. These NPLs and OREO also increase our risk profile and the level of capital our regulators believe is appropriate for us to maintain in light of such risks. The resolution of NPAs requires significant time commitments from management and can be detrimental to the performance of their other responsibilities. If we experience increases in NPLs and NPAs, our net interest income may be negatively impacted and our loan administration costs could increase, each of which could have an adverse effect on our net income and related ratios, such as return on assets and equity. 
 Real estate market volatility and future changes in our disposition strategies could result in net proceeds that differ significantly from our other real estate owned fair value appraisals. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had no OREO on our books. OREO typically consists of properties that we obtain through foreclosure or through an in-substance foreclosure in satisfaction of an outstanding loan. The Company initially records OREO at fair value at the time of foreclosure. Thereafter, OREO is recorded at the lower of cost or fair value based on their subsequent changes in fair value. The fair value of OREO is generally based on recent real estate appraisals adjusted for estimated selling costs. Generally, in determining fair value, an orderly disposition of the property is assumed, unless a different disposition strategy is expected. Significant judgment is required in estimating the fair value of OREO property, and the period of time within which such estimates can be considered current is significantly shortened during periods of market volatility. 
 In response to market conditions and other economic factors, we may utilize alternative sale strategies other than orderly disposition as part of our OREO disposition strategy, such as immediate liquidation sales. In this event, as a result of the significant judgments required in estimating fair value and the variables involved in different methods of disposition, the net proceeds realized from such sales transactions could differ significantly from the appraisals, comparable sales and other estimates used to determine the fair value of our OREO properties. 
 We could be exposed to risk of environmental liabilities with respect to properties to which we take title. 
 In the course of our business, we may foreclose and take title to real estate, and could be subject to environmental liabilities with respect to these properties. We may be held liable to a governmental entity or to third-parties for property damage, personal injury, investigation and clean-up costs incurred by these parties in connection with environmental contamination, or may be required to investigate or clean up hazardous or toxic substances, or chemical releases at a property. The costs associated with investigation or remediation activities could be substantial. In addition, if we are the owner or former owner of a contaminated site, we may be subject to common law claims by third-parties based on damages and costs resulting from environmental contamination emanating from the property. If we become subject to significant environmental liabilities, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be materially and adversely affected. 
 Risks Related to Our Deposits 
 Competition among U.S. banks for customer deposits is intense and may increase the cost of retaining current deposits or procuring new deposits. 
 Any changes we make to the rates offered on our deposit products to remain competitive with other financial institutions may adversely affect our profitability and liquidity. Interest-bearing deposit accounts earn interest at rates established by management based on competitive market factors. Our cost of deposits increased from 0.23 for the year ended December 31, 2021, to 0.62 for the year ended December 31, 2022. We anticipate further pressure to increase the rate we pay on deposits in 2023, which will negatively impact our profitability and net interest margin. The demand for the deposit products we offer may also be reduced due to a variety of factors, such as demographic patterns, changes in customer preferences, reductions in consumers disposable income, regulatory actions that decrease customer access to particular products, or the availability of competing products. 
 
 35 

A large percentage of our deposits is attributable to a relatively small number of customers, which could adversely affect our liquidity, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our ten largest depositor relationships, excluding wholesale deposits, accounted for approximately 15.1 of our deposits at December 31, 2022. Our largest depositor relationship accounted for approximately 3.6 of our deposits at December 31, 2022. The Bank maintained brokered deposits of 87.0 million and 85.0 million, respectively, and deposits from California State Treasurer of 60.0 million and 100.0 million, respectively, at December 31, 2022 and 2021. Federal banking law and regulation place restrictions on depository institutions regarding brokered deposits. Due to the short-term nature of the deposit balances maintained by our large depositors, the deposit balances they maintain with us may fluctuate. The loss of one or more of our ten largest customers, or a significant decline in the deposit balances due to ordinary course fluctuations related to these customers businesses, would be likely to adversely affect our liquidity and require us to raise deposit interest rates to attract new deposits, purchase federal funds or borrow funds on a short term basis to replace such deposits. Depending on the interest rate environment and competitive factors, low cost deposits may need to be replaced with higher cost funding, resulting in a decrease in net interest income and net income. 
 Risks Related to Our Management 
 We are highly dependent on key personnel and the loss of one or more of those key personnel may materially and adversely affect our ability to execute on our strategic plan, existing and prospective customer relationships, growth prospects, and results of operations. 
 Competition for qualified employees and personnel in the banking industry is intense and there are a limited number of qualified persons with knowledge of and experience in the community banking industry generally, and in community banking focused on Korean-Americans specifically. The process of recruiting personnel with the combination of skills and attributes required to carry out our strategies can often be lengthy. Our success depends to a significant degree upon our ability to attract and retain qualified management, loan and deposit origination, administrative, marketing and technical personnel and upon the continued contributions of our management and personnel. In addition, our continued success will be highly dependent on retaining the current executive management team, which includes, but is not limited to, executive and senior management, finance, lending, credit administration, and other professionals at the Company and the Bank level who work directly with the management team to implement the strategic direction of the Company s and the Bank s Boards of Directors. We believe this management team, comprised principally of long-time employees who have worked in the banking industry for a number of years, is integral to implementing our business strategy. The loss of the services of any one of them could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Risks Related to Our Allowance for Loan Losses and Other Accounting Estimates 
 Accounting estimates and risk management processes rely on analytical models that may prove inaccurate resulting in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The processes we use to estimate probable incurred loan losses and to measure the fair value of financial instruments, as well as the processes used to estimate the effects of changing interest rates and other market measures on our financial condition and results of operations, depend upon the use of analytical models. These models reflect assumptions that may not be accurate, particularly in times of market stress or other unforeseen circumstances. Even if these assumptions are adequate, the models using those assumptions may prove to be inadequate or inaccurate because of other flaws in their design or their implementation. If the models we use for interest rate risk and asset-liability management are inadequate, we may incur increased or unexpected losses upon changes in market interest rates or other market measures. If the models we use for determining our probable incurred loan losses are inadequate, the allowance for loan losses may not be sufficient to support future charge-offs. If the models we use to measure the fair value of financial instruments are inadequate, the fair value of such financial instruments may fluctuate unexpectedly or may not accurately reflect what we could realize upon sale or settlement of such financial instruments. Any such failure in our analytical models could result in losses that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our allowance for loan losses may not be adequate to cover potential losses in our loan portfolio. 
 A significant source of risk arises from the possibility that losses could be sustained because borrowers, guarantors and related parties may fail to perform in accordance with the terms of their loans and leases. The underwriting and credit monitoring policies and procedures that the Bank has adopted to address this risk may not prevent unexpected losses and such losses could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. These unexpected losses may arise from a wide variety of specific or systemic factors, many of which are beyond our ability to predict, influence or control. 
 
 36 

Like all financial institutions, the Bank maintains an allowance for loan losses to provide for loan defaults and non-performance. Allowance for loan losses, expressed as a percentage of loans held-for-investment, was 1.22 , 1.29 and 1.67 , respectively, at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. Allowance for loan losses is funded from a provision (reversal) for loan losses, which is a charge to our income statement. Our provision (reversal) for loan losses, was 3.6 million, (4.6) million and 13.2 million, respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 The determination of an appropriate level of allowance for loan losses is an inherently difficult process and is based on numerous assumptions. The amount of future losses is susceptible to changes in economic, operating and other conditions, including changes in interest rates that may be beyond our control, and these losses may exceed current estimates. For these reasons, our allowance for loan losses may not be adequate to cover actual loan losses, and future provision for loan losses could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 The current expected credit loss standard established by the Financial Accounting Standards Board will require significant data requirements and changes to methodologies. 
 In the aftermath of the 2007-2008 financial crisis, the FASB, decided to review how banks estimate losses in allowance for loan losses calculation, and it issued the final Current Expected Credit Loss CECL ), standard on June 16, 2016. Currently, the impairment model used by financial institutions is based on incurred losses, and loans are recognized as impaired when there is no longer an assumption that future cash flows will be collected in full under the originally contracted terms. This model will be replaced by the CECL model. Financial institutions will be required to use historical information and current conditions to estimate the expected loss over the life of the loan. The Company has formed a committee, developed an implementation plan, and engaged a software vendor to assist the Company to build a model. The Company is in the process of completing a readiness assessment and is engaged in the implementation phase of the project. The Company is working on: (i) developing a new expected loss model with supportable assumptions; (ii) identifying data, reporting, and disclosure gaps; (iii) assessing updates to accounting and credit risk policies; and (iv) documenting new processes and controls. 
 The transition to the CECL model will require significantly greater data requirements and changes to methodologies to accurately account for expected loss. The Bank may be required to increase its allowance for loan losses as a result of the implementation of CECL. 
 The Federal Reserve, FDIC, and OCC issued a final rule regarding the implementation of CECL methodology for allowances for loan losses and related adjustments to capital that became effective in April 2019. The principal effect of the rule is that it allows banks, like the Bank, to elect to phase in over 3 years the adverse effects on regulatory capital that may result from the adoption of CECL. 
 On November 15, 2019, the FASB issued Accounting Standard Update ASU 2019-10 delaying the effective date for the CECL standard for smaller public business entities and nonpublic business entities. The FASB pushed back the effective date of CECL from January 2021 to January 2023 for smaller reporting companies as defined by the SEC and from January 2022 to January 2023 for nonpublic companies. The Bank will implement CECL during the first quarter of 2023 and the impact will be recorded as a cumulative-effect adjustment that reduces retained earnings as of January 1, 2023. 
 Risks Related to Our Growth Strategy 
 We may not be able to continue growing our business, particularly if we cannot increase loans and deposits through organic growth because of constrained capital resources or other reasons. 
 We have grown our consolidated assets from 1.70 billion as of December 31, 2018 to 2.42 billion as of December 31, 2022, and our deposits from 1.44 billion as of December 31, 2018 to 2.05 billion as of December 31, 2022. We intend to continue to grow our business through organic loan and deposit growth, and we anticipate that much of our future growth will be dependent on our ability to successfully implement our organic growth strategy, which may include establishing additional branches or LPOs in new or existing markets. A risk exists, however, that we will not be able to gain regulatory approval or identify suitable locations and management teams to execute this strategy. Further, our ability to grow organically loan and deposits is dependent on the financial health of our target demographic of Korean-Americans, which is in turn based on the financial health not only of their relevant geographic locations in the U.S. but also more broadly on the economic health of Korea. A decline in economic and business conditions in our market areas or in Korea could have a material impact on our loan portfolio or the demand for our products or services, which in turn may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 37 

Operations in our LPOs have positively affected our results of operations, and sustaining these operations and growing loans may be more difficult than we expect, which could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 We maintain 7 LPOs that primarily originate SBA loans. During the year ended December 31, 2022, these LPOs accounted for approximately 11.5 of new loans originated by the Bank. Sustaining the expansion of loan production through use of these out of state LPOs depends on a number of factors, including the continued strength of the markets in which our offices are located and identifying, hiring and retaining critical personnel. The strength of these markets could be weakened by anticipated increases in interest rates and any economic downturn. Moreover, competition for successful business developers and relationship managers in the SBA loan industry is fierce, and we may not be able to attract and retain the personnel we need to profitably operate our LPOs. Unsuccessful operation of our out of state LPOs could negatively impact our financial condition and results of operation. 
 Risks Related to Our Capital 
 As a result of the Dodd-Frank Act and related rulemaking, we are subject to more stringent capital requirements. 
 In July 2013, the U.S. federal banking authorities approved the implementation of the Basel III regulatory capital reforms, and issued rules effecting certain changes required by the Dodd-Frank Act. Basel III is applicable to all U.S. banks that are subject to minimum capital requirements as well as to bank and saving and loan holding companies, other than small bank holding companies (generally bank holding companies with consolidated assets of less than 3 billion). Basel III not only increases most of the required minimum regulatory capital ratios but also introduces a new common equity Tier 1 capital ratio and the concept of a capital conservation buffer. Basel III also expands the current definition of capital by establishing additional criteria that capital instruments must meet to be considered additional Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital. In order to be a well-capitalized depository institution under the new regime, an institution must maintain a common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 6.5 or more; a Tier 1 capital ratio of 8 or more; a total capital ratio of 10 or more; and a Tier 1 leverage ratio of 5 or more. The Basel III capital rules became effective as applied to us and the Bank on January 1, 2015 with the finalized phase-in for many of the changes taking effect from January 2022 over a five-year phase-in period. 
 On November 4, 2019, the federal banking agencies jointly issued a final rule that provides for an optional, simplified measure of capital adequacy, the CBLR framework, for qualifying community banking organizations. In order to qualify for the CBLR framework, a community banking organization must have a tier 1 leverage ratio of greater than 9 , less than 10 billion in total consolidated assets, off-balance-sheet exposures of 25 or less of total consolidated assets, and trading assets and liabilities of 5 or less of total consolidated assets. A qualifying community banking organization that opts into the CBLR framework and meets all requirements under the framework will be considered to have met the well-capitalized ratio requirements under the PCA regulations and will not be required to report or calculate risk-based capital. 
 A CBLR bank that ceases to meet any of the qualifying criteria in a future period but maintains a leverage ratio greater than 8 will be allowed a grace period of two reporting periods to satisfy the CBLR qualifying criteria or to otherwise comply with the generally applicable capital requirements. Further, a CBLR may opt out of the framework at any time, without restriction, by reverting to the generally applicable capital requirements. Presently, the Bank does not intend to opt into the CBLR framework. 
 The failure to meet applicable regulatory capital requirements could result in one or more of our regulators placing limitations or conditions on our activities, including our growth initiatives, or restricting the commencement of new activities, and could affect customer and investor confidence, our costs of funds and FDIC insurance costs, our ability to pay dividends on our common stock, our ability to make acquisitions, and our business, results of operations and financial conditions, generally. 
 We may need to raise additional capital in the future, and if we fail to maintain sufficient capital, whether due to losses, an inability to raise additional capital or otherwise, our financial condition, liquidity and results of operations, as well as our ability to maintain regulatory compliance, would be adversely affected. 
 We face significant capital and other regulatory requirements as a financial institution. We will likely need to raise additional capital in the future to provide us with sufficient capital resources and liquidity to meet our commitments and business needs. In addition, the Company, on a consolidated basis, and the Bank, on a stand-alone basis, must meet certain regulatory capital requirements and maintain sufficient liquidity. Importantly, regulatory capital requirements could increase from current levels, which could require us to raise additional capital or contract our operations. Our ability to raise additional capital depends on conditions in the capital markets, economic conditions and a number of other factors, including investor perceptions regarding the banking industry, market conditions and governmental activities, and significantly on our financial condition and performance. Accordingly, we may not be able to raise additional capital if needed or, if we can raise capital, we may not be able to do so on terms acceptable to us. If we fail to maintain capital to meet regulatory requirements or if we fail to raise capital for operations when needed or opportune, our financial condition, liquidity and results of operations would be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 38 

Company Relies on Dividends from the Bank to Pay Cash Dividends to Shareholders 
 Company is a separate legal entity from its subsidiary, the Bank. Company receives substantially all of its revenue from the Bank in the form of dividends, which is Company's principal source of funds to pay cash dividends to Company's common shareholders and cover operational expenses of the holding company. Various federal and state laws and regulations limit the amount of dividends that the Bank may pay to Company. In the event that the Bank is unable to pay dividends to Company, Company may not be able to pay dividends to its shareholders and pay interest on the subordinated debentures. As a result, it could have an adverse effect on Company's stock price and investment value. 
 Under federal law, capital distributions from the Bank would become prohibited, with limited exceptions, if the Bank were categorized as "undercapitalized" under applicable FRB or FDIC regulations. In addition, as a California bank, the Bank is subject to state law restrictions on the payment of dividends. 
 Legislative and Regulatory Risks 
 We are subject to extensive government regulation that could limit or restrict our activities, which in turn may adversely impact our ability to increase our assets and earnings. 
 We operate in a highly regulated environment and are subject to supervision and regulation by a number of governmental regulatory agencies, including the Federal Reserve, the CDFPI and the FDIC. Regulations adopted by these agencies, which are generally intended to provide protection for depositors and customers rather than for the benefit of shareholders, govern a comprehensive range of matters relating to ownership and control of our shares, our acquisition of other companies and businesses, permissible activities for us to engage in, maintenance of adequate capital levels, and other aspects of our operations. These bank regulators possess broad authority to prevent or remedy unsafe or unsound practices or violations of law. The laws and regulations applicable to the banking industry could change at any time and we cannot predict the effects of these changes on our business, profitability or growth strategy. Increased regulation could increase our cost of compliance and adversely affect profitability. 
 The Federal Reserve, the FDIC and the CDFPI periodically examine our business, including our compliance with laws and regulations. If, as a result of an examination, a banking agency were to determine that our financial condition, capital resources, asset quality, earnings prospects, management, liquidity or other aspects of any of our operations had become unsatisfactory, or that we were in violation of any law or regulation, they may take a number of different remedial actions as they deem appropriate. 
 Moreover, certain of these regulations contain significant punitive sanctions for violations, including monetary penalties and limitations on a bank s ability to implement components of its business plan, such as expansion through mergers and acquisitions or the opening of new branch offices. In addition, changes in regulatory requirements may add costs associated with compliance efforts. Furthermore, government policy and regulation, particularly as implemented through the Federal Reserve, significantly affect credit conditions. Negative developments in the financial industry and the impact of new legislation and regulation in response to those developments could negatively impact our business operations and adversely impact our financial performance. 
 We are subject to numerous laws designed to protect consumers, including the Community Reinvestment Act and fair lending laws, and failure to comply with these laws could lead to a wide variety of sanctions. 
 The CRA, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Fair Housing Act and other fair lending laws and regulations prohibit discriminatory lending practices by financial institutions. The U.S. Department of Justice, federal banking agencies and other federal agencies are responsible for enforcing these laws and regulations. A challenge to an institution s compliance with fair lending laws and regulations could result in a wide variety of sanctions, including damages and civil money penalties, injunctive relief, restrictions on mergers and acquisitions activity, restrictions on expansion and restrictions on entering new business lines. Private parties may also challenge an institution s performance under fair lending laws in private class action litigation. Such actions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. In addition, federal, state and local laws have been adopted that are intended to eliminate certain lending practices considered predatory. These laws prohibit practices such as steering borrowers away from more affordable products, selling unnecessary insurance to borrowers, repeatedly refinancing loans and making loans without a reasonable expectation that the borrowers will be able to repay the loans irrespective of the value of the underlying property. It is our policy not to make predatory loans, but these laws create the potential for liability with respect to our lending and loan investment activities. They increase our cost of doing business and, ultimately, may prevent us from making certain loans and cause us to reduce the average percentage rate or the points and fees on loans that we do make. 
 
 39 

Monetary policies and regulations of the Federal Reserve could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In addition to being affected by general economic conditions, our earnings and growth are affected by the policies of the Federal Reserve. An important function of the Federal Reserve is to regulate the money supply and credit conditions. Among the instruments used by the Federal Reserve to implement these objectives are open market purchases and sales of U.S. government securities, adjustments of the discount rate and changes in banks reserve requirements against bank deposits. These instruments are used in varying combinations to influence overall economic growth and the distribution of credit, bank loans, investments and deposits. Their use also affects interest rates charged on loans or paid on deposits. 
 The monetary policies and regulations of the Federal Reserve have had a significant effect on the operating results of commercial banks in the past and are expected to continue to do so in the future. Importantly, the Federal Reserve recently and aggressively raised its benchmark federal funds rate in an attempt to combat inflation. This has had a direct effect on financial institutions like us. Further increases by the Federal Reserve could impact, among other elements of our business and operations, our net interest margin as deposit costs generally increase alongside general market interest rate increases following Federal Reserve actions, loan demand may suffer as the cost of credit to borrowers increases, and any economic downturn that results from increased interest rates caused by the Federal Reserve s actions could impact our borrowers ability to repay their loans. The effects of such policies upon our business, financial condition and results of operations cannot be predicted precisely, but the effects on our financial condition and results of operations could be severely and negatively impacted. 
 The Federal Reserve may require us to commit capital resources to support the Bank. 
 As a matter of policy, the Federal Reserve expects a bank holding company to act as a source of financial and managerial strength to a subsidiary bank and to commit resources to support such subsidiary bank. The Dodd-Frank Act codified the Federal Reserve s policy on serving as a source of financial strength. Under the source of strength doctrine, the Federal Reserve may require a bank holding company to make capital injections into a troubled subsidiary bank and may charge the bank holding company with engaging in unsafe and unsound practices for failure to commit resources to a subsidiary bank. A capital injection may be required at times when the holding company may not have the resources to provide it and therefore may require the holding company to borrow the funds or raise capital. Any loans by a holding company to its subsidiary banks are subordinate in right of payment to deposits and to certain other indebtedness of such subsidiary bank. In the event of a bank holding company s bankruptcy, the bankruptcy trustee will assume any commitment by the holding company to a federal bank regulatory agency to maintain the capital of a subsidiary bank. Moreover, bankruptcy law provides that claims based on any such commitment will be entitled to a priority of payment over the claims of the institution s general unsecured creditors, including the holders of its note obligations. Thus, any borrowing that must be done by the Company to make a required capital injection becomes more difficult and expensive and could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 40 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company s headquarters office is located at 3701 Wilshire Boulevard, Suite 900, Los Angeles, California 90010. This office is located in the Wilshire Center/Koreatown District of Los Angeles and houses the Company s management unit, including compliance and Bank Security Act groups, information technology, SBA lending management, branch management, CRE and C I lending groups, credit administration and administrative groups. The lease expires in September 2023. The Bank leases all of its LPO and retail branch locations. 
 The Bank maintains 16 branch locations, with eight in Los Angeles County (three in Koreatown, Rowland Heights, Downtown Fashion District, Cerritos, Torrance and Little Tokyo), three in Orange County (Fullerton, Buena Park and Irvine), three on the East Coast (Bayside, New York; and Englewood Cliffs and Palisades Park, New Jersey), and two in Texas (Carrollton and Dallas) as of December 31, 2022. The Bank also maintains seven LPOs located in Los Angeles and Orange Counties, California; Annandale, Virginia; Atlanta, Georgia; Aurora, Colorado; Bellevue, Washington; and Carrollton, Texas. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 In the normal course of business, the Company is involved in various legal claims. The Company has reviewed all legal claims with counsel and has taken into consideration the views of such counsel as to the potential outcome of the claims in determining the accrued loss contingency. The Company had no accrued loss contingencies for certain legal claims at December 31, 2022. It is reasonably possible the Company may incur losses in addition to the amounts currently accrued. However, at this time, the Company is unable to estimate the range of additional losses that are reasonably possible because of a number of factors, including the fact that certain of these litigation matters are still in their early stages and involve claims for which, at this point, the Company believes have little to no merit. Management has considered these and other possible loss contingencies and does not expect the amounts to be material to the consolidated financial statements. 
 On August 30, 2021, the Bank identified unusual activity on its network. The Bank responded promptly to disable the activity, investigate its source and monitor the Bank s network. The Bank subsequently became aware of claims that it had been the target of a ransomware attack. On September 7, 2021, the Bank determined that an external actor had illegally accessed and/or acquired certain data on its network. The Bank has been working with third-party forensic investigators to understand the nature and scope of the incident and determine what information may have been accessed and/or acquired and who may have been impacted. The investigation revealed that this incident impacted certain files containing certain Bank customer information. Some of these files contained documents related to loan applications, such as tax returns, Form W-2 information of their employees, and payroll records. The Bank has notified all individuals identified as impacted, consistent with applicable laws. All impacted individuals were offered free Equifax Complete Premier credit monitoring and identify theft protection services. The Bank has notified law enforcement and appropriate authorities of the incident. 
 On December 16, 2021, Plaintiff Min Woo Bae, individually and on behalf of all others similarly situated, filed in the Los Angeles County Superior Court a complaint based on the incident for damages, injunctive relief, and equitable relief, styled Min Woo Bae v. Pacific City Bank , Case Number 21STCV45922 the Matter ). In the Matter, Plaintiff seeks to form a class action and alleges causes of action for: (1) negligence; (2) unjust enrichment; (3) violations of California s Consumer Privacy Act, Civil Code 1798.150(a); and (4) violations of California s unfair competition law (Cal. Bus. Prof. Code 17200, et seq.). The summons and complaint have been served on the Bank as of the date of this submission. The Bank expresses no opinion on the merits of the Matter. The Bank had answered, responded, and will continue to defend itself from the claims and causes of action asserted in the complaint to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. Those defenses will be based in part on the fact that the Bank has implemented security procedures, practices, and a robust information security program pursuant to guidance from the applicable financial regulators. 
 The Company continues to monitor and evaluate the data incident for its magnitude and concomitant financial, legal or reputational consequences. During the year ended December 31, 2021, expenses associated with the data incident, all of which are included in Other Expense in Consolidated Statements of Income, totaled 100 thousand, which represents the retention amount on its insurance claims. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred additional legal expenses of 220 thousand associated with the on-going legal matters related to the data incident, all of which are included in Professional Fees in Consolidated Statement of Income. The Company anticipates additional expenses will be incurred in future periods; however, the Company does have a cyber-liability insurance policy that should provide insurance coverage for this incident. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 41 

Part II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 The Company s common stock (symbol: PCB) is listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market. The approximate number of holders of record of the Company s common stock as of December 31, 2022 was 242. Certain shares are held in nominee or street name and accordingly, the number of beneficial owners of such shares is not known or included in the foregoing number. 
 Dividend Policy 
 The Company s shareholders are entitled to receive dividends only if, when and as declared by the Board of Directors and out of funds legally available therefore. It has been the Company s policy to pay quarterly dividends to holders of its common stock and the Company currently intends to continue paying quarterly dividends. However, the Board of Directors may change or eliminate the payment of future dividends at its discretion, without notice to the shareholders. 
 Any future determination to pay dividends to the shareholders will depend on the Company s results of operations, financial condition, capital requirements, banking regulations, payment of dividends on preferred stock, contractual restrictions and any other factors that the Board of Directors may deem relevant. The Company s profitability and regulatory capital ratios, in addition to other financial conditions, will be key factors in determining the payment of dividends. For additional information, see Forward-Looking Statements immediately preceding Part I, and Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Dividend Restrictions 
 As a bank holding company, the Company s ability to pay dividends is affected by the policies and enforcement powers of the Federal Reserve. In addition, the Company is dependent upon the payment of dividends by the Bank as the principal source of funds for the Company to pay dividends in the future, if any, and to make other payments. The Bank is also subject to various legal, regulatory and other restrictions on its ability to pay dividends and make other distributions and payments to its holding company, PCB Bancorp. For additional information, see Supervision and Regulation - The Bank - Dividend Payments included in Item 1 and Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 42 

Issuer Purchase of Equity Securities 
 Except for the preferred stock discussed below, there were no unregistered sales of equity securities during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 On May 24, 2022, the Company issued 69,141 shares of Series C Preferred Stock for the capital investment of 69.1 million from the U.S. Treasury under the ECIP. For additional information, see Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 The following table presents share repurchase activities during the three months ended December 31, 2022: 
 in thousands, except per share data) Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Program Approximate Dollar Value of Shares That May Yet Be Purchased Under the Program From October 1, 2022 to October 31, 2022 53,007 18.72 53,007 574,990 From November 1, 2022 to November 30, 2022 84,803 18.66 84,803 490,187 From December 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022 104,806 18.21 104,806 385,381 Total 242,616 18.48 242,616 
 On March 28, 2019, the Company s Board of Directors approved the repurchase of up to 6.5 million of the Company s common stock through March 27, 2020. During the year ended December 31, 2019, the Company completed the repurchase program, and repurchased and retired 396,715 shares of common stock at a weighted-average price of 16.33 per share. 
 On January 23, 2020, the Company announced that on November 22, 2019, its Board of Directors approved a 6.5 million stock repurchase program to commence upon the opening of the Company s trading window for the first quarter of 2020 and continue through November 20, 2021. The Company completed the repurchase program in March 2020. The Company repurchased and retired 428,474 shares of common stock at a weighted-average price of 15.14 per share. 
 On April 8, 2021, the Company s Board of Directors approved a repurchase program authorizing the repurchase of up to 5 of the Company s outstanding common stock as of the date of the board meeting, which represented 775,000 shares, through September 7, 2021. The Company repurchased and retired 680,269 shares of common stock at a weighted-average price of 15.99 per share under this repurchase program. 
 On July 28, 2022, the Company s Board of Directors approved a repurchase program authorizing for the repurchase of up to 5 of the Company s outstanding common stock as of the date of the board meeting, which represented 747,938 shares, through February 1, 2023. The Company repurchased and retired 362,557 shares of common stock at a weighted-average price of 18.57 per share, totaling 6.7 million under this repurchase program as of December 31, 2022. On January 26, 2023, the Company announced the amendment of the repurchase program, which extended the program expiration from February 1, 2023 to February 1, 2024. 
 43 

Item 6. Reserved 
 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 You should read the following discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations together with the Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying notes included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those set forth under Item 1A Risk Factors and Forward Looking Statements immediately preceding Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 The Company follows accounting and reporting policies and procedures that conform, in all material respects, to GAAP and to practices generally applicable to the financial services industry, the most significant of which are described in Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The preparation of Consolidated Financial Statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make judgments and accounting estimates that affect the amounts reported for assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses on the Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying notes, and amounts disclosed as contingent assets and liabilities. While the Company bases estimates on historical experience, current information and other factors deemed to be relevant, actual results could differ from those estimates. Accounting estimates are necessary in the application of certain accounting policies and procedures that are particularly susceptible to significant change. Critical accounting policies are defined as those that require the most complex or subjective judgment and are reflective of significant uncertainties, and could potentially result in materially different results under different assumptions and conditions 
 The following is a summary of the more subjective and complex accounting estimates and principles affecting the financial condition and results reported in financial statements. In each area, the Company has identified the variables that management believes to be the most important in the estimation process. The Company uses the best information available to make the estimations necessary to value the related assets and liabilities in each of these areas. 
 Allowance for Loan Losses 
 Allowance for loan losses is a valuation allowance for probable incurred credit losses. Loan losses are charged against the allowance for loan losses when management believes the uncollectability of a loan balance is confirmed. Subsequent recoveries, if any, are credited to the allowance for loan losses. The Company estimates the allowance for loan losses required using past loan loss experience, the nature and volume of the portfolio, information about specific borrower situations and estimated collateral values, economic conditions, and other factors. Allocations of the allowance for loan losses may be made for specific loans, but the entire allowance for loan losses is available for any loan that, in management s judgment, should be charged-off. Amounts are charged-off when available information confirms that specific loans or portions thereof, are uncollectible. This methodology for determining charge-offs is consistently applied to each loan segment. 
 The Company determines a separate allowance for loan losses for each portfolio segment. The allowance for loan losses consists of specific and general reserves. Specific reserves relate to loans that are individually classified as impaired. A loan is impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect all amounts due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. Factors considered in determining impairment include payment status, collateral value and the probability of collecting all amounts when due. Measurement of impairment is based on the expected future cash flows of an impaired loan, which are to be discounted at the loan s effective interest rate, or measured by reference to an observable market value, if one exists, or the fair value of the collateral for a collateral-dependent loan. The Company selects the measurement method on a loan-by-loan basis except that collateral-dependent loans for which foreclosure is probable are measured at the fair value of the collateral. 
 The Company recognizes interest income on impaired loans based on its existing methods of recognizing interest income on nonaccrual loans. Loans, for which the terms have been modified resulting in a concession, and for which the borrower is experiencing financial difficulties, are considered TDRs and classified as impaired with measurement of impairment as described above. 
 If a loan is impaired, a portion of the allowance is allocated so that the loan is reported, net, at the present value of estimated future cash flows using the loan s existing rate or at the fair value of collateral if repayment is expected solely from the collateral. 
 
 44 

General reserves cover non-impaired loans and are based on the Company s historical loss rates for each portfolio segment, adjusted for the effects of qualitative factors that are likely to cause estimated credit losses as of the evaluation date to differ from the portfolio segment s historical loss experience. 
 Qualitative factors include consideration of the following: changes in lending policies and procedures; changes in economic conditions, changes in the nature and volume of the portfolio; changes in the experience, ability and depth of lending management and other relevant staff; changes in the volume and severity of past due, nonaccrual and other adversely graded loans; changes in the loan review system; changes in the value of the underlying collateral for collateral-dependent loans; concentrations of credit and the effect of other external factors such as competition and legal and regulatory requirements. 
 In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326). The amendments in this ASU require that entities change the impairment model for most financial assets that are measured at amortized cost and certain other instruments from an incurred loss model to an expected loss model (referred to as CECL here in). Under this model, entities will estimate credit losses over the entire contractual term of the instrument from the date of initial recognition of that instrument. It includes financial assets such as loan receivables, held-to-maturity debt securities, net investment in leases that are not accounted for at fair value through net income, and certain off-balance sheet credit exposures. This ASU was effective for public business entities that are SEC filers for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, including interim periods within those fiscal years. In 2019, the FASB amended this ASU, which delays the effective date to 2023 for certain SEC filers that are Smaller Reporting Companies, which would apply to the Company. The Company plans to adopt this ASU, as well as any subsequent ASUs related to this ASU, at the delayed effective date of January 1, 2023. 
 The Company will adopt this ASU during the three months ended March 31, 2023. The Company is currently in its final stage of CECL implementation. The Company is testing its designed models with an independent third party and completing development of its methodologies, and data/input gathering and validation. In addition, the Company is devising risk documentation, policies and procedures associated with CECL to support the ongoing estimation activities and the continuous assessment of risks related to the model, its methodologies, and data governance. 
 The Company completed its parallel-runs during the year ended December 31, 2022. Based on the Company s current assessment of this ASU, the Company expects to recognize coverage ratio of allowance for credit losses ACL on loans from 1.12 to 1.32 of loans held-for-investment. In addition, the Company expects to recognize additional reserve for ACL on off-balance sheet items ranging from 1.1 million to 1.4 million. The Company expects to recognize no ACL on securities available-for-sale. The adjustment recorded upon adoption of CECL may differ from management s estimated change based on material changes in the economic forecast and conditions, and composition of the loan portfolio used in calculating the ACL upon adoption. This impact will be recorded as a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings as of January 1, 2023. 
 In March 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-02, Financial Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326) - Troubled Debt Restructuring and Vintage Disclosures. The amendments in this ASU eliminates the accounting guidance for TDRs by creditors in ASC 310-40, Receivables - Troubled Debt Restructurings by Creditors, while enhancing disclosure requirements for restructurings involving borrowers that are experiencing financial difficulty. This Update also requires public business entities to disclose current-period gross write-offs by year of origination for financing receivables and net investments in leases. The Company will adopt this ASU with ASU 2016-13, discussed above. The Company does not expect to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements upon adoption of this ASU. 
 
 45 

Non-GAAP Measures 
 The Company uses certain non-GAAP financial measures to provide meaningful supplemental information regarding the Company s operational performance and to enhance investors overall understanding of such financial performance. Generally, a non-GAAP financial measure is a numerical measure of a company s financial performance, financial position or cash flows that exclude (or include) amounts that are included in (or excluded from) the most directly comparable measure calculated, and presented in accordance with GAAP. However, these non-GAAP financial measures are supplemental and are not a substitute for an analysis based on GAAP measures and may not be comparable to non-GAAP financial measures that may be presented by other companies. 
 The following tables present reconciliation of return on average tangible common equity, tangible common equity per common share and tangible common equity to tangible assets ratios to their most comparable GAAP measures as of the dates or for the periods indicated. These non-GAAP measures are used by management in its analysis of the Company's performance. 
 Year Ended December 31, in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Average total shareholders' equity 306,440 242,766 228,553 221,576 170,429 Less: average preferred stock 42,053 Average tangible common equity 264,387 242,766 228,553 221,576 170,429 Net income 34,987 40,103 16,175 24,108 24,301 Return on average shareholders' equity 11.42 16.52 7.08 10.88 14.26 Return on average tangible common equity 13.23 16.52 7.08 10.88 14.26 
 December 31, in thousands, except per share data) 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Total shareholders' equity 335,442 256,286 233,788 226,834 210,296 Less: preferred stock 69,141 Tangible common equity 266,301 256,286 233,788 226,834 210,296 Outstanding common shares 14,625,474 14,865,825 15,385,878 15,707,016 15,977,754 Book value per common share 22.94 17.24 15.19 14.44 13.16 Tangible common equity per common share 18.21 17.24 15.19 14.44 13.16 Total assets 2,420,036 2,149,735 1,922,853 1,746,328 1,697,028 Total shareholders' equity to total assets 13.86 11.92 12.16 12.99 12.39 Tangible common equity to total assets 11.00 11.92 12.16 12.99 12.39 
 The following table presents reconciliation of allowance for loan losses to loans held-for-investment, excluding SBA PPP loans to its most comparable GAAP measure. The Company believes that this non-GAAP measure enhances comparability to prior periods in which there were no SBA PPP loans and provides supplemental information regarding the Company s credit quality trend. 
 December 31, in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Loans held-for-investment 2,046,063 1,732,205 1,583,578 1,450,831 1,338,682 Less: SBA PPP loans 1,197 65,329 135,654 Loans held-for-investment, excluding SBA PPP loans 2,044,866 1,666,876 1,447,924 1,450,831 1,338,682 Allowance for loan losses 24,942 22,381 26,510 14,380 13,167 Allowance for loan losses to loans held-for-investment 1.22 1.29 1.67 0.99 0.98 Allowance for loan losses to loans held-for-investment, excluding SBA PPP loans 1.22 1.34 1.83 0.99 0.98 
 
 46 

Five-Year Summary of Selected Financial Data 
 The following table presents certain selected financial data as of the dates or for the periods indicated: 
 As of or For the Year Ended December 31, in thousands, except per share data) 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Selected balance sheet data: 
 Cash and cash equivalents 147,031 203,285 194,098 146,228 162,273 Securities available-for-sale 141,863 123,198 120,527 97,566 146,991 Securities held-to-maturity 20,154 21,760 Loans held-for-sale 22,811 37,026 1,979 1,975 5,781 Loans held-for-investment 2,046,063 1,732,205 1,583,578 1,450,831 1,338,682 Allowance for loan losses (24,942) (22,381) (26,510) (14,380) (13,167) Total assets 2,420,036 2,149,735 1,922,853 1,746,328 1,697,028 Total deposits 2,045,983 1,867,134 1,594,851 1,479,307 1,443,753 Shareholders equity 335,442 256,286 233,788 226,834 210,296 Selected income statement data: 
 Interest income 101,751 81,472 79,761 92,945 83,699 Interest expense 12,119 4,335 13,572 23,911 17,951 Net interest income 89,632 77,137 66,189 69,034 65,748 Provision for loan losses 3,602 (4,596) 13,219 4,237 1,231 Noninterest income 14,499 18,434 11,740 11,869 10,454 Noninterest expense 51,126 43,208 41,699 42,315 40,226 Income before income taxes 49,403 56,959 23,011 34,351 34,745 Income tax expense 14,416 16,856 6,836 10,243 10,444 Net income 34,987 40,103 16,175 24,108 24,301 Per share data: 
 Earnings per common share, basic 2.35 2.66 1.05 1.52 1.69 Earnings per common share, diluted 2.31 2.62 1.04 1.49 1.65 Book value per common share (1) 
 22.94 17.24 15.19 14.44 13.16 Tangible common equity per common share (8) 
 18.21 17.24 15.19 14.44 13.16 Cash dividends declared per common share 0.60 0.44 0.40 0.25 0.12 Outstanding share data: 
 Number of common shares outstanding 14,625,474 14,865,825 15,385,878 15,707,016 15,977,754 Weighted-average common shares outstanding, basic 14,822,018 15,017,637 15,384,231 15,873,383 14,397,075 Weighted-average common shares outstanding, diluted 15,065,175 15,253,820 15,448,892 16,172,282 14,691,370 Selected performance ratios: 
 Return on average assets 1.54 1.96 0.84 1.40 1.53 Return on average shareholders equity 11.42 16.52 7.08 10.88 14.26 Return on average tangible common equity (8) 
 13.23 16.52 7.08 10.88 14.26 Dividend payout ratio (2) 
 25.53 16.54 38.10 16.45 7.10 Efficiency ratio (3) 
 49.10 45.21 53.51 52.30 52.79 Yield on average interest-earning assets 4.63 4.05 4.25 5.53 5.38 Cost of average interest-bearing liabilities 1.08 0.41 1.15 2.09 1.65 Net interest spread 3.55 3.64 3.10 3.44 3.73 Net interest margin (4) 
 4.08 3.83 3.53 4.11 4.23 Total loans to total deposits ratio (5) 
 101.12 94.76 99.42 98.21 93.12 
 47 

As of or For the Year Ended December 31, in thousands, except per share data) 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Asset quality: 
 Loans 30 to 89 days past due and still accruing 
 134 554 338 1,818 377 Loans past due 90 days or more and still accruing 
 287 Nonaccrual loans held-for-investment 3,360 994 3,163 2,537 1,061 NPLs held-for-investment 3,360 994 3,163 2,824 1,061 NPLs held-for-sale 4,000 Total NPLs 7,360 994 3,163 2,824 1,061 NPAs (6) 
 7,360 994 4,564 2,824 1,061 Net charge-offs (recoveries) 1,041 (467) 1,089 3,024 288 Loans 30 to 89 days past due and still accruing to loans held-for-investment 
 0.01 0.03 0.02 0.13 0.03 Nonaccrual loans held-for-investment to loans held-for-investment 0.16 0.06 0.20 0.17 0.08 Nonaccrual loans held-for-investment to allowance for loan losses 13.47 4.44 11.93 17.64 8.06 NPLs held-for-investment to loans held-for-investment 0.16 0.06 0.20 0.19 0.08 NPLs held-for-investment to allowance for loan losses 13.47 4.44 11.93 19.64 8.06 NPAs to total assets 0.30 0.05 0.24 0.16 0.06 Allowance for loan losses to loans held-for-investment 
 1.22 1.29 1.67 0.99 0.98 Allowance for loan losses to loans held-for-investment, excluding SBA PPP loans (7) 
 1.22 1.34 1.83 0.99 0.98 Allowance for loan losses to nonaccrual loans held-for-investment 742.32 2,251.61 838.13 566.81 1,241.00 Allowance for loan losses to NPLs held-for-investment 742.32 2,251.61 838.13 509.21 1,241.00 Net charge-offs (recoveries) to average loans held-for-investment 0.06 -0.03 0.07 0.22 0.02 Capital ratios: Shareholders equity to total assets 
 13.86 11.92 12.16 12.99 12.39 Tangible common equity to total assets (8) 
 11.00 11.92 12.16 12.99 12.39 Average equity to average assets 
 13.49 11.86 11.94 12.88 10.72 PCB Bancorp 
 Common tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets) 
 13.29 14.79 15.97 15.87 16.28 Total capital (to risk-weighted assets) 
 17.83 16.04 17.22 16.90 17.31 Tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets) 
 16.62 14.79 15.97 15.87 16.28 Tier 1 capital (to average assets) 
 14.33 12.11 11.94 13.23 12.60 PCB Bank Common tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets) 
 16.30 14.48 15.70 15.68 16.19 Total capital (to risk-weighted assets) 
 17.52 15.73 16.95 16.71 17.21 Tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets) 
 16.30 14.48 15.70 15.68 16.19 Tier 1 capital (to average assets) 
 14.05 11.85 11.74 13.06 12.53 
 (1) Shareholders' equity divided by common shares outstanding 
 (2) Dividends declared per common share divided by basic earnings per common share. 
 (3) Noninterest expenses divided by the sum of net interest income and noninterest income. 
 (4) Net interest income divided by average total interest-earning assets. 
 (5) Total loans include both loans held-for-sale and loans held-for-investment, net of unearned loan costs (fees). 
 (6) NPAs include total NPLs (nonaccrual loans plus loans past due 90 days or more and still accruing) and other real estate owned. 
 (7) This ratio is not presented in accordance with GAAP. See "Non-GAAP measure" for reconciliation of this measure to its most comparable GAAP measure. 
 (8) Non-GAAP measure. See "Non-GAAP Measures" for a reconciliation to its most comparable GAAP measure. 
 48 

Executive Summary 
 Financial Highlights 
 Net income was 35.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, a decrease of 5.1 million, or 12.8 , from 40.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, but an increase of 18.8 million, or 116.3 , from 16.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2020; 
 Provision (reversal) for loan losses was 3.6 million, (4.6) million and 13.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Diluted earnings per common share was 2.31, 2.62 and 1.04 for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Net interest margin was 4.08 , 3.83 and 3.53 for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Total assets were 2.42 billion at December 31, 2022, an increase of 270.3 million, or 12.6 , from 2.15 billion at December 31, 2021; 
 Loans held-for-investment were 2.05 billion at December 31, 2022, an increase of 313.9 million, or 18.1 , from 1.73 billion at December 31, 2021. Excluding SBA PPP loans, loans held-for-investment were 2.04 billion at December 31, 2022, an increase of 378.0 million, or 22.7 , from 1.67 billion at December 31, 2021; 
 Total deposits were 2.05 billion at December 31, 2022, an increase of 178.8 million, or 9.6 , from 1.87 billion at December 31, 2021; and 
 The Company declared and paid cash dividends of 0.60, 0.44, and 0.40 per common share for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 The decrease in net income for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared with the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily due to an increase in noninterest expense, a decrease in noninterest income and additional provision for loan losses, partially offset by an increase in net interest income. Noninterest income decreased primarily due to a decrease in gain on sale of SBA loans. Additional provision for loan losses was primarily due to an increase in gross loan balance and changes in qualitative adjustment factors related to current economic conditions. 
 The increase in net income for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared with the year ended December 31, 2020 was primarily due to increases in net interest income and noninterest income and the reversal for loan losses. Net interest income increased primarily due to a decrease in cost of interest-bearing liabilities and an increase in average earning assets. Noninterest income increased primarily due to an increase in gain on sale of SBA loans. Reversal for loan losses was primarily due to a decrease in qualitative adjustment factor allocations related to economic implications of the COVID-19 pandemic during the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 The increase in total assets for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily due to an increase in loans held-for-investment. Loans held-for-investment increased primarily due to the increased commercial property and residential property loan production. 
 The Company is committed to making corporate decisions that directly benefit its shareholders, and during the year ended December 31, 2022, increased its dividend per common share by 0.16, or 36.4 , to 0.60 from 0.44 for the year ended December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company also repurchased 362,557 shares of common stock, totaling 6.7 million. Overall, the Company returned 44.8 of its earnings to common shareholders through dividends and common share repurchases during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Result of Operations 
 
 Net Interest Income 
 A principal component of the Company s earnings is net interest income, which is the difference between the interest and fees earned on loans and investments and the interest paid on deposits and borrowed funds. Net interest income expressed as a percentage of average interest-earning assets is referred to as the net interest margin. The net interest spread is the yield on average interest-earning assets less the cost of average interest-bearing liabilities. Net interest income is affected by changes in the balances of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities and changes in the yields earned on interest-earning assets and the rates paid on interest-bearing liabilities. 
 49 

The following table presents interest income, average interest-earning assets, interest expense, average interest-bearing liabilities, and their correspondent yields and costs expressed both in dollars and rates for the periods indicated: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 in thousands) Average Balance Interest Yield/Cost Average Balance Interest Yield/Cost Average Balance Interest Yield/Cost Interest-earning assets: Total loans (1) 
 1,872,557 95,054 5.08 1,702,073 79,155 4.65 1,541,740 76,546 4.96 Mortgage-backed securities 89,066 1,826 2.05 89,693 989 1.10 68,496 1,260 1.84 Collateralized mortgage obligation 23,479 545 2.32 22,633 221 0.98 35,299 462 1.31 SBA loan pool securities 10,309 208 2.02 10,515 189 1.80 13,120 255 1.94 Municipal securities - tax exempt (2) 
 4,874 140 2.87 5,755 146 2.54 5,811 150 2.58 Corporate bonds 4,810 188 3.91 1,841 68 3.69 Interest-bearing deposits in other financial institutions 184,502 3,212 1.74 170,814 220 0.13 204,708 631 0.31 FHLB and other bank stock 9,703 578 5.96 8,539 484 5.67 8,416 457 5.43 Total interest-earning assets 2,199,300 101,751 4.63 2,011,863 81,472 4.05 1,877,590 79,761 4.25 Noninterest-earning assets: Cash and cash equivalents 20,735 19,676 17,542 Allowances for loan losses (22,125) (25,270) (19,693) Other assets 73,951 41,187 39,385 Total noninterest-earning assets 72,561 35,593 37,234 Total assets 2,271,861 2,047,456 1,914,824 Interest-bearing liabilities: Deposits: NOW and money market accounts 504,275 4,970 0.99 400,446 1,242 0.31 371,315 2,385 0.64 Savings 14,068 9 0.06 12,302 6 0.05 8,543 9 0.11 Time deposits 593,106 7,005 1.18 609,351 2,795 0.46 708,306 10,564 1.49 Other borrowings 6,290 135 2.15 31,302 292 0.93 94,319 614 0.65 Total interest-bearing liabilities 1,117,739 12,119 1.08 1,053,401 4,335 0.41 1,182,483 13,572 1.15 Noninterest-bearing liabilities: 
 Demand deposits 831,621 737,216 486,820 Other liabilities 16,061 14,073 16,968 Total noninterest-bearing liabilities 847,682 751,289 503,788 Total liabilities 1,965,421 1,804,690 1,686,271 Shareholders equity 306,440 242,766 228,553 Total liabilities and shareholders equity 2,271,861 2,047,456 1,914,824 Net interest income 89,632 77,137 66,189 Net interest spread (3) 
 3.55 3.64 3.10 Net interest margin (4) 
 4.08 3.83 3.53 Cost of funds (5) 
 0.62 0.24 0.81 
 (1) Average balance includes both loans held-for-sale and loans held-for-investment, as well as nonaccrual loans. Net amortization of deferred loan fees (cost) of 2.2 million, 6.1 million and 2.9 million, respectively, and net accretion of discount on loans of 3.6 million, 3.5 million and 3.3 million, respectively, are included in the interest income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 (2) The yield on municipal bonds has not been computed on a tax-equivalent basis. 
 (3) Net interest spread is calculated by subtracting average rate on interest-bearing liabilities from average yield on interest-earning assets. 
 (4) Net interest margin is calculated by dividing net interest income by average interest-earning assets. 
 (5) Cost of funds is calculated by dividing interest expense on deposits by the sum of interest-bearing and noninterest-bearing demand deposits. 
 50 

The following table presents the changes in interest income and interest expense for major components of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. Information is provided on changes attributable to: (i) changes in volume multiplied by the prior rate; and (ii) changes in rate multiplied by the prior volume. Changes attributable to both rate and volume which cannot be segregated have been allocated proportionately to the change due to volume and the change due to rate. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 vs. 2021 Year Ended December 31, 2021 vs. 2020 Increase (Decrease) Due to Net Increase (Decrease) Increase (Decrease) Due to Net Increase (Decrease) in thousands) Volume Rate Volume Rate Interest earned on: Total loans 7,928 7,971 15,899 7,960 (5,351) 2,609 Investment securities 26 1,268 1,294 134 (648) (514) Other interest-earning assets 58 3,028 3,086 (172) (212) (384) Total interest income 8,012 12,267 20,279 7,922 (6,211) 1,711 Interest paid on: Savings, NOW, and money market deposits 319 3,412 3,731 207 (1,353) (1,146) Time deposits (75) 4,285 4,210 (1,476) (6,293) (7,769) Other borrowings (233) 76 (157) (410) 88 (322) Total interest expense 11 7,773 7,784 (1,679) (7,558) (9,237) Change in net interest income 8,001 4,494 12,495 9,601 1,347 10,948 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 The following table presents the components of net interest income for the periods indicated: 
 Year Ended December 31, Amount Change Percentage Change in thousands) 2022 2021 Interest income: Interest and fees on loans 95,054 79,155 15,899 20.1 Interest on investment securities 2,907 1,613 1,294 80.2 Interest and dividends on other interest-earning assets 3,790 704 3,086 438.4 Total interest income 101,751 81,472 20,279 24.9 Interest expense: Interest on deposits 11,984 4,043 7,941 196.4 Interest on other borrowings 135 292 (157) (53.8) Total interest expense 12,119 4,335 7,784 179.6 Net interest income 89,632 77,137 12,495 16.2 
 Net interest income increased primarily due to a 9.3 increase in average balance of interest-earning assets and a 58 basis point increase in average yield on interest-earning assets, partially offset by a 6.1 increase in average balance of interest-bearing liabilities and a 67 basis point increase in average cost of interest-bearing liabilities. The increase in average balance of interest-earning assets was primarily due to growth in loans and investment securities, supported by deposit growth. The increases in average yield on interest-earning assets and average cost of interest-bearing liabilities were primarily due to the rising market rates during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Interest and fees on loans increased primarily due to a 10.0 increase in average balance and a 43 basis point increase in average yield. The increase in average balance was primarily due to an increase in commercial and residential property loans, and commercial lines of credit, partially offset by a decrease in commercial term loans. The increase in average yield was primarily due to the rising market rates, partially offset by a decrease in net amortization of deferred fees on SBA PPP loans. 
 Interest on investment securities increased primarily due to a 95 basis point increase in average yield and a 1.6 increase in average balance. The increase in average yield was primarily due to new investment securities purchased at higher market rates and a decrease in net amortization. The Company purchased 57.4 million and 47.3 million, respectively, of investment securities during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, average yield on total investment securities was 2.19 and 1.24 , respectively. 
 
 51 

Interest income on other interest-earning assets increased primarily due to a 156 basis point increase in average yield and an 8.3 increase in average balance. The increase in average yield was primarily due to the rising market rates. The increase in average balance was primarily due to an increase in average balance of deposits and the Emergency Capital Investment Program ECIP capital investment, partially offset by an increase in loans. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, yield on total other interest-earning assets was 1.95 and 0.39 , respectively. 
 Interest expense on deposits increased primarily due to an 8.7 increase in average balance of interest-bearing deposits and a 68 basis point increase in average cost of interest-bearing deposits. The increase in average balance was primarily due to increases in savings, NOW and money market accounts, partially offset by a decrease in time deposits. The increase in average cost was primarily due to the rising market rates. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, average cost on total interest-bearing deposits was 1.08 and 0.40 , respectively. 
 Interest expense on other borrowings increased primarily due to a 122 basis point increase in average cost, partially offset by a 79.9 decrease in average balance. The increase in average cost was primarily due to the rising market rates. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 The following table presents the components of net interest income for the periods indicated: 
 Year Ended December 31, Amount Change Percentage Change in thousands) 2021 2020 Interest income: Interest and fees on loans 79,155 76,546 2,609 3.4 Interest on investment securities 1,613 2,127 (514) (24.2) Interest and dividends on other interest-earning assets 704 1,088 (384) (35.3) Total interest income 81,472 79,761 1,711 2.1 Interest expense: Interest on deposits 4,043 12,958 (8,915) (68.8) Interest on borrowings 292 614 (322) (52.4) Total interest expense 4,335 13,572 (9,237) (68.1) Net interest income 77,137 66,189 10,948 16.5 
 Net interest income increased primarily due to a 7.2 increase in average balance of interest-earning assets and a 74 basis point decrease in average cost of interest-bearing liabilities, partially offset by a 20 basis point decrease in average yield on interest-earning assets and a 10.9 decrease in average balance of interest-bearing liabilities. The increase in average balance of interest-earning assets was primarily due to growth in the loan and investment securities, supported by deposit growth. The decreases in average yield on interest-earning assets and average cost of interest-bearing liabilities were primarily due to the lower market rates during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Interest and fees on loans increased primarily due to a 10.4 increase in average balance, partially offset by a 31 basis point decrease in average yield. The increase in average balance was primarily due to an increase in commercial property loans, partially offset by decreases in commercial term and SBA PPP loans. The decrease in average yield was primarily due to the lower market rates, partially offset by increases in net amortization of deferred fees on SBA PPP loans and net accretion of discount. 
 Interest on investment securities decreased primarily due to a 49 basis point decrease in average yield, partially offset by a 6.3 increase in average balance. The decrease in average yield was primarily due to new investment securities purchased at lower market rates. The Company purchased 47.3 million and 39.4 million, respectively, of investment securities during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, average yield on total investment securities was 1.24 and 1.73 , respectively. 
 Interest income on other interest-earning assets decreased primarily due to a 12 basis point decrease in average yield and a 15.8 decrease in average balance. The decrease in average yield was primarily due to the lower market rates. The decrease in average balance was primarily due to increases in loans and investment securities. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, yield on total other interest-earning assets was 0.39 and 0.51 , respectively. 
 Interest expense on deposits decreased primarily due to a 6.1 decrease in average balance of interest-bearing deposits and a 79 basis point decrease in average cost of interest-bearing deposits. The decrease in average balance was primarily due to a decrease in time deposits, partially offset by increases in savings, NOW and money market accounts. The decrease in average cost was primarily due to the lower market rates. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, average cost on total interest-bearing deposits was 0.40 and 1.19 , respectively. 
 52 

Interest expense on other borrowings decreased primarily due to a 66.8 decrease in average balance, partially offset by a 28 basis point increase in average cost. The increase in average cost was primarily due to matured borrowings with lower interest rates during the year ended December 31, 2021. Matured FHLB advances totaled 70.0 million with a weighted-average rate of 0.47 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Provision (reversal) for Loan Losses 
 Provision (reversal) for loan losses was 3.6 million, (4.6) million and 13.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The additional provision for loan losses for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily due to an increase in gross loan balance and changes in qualitative adjustment factors related to current economic conditions. The reversal for loan losses for the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily due to a decrease in qualitative adjustment factor allocations related to economic implications of the COVID-19 pandemic. The additional provision for loan losses for the year ended December 31, 2020 was primarily due to the increase in risks associated with economic and business conditions and uncertainty, as well as the increases in special mention and classified loans, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 See further discussion in Loans Held-For-Investment and Allowance for Loan Losses. 
 
 Noninterest Income 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 The following table presents the components of noninterest income for the periods indicated: 
 Year Ended December 31, Amount Change Percentage Change in thousands) 2022 2021 Service charges and fees on deposits 1,326 1,195 131 11.0 Loan servicing income 2,969 2,770 199 7.2 Bank-owned life insurance income 706 108 598 553.7 Gain on sale of loans 7,990 12,932 (4,942) (38.2) Other income 1,508 1,429 79 5.5 Total noninterest income 14,499 18,434 (3,935) (21.3) 
 Service charges and fees on deposits increased primarily due to an increase in fee-based transactions. 
 Loan servicing income represents fees received on loans that the Company services, net of amortization of servicing assets. The increase was primarily due to an increase in servicing income received, partially offset by an increase in amortization of servicing assets from increased prepayments of loans being serviced. 
 The Company purchased bank-owned life insurance of 29.3 million in November 2021. Bank-owned life insurance income represents the increase in cash surrender value of the insurance policy. 
 Gain on sale of loans decreased primarily due to decreases in sales volume and gain margin. During the year ended December 31, 2021, SBA guaranteed portion was temporarily increased until September 30, 2021 under the Economic Aid Act, which resulted in a higher gain margin on sold SBA loans. The Company sold SBA loans of 122.9 million with a gain of 8.0 million and residential property loans of 858 thousand with a gain of 8 thousand during the year ended December 31, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company sold SBA loans of 126.8 million with a gain of 12.8 million and residential property loans of 10.4 million with a gain of 151 thousand and certain commercial property loans of 8.6 million with a gain of 6 thousand. 
 Other income included wire and remittance fees of 643 thousand and 596 thousand, respectively, and debit card interchange fees of 335 thousand and 306 thousand, respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 53 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 The following table presents the components of noninterest income for the periods indicated: 
 Year Ended December 31, Amount Change Percentage Change in thousands) 2021 2020 Service charges and fees on deposits 1,195 1,256 (61) (4.9) Loan servicing income 2,770 2,710 60 2.2 Bank-owned life insurance income 108 108 Gain on sale of loans 12,932 6,527 6,405 98.1 Other income 1,429 1,247 182 14.6 Total noninterest income 18,434 11,740 6,694 57.0 
 Service charges and fees on deposits decreased primarily due to a decrease in fee-based transactions. 
 Loan servicing income represents fees received on loans that the Company services, net of amortization of servicing assets. The increase was primarily due to an increase in servicing income received, partially offset by an increase in amortization of servicing assets from increased prepayments of loans being serviced. 
 The Company purchased bank-owned life insurance of 29.3 million in November 2021. Bank-owned life insurance income represents the increase in cash surrender value of the insurance policy. 
 Gain on sale of loans increased primarily due to increases in sales volume and gain margin. The increase in gain margin on SBA loans was primarily due to the temporary increase of SBA guaranteed portion until September 30, 2021 under the Economic Aid Act. The Company sold SBA loans of 126.8 million with a gain of 12.8 million, residential property loans of 10.4 million with a gain of 151 thousand and certain commercial property loans of 8.6 million with a gain of 6 thousand during the year ended December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company sold SBA loans of 89.8 million with a gain of 6.0 million and residential property loans of 51.9 million with a gain of 489 thousand. 
 Other income included wire and remittance fees of 596 thousand and 530 thousand, respectively, and debit card interchange fees of 306 thousand and 252 thousand, respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. 
 54 

Noninterest Expense 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 The following table presents the components of noninterest expense for the periods indicated: 
 Year Ended December 31, Amount Change Percentage Change in thousands) 2022 2021 Salaries and employee benefits 33,056 27,974 5,082 18.2 Occupancy and equipment 6,481 5,575 906 16.3 Professional fees 2,239 2,159 80 3.7 Marketing and business promotion 2,150 1,656 494 29.8 Data processing 1,706 1,572 134 8.5 Director fees and expenses 706 594 112 18.9 Regulatory assessments 597 537 60 11.2 Other expenses 4,191 3,141 1,050 33.4 Total noninterest expense 51,126 43,208 7,918 18.3 
 Salaries and employee benefits increased primarily due to increases in wages, vacation accrual, and other employee benefits, partially offset by decreases in incentives tied to LPO originated SBA loan sales and loan origination cost, which offsets the recognition of salaries. The number of full-time equivalent employees averaged 268.3 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 247.9 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Occupancy and equipment expense increased primarily due to new branch openings. The Company opened 3 new branches in Dallas and Carrollton, Texas, and Palisades Park, New Jersey during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Professional fees increased primarily due to the additional legal expenses associated with the on-going legal matters related to the 2021 Network and Data Incident, partially offset by a decrease in internal audit fees. 
 Marketing and business promotion expense increased primarily due to increased marketing activities and advertisement. 
 Data processing expense increased primarily due to an increase in processing costs from a greater number of accounts and transactions. 
 Director fees and expenses increased primarily due to a new director appointed during the fourth quarter of 2021. 
 Regulatory assessment expense increased primarily due to an increase in balance sheet. 
 Other expense included other loan related legal expenses of 389 thousand and 302 thousand, respectively, armed guard expense of 656 thousand and 546 thousand, respectively, office expenses of 1.9 million and 1.4 million, respectively, and provision (reversal) for unfunded loan commitments was 85 thousand and (24) thousand, respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 55 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 The following table presents the components of noninterest expense for the periods indicated: 
 Year Ended December 31, Amount Change Percentage Change in thousands) 2021 2020 Salaries and employee benefits 27,974 26,147 1,827 7.0 Occupancy and equipment 5,575 5,620 (45) (0.8) Professional fees 2,159 2,256 (97) (4.3) Marketing and business promotion 1,656 1,360 296 21.8 Data processing 1,572 1,472 100 6.8 Director fees and expenses 594 599 (5) (0.8) Regulatory assessments 537 978 (441) (45.1) Other expenses 3,141 3,267 (126) (3.9) Total noninterest expense 43,208 41,699 1,509 3.6 
 Salaries and employee benefits increased primarily due to increases in wages, bonus accrual, and incentives tied to LPO originated SBA loan sales, partially offset by decreases in vacation and stock compensation expense. The number of full-time equivalent employees averaged 247.9 for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 251.8 for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 Occupancy and equipment expense decreased primarily due to a decrease in depreciation, partially offset by an increase in equipment maintenance expense. 
 Professional fees decreased primarily due to a decrease in expense related to enhancement of the Bank's controls and processes on BSA/AML compliance programs, partially offset by an increase in audit fees. 
 Marketing and business promotion expense increased primarily due to increased marketing activities and advertisement. 
 Data processing expense increased primarily due to an increase in processing costs from a greater number of accounts and transactions. 
 Director fees and expenses decreased primarily due to a severance payment of 45 thousand for a former director during the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 Regulatory assessment expense decreased primarily due to a decrease in assessment rate, partially offset by an increase in balance sheet. 
 Other expense decreased primarily due to a decrease in other loan related legal expense, partially offset by an increase in armed guard expenses. Other loan related legal expenses were 302 thousand and 426 thousand, respectively, and armed guard expense of 546 thousand and 506 thousand, respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Other expenses also included office expenses of 1.4 million and 1.4 million, respectively, and reversal for unfunded loan commitments was 24 thousand and 63 thousand, respectively for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Income Tax Expense 
 Income tax expense was 14.4 million, 16.9 million and 6.8 million, respectively, and the effective tax rate was 29.2 , 29.6 and 29.7 , respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 56 

Financial Condition 
 
 Investment Securities 
 
 On June 30, 2020, the Company transferred securities held-to-maturity to securities available-for-sale as a part of the Company s liquidity management plan in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. Management determined that its securities held-to-maturity no longer adhere to the Company s current liquidity management plan and could be sold to potentially improve the Company s liquidity position. Accordingly, the Company was no longer able to assert that it had the intent to hold these securities until maturity and the Company s ability to assert that it has the intent and ability to hold to maturity debt securities will be limited for up to two years from the date of transfer. The Company transferred all securities held-to-maturity of 18.8 million to securities available-for-sale, which resulted in a pre-tax increase to accumulated other comprehensive income of 787 thousand. 
 The following table presents the amortized cost and fair value of the investment securities portfolio as of the dates indicated: 
 December 31, 
 2022 2021 in thousands) Amortized Cost Fair Value 
 Unrealized Gain (Loss) Amortized Cost Fair Value 
 Unrealized Gain (Loss) Securities available-for-sale: U.S. government agency and U.S. government sponsored enterprise securities: Mortgage-backed securities 109,497 96,900 (12,597) 85,346 84,713 (633) Collateralized mortgage obligations 28,515 26,956 (1,559) 18,990 19,056 66 SBA loan pool securities 9,704 9,298 (406) 8,520 8,672 152 Municipal bonds 4,262 4,186 (76) 5,329 5,686 357 Corporate bonds 5,000 4,523 (477) 5,000 5,071 71 Total securities available-for-sale 156,978 141,863 (15,115) 123,185 123,198 13 
 Total carrying value of investment securities were 141.9 million at December 31, 2022, an increase of 18.7 million, or 15.2 , from 123.2 million at December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily due to purchases of 57.4 million, partially offset by principal paydowns and calls of 23.2 million, a decrease in fair value of securities available-for-sale of 15.1 million and net premium amortization of 367 thousand. 
 All individual securities in a continuous unrealized loss position for 12 months or more as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 had an investment grade rating upon purchase. The issuers of these securities have not established any cause for default on these securities and various rating agencies have reaffirmed their long-term investment grade status as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. These securities have fluctuated in value since their purchase dates as market interest rates fluctuated. The Company does not intend to sell these securities and it is more likely than not that the Company will not be required to sell before the recovery of its amortized cost basis. The Company determined that the investment securities with unrealized losses for twelve months or more are not other-than-temporary impaired, and, therefore, no impairment was recognized at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 57 

The following table presents the contractual maturity schedule for securities, at amortized cost, and their weighted-average yields as of the date indicated. Weighted-average yields are based upon the amortized cost of securities and are calculated using the interest method which takes into consideration of premium amortization and discount accretion. Weighted-average yields on tax-exempt debt securities exclude the federal income tax benefit. 
 December 31, 2022 Within One Year More than One Year through Five Years More than Five Years through Ten Years More than Ten Years Total in thousands) Amortized Cost Weighted-Average Yield Amortized Cost Weighted-Average Yield Amortized Cost Weighted-Average Yield Amortized Cost Weighted-Average Yield Amortized Cost Weighted-Average Yield Securities available-for-sale: U.S. government agency and U.S. government sponsored enterprise securities: Mortgage-backed securities 33 1.00 1,410 1.67 9,011 1.96 99,043 2.51 109,497 2.45 Collateralized mortgage obligations 1,529 4.17 6,479 4.49 20,507 3.27 28,515 3.60 SBA loan pool securities 234 2.58 3,153 3.12 6,317 2.73 9,704 2.86 Municipal bonds 960 2.13 870 3.26 81 2.99 2,351 3.53 4,262 3.15 Corporate bonds 5,000 3.75 5,000 3.75 Total securities available-for-sale 993 2.10 4,043 3.01 23,724 3.19 128,218 2.66 156,978 2.75 
 
 58 

Loans Held-For-Investment and Allowance for Loan Losses 
 
 The following table presents the composition of the Company s loans held-for-investment as of the dates indicated: 
 December 31, 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 in thousands) Amount Percentage to Total Amount Percentage to Total Amount Percentage to Total Amount Percentage to Total Amount Percentage to Total Real estate loans: 
 Commercial property 1,288,392 63.0 1,105,843 63.9 880,736 55.5 803,014 55.4 709,409 53.1 Residential property 333,726 16.3 209,485 12.1 198,431 12.5 235,046 16.3 233,816 17.5 SBA property 134,892 6.6 129,661 7.5 126,570 8.0 129,837 8.9 120,939 9.0 Construction 17,054 0.8 8,252 0.5 15,199 1.0 19,164 1.3 27,323 2.0 Total real estate loans 1,774,064 86.7 1,453,241 84.0 1,220,936 77.0 1,187,061 81.9 1,091,487 81.6 Commercial and industrial loans: 
 Commercial term 77,700 3.8 73,438 4.2 87,250 5.5 103,380 7.1 102,133 7.6 Commercial lines of credit 154,142 7.5 100,936 5.8 96,087 6.1 111,768 7.7 91,994 6.9 SBA commercial term 16,211 0.8 17,640 1.0 21,878 1.4 25,332 1.7 27,147 2.0 SBA PPP 1,197 0.1 65,329 3.8 135,654 8.6 Total commercial and industrial loans 249,250 12.2 257,343 14.8 340,869 21.6 240,480 16.5 221,274 16.5 Other consumer loans 
 22,749 1.1 21,621 1.2 21,773 1.4 23,290 1.6 25,921 1.9 Loans held-for-investment 
 2,046,063 100.0 1,732,205 100.0 1,583,578 100.0 1,450,831 100.0 1,338,682 100.0 Allowance for loan losses 
 (24,942) (22,381) (26,510) (14,380) (13,167) Net loans held-for-investment 
 2,021,121 1,709,824 1,557,068 1,436,451 1,325,515 
 Loans held-for-investment were 2.05 billion at December 31, 2022, an increase of 313.9 million, or 18.1 , from 1.73 billion at December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily due to new funding of 631.9 million and advances of 162.4 million, partially offset by paydowns and payoffs of 474.8 million, transfers to loans held-for-sale of 4.5 million and charge-offs of 1.2 million. The increase for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily due to increases in commercial and residential property loans, and commercial lines of credit, partially offset by a decrease in SBA PPP loans. 
 59 

The following table shows the contractual maturities of loans held-for-investment and the distribution between fixed and floating interest rate loans at the date indicated: 
 December 31, 2022 in thousands) Within One Year 
 Due After One Year to Five Years Due After Five Years to 15 Years Due After 15 Years 
 Total Real estate loans: Commercial property 133,539 701,285 451,827 1,741 1,288,392 Residential property 333,726 333,726 SBA property 10 9,386 125,496 134,892 Construction 17,054 17,054 Total real estate loans 150,593 701,295 461,213 460,963 1,774,064 Commercial and industrial loans: Commercial term 5,341 44,289 28,070 77,700 Commercial lines of credit 137,137 17,005 154,142 SBA commercial term 101 4,200 11,910 16,211 SBA PPP 1,197 1,197 Total commercial and industrial loans 142,579 66,691 39,980 249,250 Other consumer loans 1,999 19,955 795 22,749 Loans held-for-investment 295,171 787,941 501,988 460,963 2,046,063 Loans with variable (floating) interest rates 
 255,515 247,590 109,419 157,141 769,665 Loans with adjustable (fixed to floating) interest rates 107,735 390,231 302,901 800,867 Loans with predetermined (fixed) interest rates 39,656 432,616 2,338 921 475,531 Total 295,171 787,941 501,988 460,963 2,046,063 
 
 60 

Loan Modifications Related to the COVID-19 Pandemic 
 Loan Modifications Related to the COVID-19 Pandemic: As a part of the CARES Act, the temporal relief from TDRs provided an option for financial institutions to suspend the GAAP requirements and regulatory determinations for loan modifications related to the COVID-19 pandemic that would otherwise be categorized as a TDR from March 1, 2020, through the earlier of 60 days after the date of the COVID-19 National Emergency comes to an end or December 31, 2020. 
 On April 7, 2020, the federal banking regulators also issued the Interagency Statement to encourage banks to work prudently with borrowers and describe the banking regulators interpretation of how accounting rules for TDR apply to certain modifications related to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 On December 27, 2020, the Economic Aid Act was signed into law, which extended the applicable period of the temporary relief from TDRs under the CARES Act to the earlier of 60 days after the date of the COVID-19 National Emergency comes to an end or January 1, 2022. 
 As of December 31, 2021, there were no loans under modified terms related to the COIVD-19 pandemic. 
 The following table presents the risk categories and accrued interest receivable for loans previously modified in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, but that have reverted back to previous contractual payment terms as of the dates indicated: 
 Carrying Value Per Risk Category Accrued Interest Receivable in thousands) Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total December 31, 2022 Real estate loans: Commercial property 217,447 2,767 366 220,580 702 Residential property 18,128 372 18,500 410 SBA property 3,024 245 3,269 19 Commercial and industrial loans: Commercial term 16,391 760 979 18,130 85 SBA commercial term 1,222 36 1,258 4 Other consumer loans 365 365 1 Total 256,577 3,772 1,753 262,102 1,221 December 31, 2021 Real estate loans: Commercial property 291,759 11,739 1,525 305,023 730 Residential property 25,620 25,620 537 SBA property 3,683 251 3,934 15 Commercial and industrial loans: Commercial term 29,744 3,563 1,114 34,421 84 SBA commercial term 1,663 57 1,720 6 Other consumer loans 699 699 2 Total 353,168 15,553 2,696 371,417 1,374 
 All of these loans under modified terms related to the COVID-19 pandemic were accounted for under section 4013 of the CARES Act and not considered TDRs. All types of modifications have initial modification terms of 6-months or less and loans that were granted modifications related to the COVID-19 pandemic in excess of 6 months, on a cumulative basis, were classified as special mention or substandard. There were a nonaccrual residential property loan of 372 thousand and a 30 to 59 past due but still accruing other consumer loan of 15 thousand as of December 31, 2022. All of these loans were current as of December 31, 2021. 
 61 

Allowance for loan losses 
 The following table reflects allocation of the allowance for loan losses by loan category and the ratio of each loan category to total loans as of the dates indicated: 
 December 31, 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 in thousands) Allowance for Loan Losses Percentage of Loans to Total Loans Allowance for Loan Losses Percentage of Loans to Total Loans Allowance for Loan Losses Percentage of Loans to Total Loans Allowance for Loan Losses Percentage of Loans to Total Loans Allowance for Loan Losses Percentage of Loans to Total Loans Real estate loans: Commercial property 14,059 63.0 13,586 63.9 13,810 55.5 6,942 55.4 6,216 53.1 Residential property 3,691 16.3 1,869 12.1 2,680 12.5 1,167 16.3 1,152 17.5 SBA property 1,326 6.6 1,253 7.5 2,179 8.0 1,446 8.9 1,225 9.0 Construction 151 0.8 89 0.5 225 1.0 299 1.3 511 2.0 Total real estate loans 19,227 86.7 16,797 84.0 18,894 77.0 9,854 81.9 9,104 81.6 Commercial and industrial loans: Commercial term 2,100 3.8 2,715 4.2 4,090 5.5 1,848 7.1 1,525 7.6 Commercial lines of credit 3,036 7.5 2,071 5.8 2,359 6.1 1,805 7.7 1,443 6.9 SBA commercial term 366 0.8 524 1.0 773 1.4 701 1.7 909 2.0 SBA PPP 0.1 3.8 8.6 Total commercial and industrial loans 5,502 12.2 5,310 14.8 7,222 21.6 4,354 16.5 3,877 16.5 Other consumer loans 213 1.1 274 1.2 394 1.4 172 1.6 186 1.9 Total 24,942 100.0 22,381 100.0 26,510 100.0 14,380 100.0 13,167 100.0 Allowance for loan losses to loans held-for-investment 1.22 1.29 1.67 0.99 0.98 Allowance for loan losses to loans held-for-investment, excluding SBA PPP loans (1) 
 1.22 1.34 1.83 0.99 0.98 
 (1) This ratio is not presented in accordance with GAAP. See "Non-GAAP measure" for reconciliation of this measure to its most comparable GAAP measure. 
 The SBA guarantee on PPP loans cannot be separated from the loan and therefore is not a separate unit of account. The Company considered the SBA guarantee in the allowance for loan losses evaluation and determined that it is not required to reserve an allowance on SBA PPP loans. 
 The increase in allowance for loan losses for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily due to an increase in gross loan balance and changes in qualitative adjustment factors related to current economic conditions. The decrease for the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily due to a decrease in qualitative adjustment factor allocations related to economic implications of the COVID-19 pandemic. The increase for the year ended December 31, 2020 was primarily due to increased risks associated with economic and business conditions, as well as increases in special mention and substandard loans, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. 

62 

The following tables present net charge-offs as a percentage to the average loan held for investment balances in each of the loan categories for the periods indicated: 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 in thousands) Average Balance Net Charge-offs (Recoveries) Percentage Average Balance Net Charge-offs (Recoveries) Percentage Average Balance Net Charge-offs (Recoveries) Percentage Real estate loans: Commercial property 1,201,405 983,129 826,288 Residential property 261,576 197,741 221,296 SBA property 115,488 125,051 (39) (0.03) 124,996 117 0.09 Construction 12,202 12,715 20,285 Total real estate loans 1,590,671 1,318,636 (39) (0.01) 1,192,865 117 0.01 Commercial and industrial loans: Commercial term 74,934 (8) (0.01) 77,383 (200) (0.26) 97,247 (96) (0.10) Commercial lines of credit 111,864 1,063 0.95 92,874 (146) (0.16) 100,154 709 0.71 SBA commercial term 16,262 (21) (0.13) 19,390 (104) (0.54) 23,868 255 1.07 SBA PPP 13,732 150,043 92,818 Total commercial and industrial loans 216,792 1,034 0.48 339,690 (450) (0.13) 314,087 868 0.28 Other consumer loans 21,991 7 0.03 21,101 22 0.10 22,033 104 0.47 Total loans held-for-investment 1,829,454 1,041 0.06 1,679,427 (467) (0.03) 1,528,985 1,089 0.07 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2019 2018 in thousands) Average Balance Net Charge-offs (Recoveries) Percentage Average Balance Net Charge-offs (Recoveries) Percentage Real estate loans: Commercial property 744,513 683,739 4 0.01 Residential property 237,825 200,061 SBA property 125,785 25 0.02 129,472 164 0.13 Construction 22,384 26,907 Total real estate loans 1,130,507 25 0.01 1,040,179 168 0.02 Commercial and industrial loans: Commercial term 104,427 179 0.17 86,168 (170) (0.20) Commercial lines of credit 93,344 2,597 2.78 69,080 (28) (0.04) SBA commercial term 25,911 196 0.76 28,950 114 0.39 Total commercial and industrial loans 223,682 2,972 1.33 184,198 (84) (0.05) Other consumer loans 22,884 27 0.12 30,135 204 0.68 Total loans held-for-investment 1,377,073 3,024 0.22 1,254,512 288 0.02 
 63 

Loans 30 to 89 Days Past Due and Still Accruing 
 The following table presents a summary of loans 30 to 89 days past due and still accruing as of the dates indicated: 
 December 31, in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Real estate loans: Residential property 461 182 697 95 SBA property 794 183 Total real estate loans 461 182 1,491 278 Commercial and industrial loans: SBA commercial term 189 Total commercial and industrial loans 189 Other consumer loans 134 93 156 138 99 Total 134 554 338 1,818 377 
 Nonperforming Loans and Nonperforming Assets 
 The following table presents a summary of total NPLs and NPAs as of the dates indicated: 
 December 31, in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Nonaccrual loans held-for-investment: Real estate loans: Commercial property 2,400 524 Residential property 372 189 302 SBA property 585 746 885 442 540 Total real estate loans 3,357 746 1,598 442 842 Commercial and industrial loans: Commercial lines of credit 904 1,888 SBA commercial term 213 595 159 203 Total commercial and industrial loans 213 1,499 2,047 203 Other consumer loans 3 35 66 48 16 Total nonaccrual loans held-for-investment 3,360 994 3,163 2,537 1,061 Loans past due 90 days or more still on accrual 287 NPLs held-for-investment 3,360 994 3,163 2,824 1,061 NPLs held-for-sale 4,000 Total NPLs 7,360 994 3,163 2,824 1,061 Other real estate owned 
 1,401 NPAs 7,360 994 4,564 2,824 1,061 Nonaccrual loans held-for-investment to loans held-for-investment 0.16 0.06 0.20 0.17 0.08 NPLs held-for-investment to loans held-for-investment 0.16 0.06 0.20 0.19 0.08 Allowance for loan losses to: Nonaccrual loans held-for-investment 742.32 2,251.61 838.13 566.81 1,241.00 NPLs held-for-investment 742.32 2,251.61 838.13 509.21 1,241.00 NPAs to total assets 0.30 0.05 0.24 0.16 0.06 
 Total nonaccrual loans held-for-investment were 3.4 million at December 31, 2022, an increase of 2.4 million, or 238.0 , from 994 thousand at December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily due to loans placed on nonaccrual status during the year ended December 31, 2022 of 7.4 million, partially offset by payoffs and paydowns of 966 thousand, loans transferred to loans held-for-sale of 4.0 million and charge-offs of 35 thousand. 
 
 64 

Loans are generally placed on nonaccrual status when they become 90 days past due, unless management believes the loan is well secured and in the process of collection. Past due loans may or may not be adequately collateralized, but collection efforts are continuously pursued. Loans may be restructured by management when a borrower experiences changes to their financial condition, causing an inability to meet the original repayment terms, and where management believe the borrower will eventually overcome those circumstances and repay the loan in full. 
 Additional income of approximately 305 thousand would have been recorded during the year ended December 31, 2022, had these loans been paid in accordance with their original terms throughout the periods indicated. 
 CRE Concentration 
 The Bank has policies and procedures in place to monitor compliance with the CRE Concentration Guidance. The Bank has set targets for CRE concentration limits as a percentage of total capital in accordance with interagency guidelines and actively manages the Bank s exposure to CRE lending. The Bank s construction and land development loans remain a small portion of the loan portfolio and as a percentage of total capital (as defined by the federal bank regulators) were 6.2 and 5.8 , respectively, at December 31, 2022 and 2021. As of December 31, 2022, using regulatory definitions in the CRE Concentration Guidance, CRE loans represented 253.9 of total risk-based capital, as compared to 269.8 , 256.1 , 243.6 and 253.6 as of December 31, 2021, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. 
 The management believes that the Bank has a robust risk management framework in place for CRE concentration issues including board approved CRE concentration contingency plans. The CRE concentration contingency plan contains overview of the Bank s strategies to mitigate and manage the concentration risks including the plans to maintain stable capital levels, having access to additional capital, maintaining adequate amount of allowance for loan losses, potentially implementing more conservative growth/lending strategies if necessary, maintaining liquidity within the CRE portfolio, and strengthening the loan workout infrastructure. 
 
 Troubled Debt Restructurings 
 Loans that the Bank modifies or restructures where the debtor is experiencing financial difficulties and makes a concession to the borrower in the form of changes in the amortization terms, reductions in the interest rates, the acceptance of interest only payments and, in limited cases, reductions in the outstanding loan balances are classified as TDRs. TDRs are loans modified for the purpose of alleviating temporary impairments to the borrower s financial condition. A workout plan between a borrower and the Bank is designed to provide a bridge for the cash flow shortfalls in the near term. If the borrower works through the near term issues, in most cases, the original contractual terms of the loan will be reinstated. The following table presents the composition of loans that were modified as TDRs by portfolio segment as of the dates indicated: 
 December 31, in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Real estate loans: 
 Commercial property 319 326 333 339 SBA property 215 259 275 415 315 Total real estate loans 534 585 608 754 315 Commercial and industrial loans: 
 Commercial term 2 18 28 68 SBA commercial term 6 13 39 180 Total commercial and industrial loans 8 31 67 248 Total TDRs 
 534 593 639 821 563 Total nonaccrual TDRs, included above 
 17 5 121 131 
 Total TDRs were 534 thousand at December 31, 2022, a decrease of 59 thousand, or 9.9 , from 593 thousand at December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily due to payoffs and paydowns of 54 thousand and charge-offs of 5 thousand. There were no new TDRs for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 65 

Loans Held-For-Sale 
 Loans held-for-sale are carried at the lower of cost or fair value. When a determination is made at the time of commitment to originate as held-for-investment, it is the Company s intent to hold these loans to maturity or for the foreseeable future, subject to periodic reviews under the Company s management evaluation processes, including asset/liability management and credit risk management. When the Company subsequently changes its intent to hold certain loans, the loans are transferred to held-for-sale at the lower of cost or fair value. Certain loans are transferred to held-for-sale with write-downs to allowance for loan losses. 
 The following table presents the composition of the Company s loans held-for-sale as of the dates indicated: 
 December 31, in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Real estate loans: 
 Residential property 300 760 SBA property 16,473 33,603 1,411 150 5,481 Commercial and industrial loans: 
 Commercial lines of credit 
 4,000 SBA commercial term 2,338 3,423 268 1,065 300 Loans held-for-sale 
 22,811 37,026 1,979 1,975 5,781 
 Loans held-for-sale were 22.8 million at December 31, 2022, a decrease of 14.2 million, or 38.4 , from 37.0 million at December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily due to sales of 123.7 million, partially offset by originations of 105.6 million and transfers from loans held-for-investment of 4.5 million. 
 
 66 

Deposits 
 The Bank gathers deposits primarily through its branch locations. The Bank offers a variety of deposit products including demand deposits accounts, NOW and money market accounts, savings accounts and time deposits. The following table presents a summary of the Company s deposit as of the dates indicated: 
 December 31, Amount Change Percentage Change in thousands) 2022 2021 Noninterest-bearing demand deposits 
 734,989 830,383 (95,394) (11.5) Interest-bearing deposits: 
 Savings 
 8,579 16,299 (7,720) (47.4) NOW 
 11,405 20,185 (8,780) (43.5) Retail money market accounts 
 494,749 386,041 108,708 28.2 Brokered money market accounts 
 8 1 7 700.0 Retail time deposits of: 
 250,000 or less 
 295,354 256,956 38,398 14.9 More than 250,000 
 353,876 172,269 181,607 105.4 Brokered time deposits 
 87,023 85,000 2,023 2.4 Time deposits from California State Treasurer 
 60,000 100,000 (40,000) (40.0) Total interest-bearing deposits 
 1,310,994 1,036,751 274,243 26.5 Total deposits 
 2,045,983 1,867,134 178,849 9.6 Total deposits not covered by deposit insurance 1,062,111 919,584 142,527 15.5 Time deposits not covered by deposit insurance 293,951 216,269 77,682 35.9 
 The decrease in noninterest-bearing demand deposits was primarily due to strong deposit market competition and the migration of noninterest-bearing demand deposits to money market accounts and time deposits attributable to the rising market rates. To remain competitive in this rising interest rate environment, the Bank started to offer higher rates on deposit products to retain and attract new customers. 
 The increase in retail time deposits was primarily due to new accounts of 636.7 million, renewals of the matured accounts of 602.9 million, and balance increases of 23.4 million, partially offset by matured and closed accounts of 1.04 billion. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, total deposits were comprised of 35.9 and 44.5 , respectively, of noninterest-bearing demand accounts, 25.2 and 22.6 , respectively, of savings, NOW and money market accounts and 38.9 and 32.9 , respectively, of time deposits. 
 The following table presents the maturity of time deposits as of the dates indicated: 
 in thousands) Three Months or Less Three to Six Months Six Months to One Year One to Three Years Total December 31, 2022 Time deposits of 250,000 or less 71,740 71,808 229,127 9,702 382,377 Time deposits of more than 250,000 
 137,312 35,812 239,257 1,495 413,876 Total 209,052 107,620 468,384 11,197 796,253 Not covered by deposit insurance 112,437 26,749 153,209 1,556 293,951 December 31, 2021 Time deposits of 250,000 or less 143,594 60,686 129,627 8,049 341,956 Time deposits of more than 250,000 
 156,502 57,301 55,304 3,162 272,269 Total 300,096 117,987 184,931 11,211 614,225 Not covered by deposit insurance 136,219 38,229 38,780 3,041 216,269 
 67 

Shareholders Equity and Regulatory Capital 
 Capital Resources 
 Shareholders equity is influenced primarily by earnings, dividends paid on common stock and preferred stock, sales and redemptions of common stock and preferred stock, and changes in accumulated other comprehensive income caused primarily by fluctuations in unrealized gains or losses, net of taxes, on securities available-for-sale. 
 Shareholders equity was 335.4 million at December 31, 2022, an increase of 79.2 million, or 30.9 , from 256.3 million at December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily due to the net income of 35.0 million, issuance of preferred stock of 69.1 million and stock options exercised of 840 thousand, partially offset by repurchase of common stock of 6.7 million, cash dividends declared on common stock of 8.9 million and an increase in other comprehensive loss from the fair value change in securities available-for-sale of 10.7 million. 
 Regulatory Capital Requirements 
 The following table presents a summary of the capital requirements applicable to the Bank in order to be considered well-capitalized from a regulatory perspective as of the dates indicated. For comparison purpose, the Company s ratios are included as well, all of which would have exceeded the well-capitalized level had the Company been subject to separate capital minimums. 
 PCB Bancorp PCB Bank Minimum Regulatory Requirements Well Capitalized Requirements (Bank) December 31, 2022 Common tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets) 13.29 16.30 4.5 6.5 Total capital (to risk-weighted assets) 17.83 17.52 8.0 10.0 Tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets) 16.62 16.30 6.0 8.0 Tier 1 capital (to average assets) 14.33 14.05 4.0 5.0 December 31, 2021 Common tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets) 14.79 14.48 4.5 6.5 Total capital (to risk-weighted assets) 16.04 15.73 8.0 10.0 Tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets) 14.79 14.48 6.0 8.0 Tier 1 capital (to average assets) 12.11 11.85 4.0 5.0 
 The Company and the Bank s capital conservation buffer was 8.79 and 9.52 , respectively, as of December 31, 2022, and 8.04 and 7.73 , respectively, as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 Emergency Capital Investment Program 
 On May 24, 2022, the Company issued 69,141 shares of Series C Preferred Stock for the capital investment of 69.1 million from the U.S. Treasury under the ECIP. ECIP investment is treated as tier 1 capital for the regulatory capital treatment. 
 The Series C Preferred Stock bears no dividend for the first 24 months following the investment date. Thereafter, the dividend rate will be adjusted based on the lending growth criteria listed in the terms of the ECIP investment with the annual dividend rate up to 2 . After the tenth anniversary of the investment date, the dividend rate will be fixed based on the average annual amount of lending in years 2 through 10. Dividends will be payable quarterly in arrears on March 15, June 15, September 15, and December 15. 
 The Series C Preferred Stock may be redeemed at the option of the Company on or after the fifth anniversary of issuance (or earlier in the event of loss of regulatory capital treatment), subject to the approval of the appropriate federal banking regulator and in accordance with the federal banking agencies regulatory capital regulations. 
 Established by the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021, the ECIP was created to encourage low- and moderate-income community financial institutions and minority depository institutions to provide loans, grants, and forbearance for small businesses, minority-owned businesses, and consumers, especially low-income and underserved communities, including persistent poverty counties, that may be disproportionately impacted by the economic effect of the COVID-19 pandemic by providing direct and indirect capital investments in low- and moderate-income community financial institutions. 
 
 68 

Stock Repurchase 
 On March 28, 2019, the Company s Board of Directors approved the repurchase of up to 6.5 million of the Company s common stock through March 27, 2020. During the year ended December 31, 2019, the Company completed the repurchase program, and repurchased and retired 396,715 shares of common stock at a weighted-average price of 16.33 per share. 
 On January 23, 2020, the Company announced that on November 22, 2019, its Board of Directors approved a 6.5 million stock repurchase program to commence upon the opening of the Company s trading window for the first quarter of 2020 and continue through November 20, 2021. The Company completed the repurchase program in March 2020. The Company repurchased and retired 428,474 shares of common stock at a weighted-average price of 15.14 per share. 
 On April 8, 2021, the Company s Board of Directors approved a repurchase program authorizing the repurchase of up to 5 of the Company s outstanding common stock as of the date of the board meeting, which represented 775,000 shares, through September 7, 2021. The Company repurchased and retired 680,269 shares of common stock at a weighted-average price of 15.99 per share, totaling 10.9 million under this repurchase program. 
 On July 28, 2022, the Company s Board of Directors approved a repurchase program authorizing for the repurchase of up to 5 of the Company s outstanding common stock as of the date of the board meeting, which represented 747,938 shares, through February 1, 2023. The Company repurchased and retired 362,557 shares of common stock at a weighted-average price of 18.57 per share, totaling 6.7 million under this repurchase program as of December 31, 2022. On January 26, 2023, the Company announced an amendment to the repurchase program, which extended the program expiration from February 1, 2023 to February 1, 2024. 
 69 

Liquidity 
 Liquidity refers to the measure of ability to meet the cash flow requirements of depositors and borrowers, while at the same time meeting operating, capital and strategic cash flow needs, all at a reasonable cost. The Company continuously monitors its liquidity position to ensure that assets and liabilities are managed in a manner that will meet all short-term and long-term cash requirements, while maintaining an appropriate balance between assets and liabilities to meet the return on investment objectives of the Company s shareholders. 
 The Company s liquidity position is supported by management of liquid assets and liabilities and access to alternative sources of funds. Liquid assets include cash, interest-bearing deposits in financial institutions, federal funds sold, and unpledged securities available-for-sale. Liquid liabilities may include core deposits, federal funds purchased, securities sold under repurchase agreements and other borrowings. Other sources of liquidity include the sale of loans, the ability to acquire additional national market noncore deposits, additional collateralized borrowings such as FHLB advances and Federal Reserve Discount Window, and the issuance of debt securities and preferred or common securities. 
 The Company s short-term and long-term liquidity requirements are primarily to fund on-going operations, including payment of interest on deposits and debt, extensions of credit to borrowers, capital expenditures and shareholder dividends. These liquidity requirements are met primarily through cash flow from operations, redeployment of prepaying and maturing balances in loan and investment securities portfolios, increases in debt financing and other borrowings, and increases in customer deposits. 
 Integral to the Company s liquidity management is the administration of borrowings. To the extent the Company is unable to obtain sufficient liquidity through core deposits, the Company seeks to meet its liquidity needs through wholesale funding or other borrowings on either a short- or long-term basis. 
 The following table presents a summary of the Company s liquidity position as of the dates indicated: 
 December 31, Amount Change Percentage Change in thousands) 2022 2021 Cash and cash equivalents 147,031 203,285 (56,254) (27.7) Cash and cash equivalents to total assets 6.1 9.5 Available borrowing capacity: FHLB advances 561,745 516,158 45,587 8.8 Federal Reserve Discount Window 23,902 29,198 (5,296) (18.1) Overnight federal funds lines 65,000 65,000 Total 650,647 610,356 40,291 6.6 Total available borrowing capacity to total assets 26.9 28.4 
 The Company also maintains relationships in the capital markets with brokers and dealers to issue time deposits and money market accounts. 
 On June 30, 2020, the Company also transferred securities held-to-maturity of 18.8 million to securities available-for-sale in order to secure additional liquidity on balance sheet. Since the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic, management has been able to maintain strong on-and off-balance sheet liquidity as a result of proactive liquidity management in response to the COVID-19 pandemic evidenced by the fact that the Company maintained strong liquidity, well within its policy for liquidity management. 
 PCB Bancorp, on a stand-alone holding company basis, must provide for its own liquidity and its main source of funding is dividends from the Bank. There are statutory, regulatory and debt covenant limitations that affect the ability of the Bank to pay dividends to the holding company. Management believes that these limitations will not impact the Company s ability to meet its ongoing short- and long-term cash obligations. 
 70 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 The Company has limited off-balance sheet arrangements that have, or are reasonably likely to have, a current or future material effect on financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 
 In the ordinary course of business, the Company enters into financial commitments to meet the financing needs of its customers. These financial commitments include commitments to extend credit, unused lines of credit, commercial and similar letters of credit and standby letters of credit. Those instruments involve to varying degrees, elements of credit and interest rate risk not recognized in the Company s financial statements. 
 The Company s exposure to loan loss in the event of nonperformance on these financial commitments is represented by the contractual amount of those instruments. The Company uses the same credit policies in making commitments as it does for loans reflected in the financial statements. 
 Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. Since many of the commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. The Company evaluates each client s credit worthiness on a case-by-case basis. The amount of collateral obtained if deemed necessary is based on management s credit evaluation of the customer. The following table presents outstanding financial commitments whose contractual amount represents credit risk as of the dates indicated: 
 December 31, 2022 2021 in thousands) Fixed Rate Variable Rate Fixed Rate Variable Rate Unused lines of credit 3,117 251,178 8,261 160,739 Unfunded loan commitments 692 38,486 595 29,688 Standby letters of credit 
 2,989 1,901 3,078 1,431 Commercial letters of credit 
 502 91 524 Total 6,798 292,067 12,025 192,382 
 The Company s exposure to loan loss in the event of nonperformance on commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit is represented by the contractual amount of those instruments. The Company uses the same credit policies in making commitments as it does for the loans reflected in the consolidated financial statements. The Company maintained reserve for off-balance sheet items of 299 thousand and 214 thousand, respectively, at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Contractual Obligations 
 The following table presents supplemental information regarding total contractual obligations as of the dates indicated: 
 in thousands) Within One Year One to Three Years Three to Five Years Over Five Years Total December 31, 2022 Time deposits 785,056 11,046 151 796,253 FHLB advances 20,000 20,000 Operating leases 2,718 2,484 1,282 845 7,329 Total 807,774 13,530 1,433 845 823,582 December 31, 2021 Time deposits 603,014 10,850 361 614,225 FHLB advances 10,000 10,000 Operating leases 2,706 3,023 1,235 710 7,674 Total 615,720 13,873 1,596 710 631,899 
 Management believes that the Company will be able to meet its contractual obligations as they come due through the maintenance of adequate cash levels. Management expects to maintain adequate cash levels through profitability, loan and securities repayment and maturity activity and continued deposit gathering activities. The Company has in place various borrowing mechanisms for both short-term and long-term liquidity needs. 
 
 71 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Market risk represents the risk of loss due to changes in market values of assets and liabilities. Market risk occurs in the normal course of business through exposures to market interest rates, equity prices, and credit spreads. 
 Overview 
 Interest rate risk is the risk to earnings and value arising from changes in market interest rates. Interest rate risk arises from timing differences in the repricings and maturities of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities (repricing risk), changes in the expected maturities of assets and liabilities arising from embedded options, such as borrowers ability to prepay residential mortgage loans at any time and depositors ability to redeem certificates of deposit before maturity (option risk), changes in the shape of the yield curve where interest rates increase or decrease in a nonparallel fashion (yield curve risk), and changes in spread relationships between different yield curves, such as U.S. Treasuries and London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR (basis risk). 
 The Company s Board ALCO establishes broad policy limits with respect to interest rate risk. Board ALCO establishes specific operating guidelines within the parameters of the Board of Directors policies. In general, The Company seeks to minimize the impact of changing interest rates on net interest income and the economic values of assets and liabilities. Board ALCO meets quarterly to monitor the level of interest rate risk sensitivity to ensure compliance with the Board of Directors approved risk limits. As discussed earlier, the Company also has a Management ALCO, which is comprised of senior management team and Chief Executive Officer, to proactively monitor interest rate risk. 
 Interest rate risk management is an active process that encompasses monitoring loan and deposit flows complemented by investment and funding activities. Effective management of interest rate risk begins with understanding the dynamic characteristics of assets and liabilities and determining the appropriate interest rate risk posture given business forecasts, management objectives, market expectations, and policy constraints. 
 An asset sensitive position refers to a balance sheet position in which an increase in short-term interest rates is expected to generate higher net interest income, as rates earned on interest-earning assets would reprice upward more quickly than rates paid on interest-bearing liabilities, thus expanding net interest margin. Conversely, a liability sensitive position refers to a balance sheet position in which an increase in short-term interest rates is expected to generate lower net interest income, as rates paid on interest-bearing liabilities would reprice upward more quickly than rates earned on interest-earning assets, thus compressing net interest margin. 
 Measurement 
 Interest rate risk exposure is measured and monitored through various risk management tools, which include a simulation model that performs interest rate sensitivity analyses under multiple interest rate scenarios. Interest rate risk measurement is calculated and reported to the Board ALCO at least quarterly. The information reported includes period-end results and identifies any policy limits exceeded, along with an assessment of the policy limit breach and the action plan and timeline for resolution, mitigation, or assumption of the risk. 
 The Company uses two approaches to model interest rate risk: Net Interest Income at Risk NII at Risk ), and Economic Value of Equity EVE ). Under NII at Risk, net interest income is modeled utilizing various assumptions for assets, liabilities, and derivatives. The Company uses a static balance sheet to perform these analyses. EVE measures the period end market value of assets minus the market value of liabilities and the change in this value as rates change. EVE simulation reflects the effect of interest rate shifts on the value of the Company. In contrast to NII simulation, EVE simulation identifies risks arising from repricing or maturity gaps over the life of the balance sheet. The EVE approach provides a comparatively broader scope than the NII at Risk approach since it captures all anticipated cash flows. 
 The following table presents the projected changes in NII at Risk and EVE that would occur upon an immediate change in interest rates based on independent analysis, but without giving effect to any steps that management might take to counteract that change as of the dates indicated: 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Simulated Rate Changes Net Interest Income Sensitivity Economic Value of Equity Sensitivity Net Interest Income Sensitivity Economic Value of Equity Sensitivity +200 6.9 (0.5) 17.5 10.6 +100 3.6 0.3 8.7 6.2 -100 (4.6) (1.5) (11.7) (6.1) 
 72 

Item 8. Financial Statements 

PCB Bancorp and Subsidiary 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Page 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 74 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 75 
 Consolidated Statements of Income for the Years Ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 20 20 
 76 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 77 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 78 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 79 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 81 

73 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 Shareholders and the Board of Directors of PCB Bancorp 
 Los Angeles, California 
 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of PCB Bancorp and Subsidiary (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 /s/ 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2016. 
 
 March 9, 2023 
 74 

PCB Bancorp and Subsidiary 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (in thousands, except share data) 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Assets Cash and due from banks Interest-bearing deposits in other financial institutions Total cash and cash equivalents Securities available-for-sale, at fair value Loans held-for-sale Loans held-for-investment, net of deferred loan costs (fees) Allowance for loan losses ) ) Net loans held-for-investment Premises and equipment, net Federal Home Loan Bank and other restricted stock, at cost Bank-owned life insurance Deferred tax assets, net Servicing assets Operating lease assets Accrued interest receivable Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Shareholders Equity Deposits: Noninterest-bearing demand Savings, NOW and money market accounts Time deposits of 250,000 or less Time deposits of more than 250,000 Total deposits Federal Home Loan Bank advances Operating lease liabilities Accrued interest payable and other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingent liabilities Preferred stock, shares authorized, no par value: 
 Series C, senior non-cumulative perpetual, per share liquidation preference, and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Common stock, shares authorized, no par value; issued and outstanding and shares, respectively, and included and shares of unvested restricted stock, respectively, at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net ) Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity 
 See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 75 

PCB Bancorp and Subsidiary 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Interest and dividend income: Loans, including fees Tax-exempt investment securities Taxable investment securities Other interest-earning assets Total interest income Interest expense: Deposits Other borrowings Total interest expense Net interest income Provision (reversal) for loan losses ) Net interest income after provision (reversal) for loan losses Noninterest income: Service charges and fees on deposits Loan servicing income Bank-owned life insurance income Gain on sale of loans Other income Total noninterest income Noninterest expense: Salaries and employee benefits Occupancy and equipment Professional fees Marketing and business promotion Data processing Director fees and expenses Regulatory assessments Other expenses Total noninterest expense Income before income taxes Income tax expense Net income Earnings per common share, basic Earnings per common share, diluted Weighted-average common shares outstanding, basic Weighted-average common shares outstanding, diluted 
 See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 76 

PCB Bancorp and Subsidiary 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 (in thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss): Unrealized gain (loss) on securities available-for-sale arising during the year ) ) Unrealized gain arising from the reclassification of securities held-to-maturity to securities available-for-sale Income tax benefit (expense) related to items of other comprehensive income (loss) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Total comprehensive income 
 
 See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 77 

PCB Bancorp and Subsidiary 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity 
 (in thousands, except share data) 
 Shares Outstanding Shareholders Equity Preferred Stock Common Stock Preferred Stock Common stock 
 Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Balance at January 1, 2020 ) Comprehensive income Net income Other comprehensive income, net of tax Issuance of restricted stock Restricted stock surrendered due to employee tax liability ) ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Share-based compensation expense Stock options exercised Cash dividends declared on common stock per share) 
 ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 Comprehensive income (loss) Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Issuance of restricted stock Forfeiture of restricted stock ) Restricted stock surrendered due to employee tax liability ) ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Share-based compensation expense Stock options exercised Cash dividends declared on common stock per share) 
 ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 Comprehensive income (loss) Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Issuance of preferred stock Issuance of restricted stock Forfeiture of restricted stock ) Restricted stock surrendered due to employee tax liability ) ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Share-based compensation expense Stock options exercised Cash dividends declared on common stock per share) 
 ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 78 

PCB Bancorp and Subsidiary 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (in thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Depreciation of premises and equipment Net amortization of premiums on securities Net accretion of discounts on loans ) ) ) Net accretion of deferred loan fees ) ) ) Amortization of servicing assets Provision (reversal) for loan losses ) Bank-owned life insurance income ) ) Deferred tax expense (benefit) ) ) Share-based compensation Gain on sale of loans ) ) ) Originations of loans held-for-sale ) ) ) Proceeds from sales of and principal collected on loans held-for-sale Change in accrued interest receivable and other assets ) ) Change in accrued interest payable and other liabilities ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) Cash flows from investing activities: Purchase of securities available-for-sale ) ) ) Proceeds from maturities, calls, and paydowns of securities available-for-sale Proceeds from maturities, calls, and paydowns of securities held-to-maturity Proceeds from sale of loans held-for-sale previously classified as held-for-investment Net increase in loans held-for-investment ) ) ) Purchase of loans held-for-investment ) Purchase of Federal Home Loan Bank and other restricted stock ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of other real estate owned Purchases of premises and equipment ) ) ) Purchase of bank-owned life insurance ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Net increase in deposits Net change in short-term Federal Home Loan Bank advances Proceeds from long-term Federal Home Loan Bank advances Repayment of long-term Federal Home Loan Bank advances ) ) ) Stock options exercised Restricted stock surrendered due to employee tax liability ) ) ) Issuance of preferred stock Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Cash dividends paid on common stock ) ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 
 See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 79 

PCB Bancorp and Subsidiary 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Continued) 
 (in thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: Interest paid Income taxes paid Supplemental disclosures of non-cash investment activities: Loans transferred to loans held-for-sale Loans transferred to other real estate owned Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations Reclassification of securities held-to-maturity to securities available-for-sale 
 See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 80 

PCB Bancorp and Subsidiary 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 Note 1. 
 full-service branches in Los Angeles and Orange Counties, California, full-service branches on the East Coast (Bayside, New York; and Englewood Cliffs and Palisades Park, New Jersey), and full-service branches in Texas (Carrollton and Dallas), and LPOs in Los Angeles and Orange Counties, California; Annandale, Virginia; Atlanta, Georgia; Aurora, Colorado; Bellevue, Washington; and Carrollton, Texas. The Bank offers a broad range of loans, deposits, and other products and services predominantly to small and middle market businesses and individuals. 
 Basis of Presentation 

Significant Accounting Policies 
 There was reserve and clearing requirement balance at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 million to securities available-for-sale, which resulted in a pre-tax increase to accumulated other comprehensive income of thousand. 
 81 

days past due based on the contractual terms of the loan or when, in the opinion of management, there is reasonable doubt as to collectability. When loans are placed on nonaccrual status, all interest previously accrued but not collected is reversed against current period interest income. Past-due status is based on the contractual terms of the loan. Interest payments that are subsequently received are applied as a reduction to the remaining principal balance as long as concern exists as to the collectability of the principal. Interest accruals are resumed on such loans only when the loans are brought current with respect to interest and principal and when, in the judgment of management, all principal and interest on the loans are expected to be fully collectable. 
 Loan portfolio segments identified by the Company include: real estate (commercial property, residential property, SBA property and construction), commercial and industrial (commercial term, commercial lines of credit, and SBA commercial term), and other consumer loans. 
 
 82 

days for closed loans and days for open-end loans, or earlier when it is determined that the loan is uncollectible due to a triggering event, such as bankruptcy, fraud, or death. This methodology for determining charge-offs is consistently applied to each segment. 
 The allowance consists of general reserves (collectively evaluated for impairment) and specific reserves (individually evaluated for impairment). General reserves cover non-impaired loans and are based on historical loss rates over the most recent years for each portfolio segment, adjusted for the effects of qualitative or environmental factors that are likely to cause estimated credit losses as of the evaluation date to differ from the portfolio segment s historical loss experience. 
 The Company utilizes a migration analysis to measure actual historical loss experience, with the resulting historical loss rate adjusted for any applicable loss emergence period factors serving as the base loss rate to estimate the amount of appropriate loss reserve. Qualitative factors include consideration of the following: changes in lending policies and procedures; changes in economic conditions; changes in the nature and volume of the portfolio; changes in the experience, ability, and depth of lending management and other relevant staff; changes in the volume and severity of past due, nonaccrual, and other adversely graded loans; changes in the loan review system; changes in the value of the underlying collateral for collateral-dependent loans; concentrations of credit and the effect of other external factors such as competition and legal and regulatory requirements. 
 
 83 

for furniture and equipment. Leasehold improvements are amortized using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the improvements or the remaining lease term, whichever is shorter. Expenditures for betterments or major repairs are capitalized and those for ordinary repairs and maintenance are charged to operations as part of occupancy and equipment expense as incurred. 
 . The exercise of a lease renewal option is at the Company s sole discretion. Certain leases with an initial term of 12 months or less are not recorded on the balance sheet and lease expenses for these leases are recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. None of the Company s lease agreements contain any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants. The Company also leases certain equipment, such as copy machines and scanners, but they are determined to be immaterial. 

84 

million and million, respectively, and unfunded commitments were million and thousand, respectively, at December 31, 2022 and 2021. The recorded investment amount is included in Other Assets and unfunded commitment is included in Accrued Interest Payable and Other Liabilities on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. As components of income tax expense, the Company recognized thousand, thousand and thousand in amortization expense, respectively, partially offset by federal tax credits and other benefits of thousand, thousand and thousand, respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. The Company determined that there were no events or changes in circumstances indicating that it is more likely than not that the carrying amount of the investment will not be realized. Therefore, impairment was recorded for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 85 

See Note 12 for additional information on the Company s stock option plan. 
 
 86 

See Note 2 for more information and disclosures relating to the Company s fair value measurements. 
 to of loans held-for-investment. In addition, the Company expects to recognize additional reserve for ACL on off-balance sheet items ranging from million to million. The Company expects to recognize ACL on securities available-for-sale. The adjustment recorded upon adoption of CECL may differ from management s estimated change based on material changes in the economic forecast and conditions, and composition of the loan portfolio used in calculating the ACL upon adoption. This impact will be recorded as a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings as of January 1, 2023. 
 In March 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-02, Financial Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326) - Troubled Debt Restructuring and Vintage Disclosures. The amendments in this ASU eliminate the accounting guidance for TDRs by creditors in ASC 310-40, Receivables - Troubled Debt Restructurings by Creditors, while enhancing disclosure requirements for restructurings involving borrowers that are experiencing financial difficulty. This Update also requires public business entities to disclose current-period gross write-offs by year of origination for financing receivables and net investments in leases. The Company will adopt this ASU with ASU 2016-13. The Company does not expect to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements upon adoption of this ASU. 
 
 87 

Note 2. 
 88 

Collateralized mortgage obligations SBA loan pool securities Municipal bonds Corporate bonds Total securities available-for-sale Total assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis 
 Total liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis 
 December 31, 2021 Securities available-for-sale: 
 U.S. government agency and U.S. government sponsored enterprise securities: Mortgage-backed securities Collateralized mortgage obligations SBA loan pool securities Municipal bonds Corporate bonds Total securities available-for-sale Total assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis 
 Total liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis 
 
 89 

Total impaired loans Total assets measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis 
 Total liabilities measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis 
 December 31, 2021 Impaired loans: SBA property Total impaired loans Total assets measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis 
 Total liabilities measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis 
 
 (1) Included in loans held-for-sale 
 Pending sales agreement NM NM December 31, 2021 Impaired loans: 
 SBA property Fair value of collateral NM NM 
 ) ) Commercial lines of credit ) ) SBA commercial property ) ) Other real estate owned 
 Net gain (losses) recognized ) ) 
 
 90 

91 

Securities available-for-sale Loans held-for-sale Net loans held-for-investment FHLB and other restricted stock N/A N/A N/A N/A Accrued interest receivable Financial liabilities: 
 Deposits FHLB advances Accrued interest payable December 31, 2021 Financial assets: 
 Interest-bearing deposits in other financial institutions Securities available-for-sale Loans held-for-sale Net loans held-for-investment FHLB and other restricted stock N/A N/A N/A N/A Accrued interest receivable Financial liabilities: 
 Deposits FHLB advances Accrued interest payable 
 
 92 

Note 3. 
 
 million to securities available-for-sale, which resulted in a pre-tax increase to accumulated other comprehensive income of thousand. 
 ) Collateralized mortgage obligations ) SBA loan pool securities ) Municipal bonds ) Corporate bonds ) Total securities available-for-sale ) December 31, 2021 Securities available-for-sale: 
 U.S. government agency and U.S. government sponsored enterprise securities: Mortgage-backed securities ) Collateralized mortgage obligations ) SBA loan pool securities ) Municipal bonds 
 Corporate bonds Total securities available-for-sale ) 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, pledged securities were million and million, respectively. These securities were pledged for the State Deposit from the California State Treasurer. 
 
 93 

One to five years 
 Five to ten years 
 Greater than ten years 
 Mortgage-backed securities, collateralized mortgage obligations and SBA loan pool securities 
 Total 
 Gross realized losses on sales and calls of securities available-for-sale 
 Net realized gains on sales and calls of securities available-for-sale Proceeds from sales and calls of securities available-for-sale 
 Tax expense on sales and calls of securities available-for-sale 

94 

) ) ) Collateralized mortgage obligations ) ) ) SBA loan pool securities ) ) ) Municipal bonds ) ) Corporate bonds ) ) Total securities available-for-sale ) ) ) December 31, 2021 Securities available-for-sale: U.S. government agency and U.S. government sponsored enterprise securities: Mortgage-backed securities ) ) ) Collateralized mortgage obligations ) ) SBA loan pool securities ) ) Total securities available-for-sale ) ) ) 
 
 95 

Note 4. 
 
 Residential property SBA property Construction Total real estate loans Commercial and industrial loans: 
 Commercial term Commercial lines of credit SBA commercial term SBA PPP Total commercial and industrial loans Other consumer loans 
 Loans held-for-investment 
 Allowance for loan losses 
 ) ) Net loans held-for-investment 
 
 In the ordinary course of business, the Company may grant loans to certain officers and directors, and the companies with which they are associated. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had thousand and thousand, respectively, of such loans outstanding. 
 
 96 

Charge-offs 
 ) ) ) ) Recoveries on loans previously charged off 
 Provision for loan losses 
 Balance at December 31, 2020 Charge-offs 
 ) ) ) ) Recoveries on loans previously charged off 
 Reversal for loan losses ) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 Charge-offs 
 ) ) ) Recoveries on loans previously charged off 
 Provision (reversal) for loan losses ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 The following tables present the information on allowance for loan losses and recorded investments by portfolio segment and impairment methodology as of the dates indicated: 
 in thousands) Real Estate Commercial and Industrial Consumer Total December 31, 2022 Allowance for loan losses: Individually evaluated for impairment Collectively evaluated for impairment Total Loans receivable: Individually evaluated for impairment Collectively evaluated for impairment Total December 31, 2021 Allowance for loan losses: Individually evaluated for impairment Collectively evaluated for impairment Total Loans receivable: Individually evaluated for impairment Collectively evaluated for impairment Total 
 97 

Residential property SBA property Construction Commercial and industrial loans: 
 Commercial term Commercial lines of credit SBA commercial term SBA PPP Other consumer loans 
 Total December 31, 2021 Real estate loans: Commercial property Residential property SBA property Construction Commercial and industrial loans: Commercial term Commercial lines of credit SBA commercial term SBA PPP Other consumer loans Total 
 Substandard SBA property loans included and thousand of guaranteed portion by the U.S. government agency at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 98 

Residential property SBA property Other consumer loans Total December 31, 2021 Real estate loans: Residential property SBA property Commercial and industrial loans: SBA commercial term Other consumer loans Total 
 There were nonaccrual loans guaranteed by the U.S. government agency at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 99 

Residential property SBA property Total December 31, 2021 Real estate loans: Commercial property SBA property Commercial and industrial loans: Commercial term SBA commercial term Total 
 The following table presents information on the recorded investment in impaired loans by portfolio segment for the periods indicated: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 in thousands) Average Recorded Investment Interest Income Average Recorded Investment Interest Income Average Recorded Investment Interest Income Real estate loans: Commercial property Residential property SBA property Commercial and industrial loans: Commercial term Commercial lines of credit SBA commercial term Total 
 The following presents a summary of interest foregone on impaired loans for the periods indicated: 
 Year Ended December 31, in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Interest income that would have been recognized had impaired loans performed in accordance with their original terms 
 Less: interest income recognized on impaired loans on a cash basis 
 ) ) ) Interest income foregone on impaired loans 
 100 

SBA property Commercial and industrial loans: Commercial term SBA commercial term Total 
 The Company had commitments to lend to customers with outstanding loans that were classified as TDRs as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 The determination of the allowance for loan losses related to TDRs depends on the collectability of principal and interest, according to the modified repayment terms. Loans that were modified as TDRs were individually evaluated for impairment and the Company allocated and of allowance for loan losses as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Total 
 (1) Includes loans modified with forbearance payments, term extensions and principal deferments that modify the terms of the loan from principal and interest payment to interest only payment. 
 
 loans that were modified as TDRs for which there was a payment default within twelve months following the modification for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. There was SBA commercial term loan of thousand that was modified as a TDR for which there was a payment default within twelve months following the modification for the year ended December 31, 2020. 

101 

Residential property Commercial and industrial loans: Commercial lines of credit SBA commercial term Total 
 The following table presents a summary of loans held-for-sale transferred to loans held-for-investment for the periods indicated: 
 Year Ended December 31, in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Real estate loans: Residential property Total 
 The following table presents a summary of purchases of loans held-for-investment for the periods indicated: 
 Year Ended December 31, in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Real estate loans: Residential property Total 
 The Company had sales of loans held-for-investment during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. When the Company changes its intent to hold loans for investment, the loans are transferred to held-for-sale. 
 Loans Held-For-Sale 
 Commercial and industrial loans: Commercial lines of credit SBA commercial term Total 
 102 

Note 5. 
 Furniture, fixtures and equipment 
 Computer equipment 
 Computer software 
 Total premises and equipment Less: accumulated depreciation 
 ) ) Premises and equipment, net 
 The Company recognized depreciation expense of million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Note 6. 
 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities: 
 Operating cash flows from operating leases Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations 
 
 (1) Included in Occupancy and Equipment on the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 The Company used the incremental borrowing rate based on the information available in determining the present value of lease payment. 
 Operating lease liabilities Weighted-average remaining lease term years years Weighted-average discount rate 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 After 2027 Total lease payment 
 Imputed interest 
 ) Present value of operating lease liabilities 

103 

Note 7. 
 million and million, respectively. The Company sells SBA loans and certain residential property loans with servicing retained. The Company sold loans of million, million and million, respectively, with the servicing rights retained and recognized a net gain on sale of million, million and million, respectively, during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. Loan servicing income was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Fair value 
 Discount rates 
 Prepayment speeds 
 Weighted average remaining life 
 years years years years years years Underlying loans being serviced 
 
 Additions 
 Amortization 
 ) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 Additions 
 Amortization 
 ) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 Additions 
 Amortization 
 ) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 104 

Note 8. 
 Additions 
 Sales 
 ) ) ) Net change in valuation allowance 
 Balance at end of year 
 Additions 
 Net direct write-downs and removal from sale 
 Balance at end of year 
 ) ) Operating expenses, net of rental income 
 ) Total 
 t provide loans to finance the sale of its OREO properties during the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company provided a loan of thousand and million to finance the sale of its OREO properties during the year ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Note 9. 
 billion and billion, respectively, and total interest-bearing deposits were billion and billion, respectively. The aggregate amount of deposits reclassified as loans, such as overdrafts, was thousand and thousand at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Total deposits not covered by deposit insurance were billion and million, respectively, and total time deposits not covered by deposit insurance were million and million, respectively, at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 The Company had California State Treasurer s deposits of million and million in time deposits of more than 250,000 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The California State Treasurer s deposits are subject to withdrawal based on the State s periodic evaluations. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company pledged securities with amortized cost of million and million, respectively, for the California State Treasurer s deposits. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had brokered deposits of million and million, respectively. 
 Deposits from certain officers, directors and their related interests with which they are associated held by the Company were million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Time deposits of more than 250,000 
 Total time deposits 
 
 105 

Note 10. 
 million and million in FHLB advances at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. FHLB advances as of December 31, 2022 consisted of an overnight borrowing with a maturity date of January 3, 2023. 
 Variable Rate 
 Total 
 The following table presents financial data of FHLB advances as of the dates or for the periods indicated: 
 As of or For the Year Ended December 31, in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Weighted-average interest rate at end of year 
 Average interest rate during the year 
 Average balance 
 Maximum amount outstanding at any month-end 
 Balance at end of year 
 
 Advances paid early are subject to a prepayment penalty. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, loans pledged to secure from FHLB advances were billion and million, respectively. The Company s investment in capital stock of the FHLB of San Francisco totaled million and million, respectively, at December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company had additional borrowing capacity of million and million, respectively, from the FHLB as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Other Borrowing Arrangements 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had million of unused borrowing capacity from the Federal Reserve Discount Window, to which the Company pledged loans with a carrying value of million with outstanding borrowings. In addition, the Company may borrow up to approximately million overnight federal funds lines on an unsecured basis with correspondent banks at December 31, 2022. 
 106 

Note 11. 
 shares of Senior Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series C, liquidation preference of per share Series C Preferred Stock for the capital investment of million from the U.S. Treasury under the Emergency Capital Investment Program ECIP ). ECIP investment is treated as tier 1 capital for the regulatory capital treatment. 
 The Series C Preferred Stock bears no dividend for the first 24 months following the investment date. Thereafter, the dividend rate will be adjusted based on the lending growth criteria listed in the terms of the ECIP investment with the annual dividend rate up to 2 . After the tenth anniversary of the investment date, the dividend rate will be fixed based on the average annual amount of lending in years 2 through 10. Dividends will be payable quarterly in arrears on March 15, June 15, September 15, and December 15. 
 The Series C Preferred Stock may be redeemed at the option of the Company on or after the fifth anniversary of issuance (or earlier in the event of loss of regulatory capital treatment), subject to the approval of the appropriate federal banking regulator and in accordance with the federal banking agencies regulatory capital regulations. 
 Common Stock 
 Stock Repurchases 
 On January 23, 2020, the Company announced that on November 22, 2019, its Board of Directors approved a million stock repurchase program to commence upon the opening of the Company s trading window for the first quarter of 2020 and continue through November 20, 2021. The Company completed the repurchase program in March 2020. The Company repurchased and retired shares of common stock at a weighted-average price of per share. 
 On April 8, 2021, the Company s Board of Directors approved a repurchase program authorizing the repurchase of up to of the Company s outstanding common stock as of the date of the board meeting, which represented shares, through September 7, 2021. The Company repurchased and retired shares of common stock at a weighted-average price of per share, totaling million under this repurchase program. 
 On July 28, 2022, the Company s Board of Directors approved a repurchase program authorizing for the repurchase of up to of the Company s outstanding common stock as of the date of the board meeting, which represented shares, through February 1, 2023. The Company repurchased and retired shares of common stock at a weighted-average price of per share, totaling million under this repurchase program as of December 31, 2022. 
 107 

Note 12. 
 shares of common stock for equity-based compensation awards including incentive and non-qualified stock options and restricted stock awards. As of December 31, 2022, there were shares available for future grants. 
 Share-Based Compensation Expense 
 Restricted stock awards Total share-based compensation expense Related tax benefits 
 The following table presents unrecognized share-based compensation expense as of the date indicated: 
 December 31, 2022 in thousands) Unrecognized Expense Weighted-Average Remaining Expected Recognition Period Unrecognized share-based compensation expense related to: 
 Stock options years Restricted stock awards years Total unrecognized share-based compensation expense years 
 Stock Options 
 The Company has issued stock options to certain employees, officers and directors. Stock options are issued at the closing market price on the grant date, and generally have a three -to vesting period and contractual terms of . The Company recognizes an income tax deduction upon exercise of the non-qualified stock option by the option holder in an amount equal to the taxable income reported by the option holders. The option holder of non-qualified stock option recognizes taxable income based on the closing market price immediately before the exercise date less the exercise price stated in the grant agreement. 
 Expected term 
 years years N/A Expected stock price volatility 
 Dividend yield 
 
 Cash received from options exercised 
 Tax benefit from options exercised 
 Weighted-average estimated fair value per share of options granted 

108 

years Granted 
 years Exercised 
 ) years Forfeited 
 ) years Balance at end of year years Exercisable at end of year years 
 The following table represents information regarding unvested stock options for the period indicated: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Number of Shares Weighted-Average Exercise Price Per Share Outstanding at beginning of year 
 Granted 
 Vested 
 ) Forfeited 
 ) Balance at end of year 
 Restricted Stock Awards 
 The Company also has granted RSAs to certain employees and officers. The RSAs are valued at the closing market price of the Company's stock on the grant date and generally have a three -to vesting period. The Company recognizes an income tax deduction in an amount equal to the taxable income reported by the holders of the restricted stock, when vested. 
 Granted 
 Vested 
 ) Forfeited 
 ) Outstanding at end of period 
 
 Note 13. 
 of an employee s contribution up to of the employee s salary each year. The Board of Directors may make a discretionary contribution to the plan annually. The Company s contribution to the plan was million, thousand and thousand for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 109 

Note 14. 
 State Total current income tax expense Deferred: 
 Federal ) ) State ) ) Total deferred income tax expense (benefit) ) ) Total 
 
 State and local income taxes, net of federal tax benefit Share-based compensation 
 Bank-owned life insurance ) ) Other items, net 
 ) Effective income tax rate 
 
 Share-based compensation Unrealized loss on investment securities Loans held-for-sale market adjustment Operating lease liabilities State tax benefit Other Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: 
 Depreciation on premises and equipment Unrealized gain on investment securities Loans held-for-sale market adjustment Deferred loan origination costs Operating lease assets Other Total deferred tax liabilities Deferred tax assets, net 
 
 The Company had valuation allowance for deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Based upon the level of historical taxable income and projections for future taxable income over the periods in which the temporary differences become deductible, management believes it is more likely than not that the Company will realize the benefits of these deferred tax assets, and a valuation allowance was not necessary as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 110 

unrecognized tax benefits or related accrued interest. In the event the Company is assessed interest and/or penalties by federal or state tax authorities, such amounts will be classified in the consolidated financial statements as income taxes. The Company does not expect the total amount of unrecognized tax benefit to significantly increase or decrease in the next twelve months. 
 The Company and the Bank are subject to U.S. federal and various state jurisdictions income tax examinations. As of December 31, 2022, the Company is no longer subject to examination by taxing authorities for tax years before 2019 for federal taxes and before 2018 for various state jurisdictions. The statute of limitations vary by state, and state taxes other than California have been immaterial to the Company s financial results. 
 
 N o te 15. 
 Less: income allocated to unvested restricted stock ) ) ) Net income allocated to common stock Weighted-average total common shares outstanding Less: weighted-average unvested restricted stock ) ) ) Weighted-average common shares outstanding, basic Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share: 
 Net income allocated to common stock Weighted-average commons shares outstanding Diluted effect of stock options Diluted weighted-average common shares outstanding Diluted earnings per share 
 There were , , and stock options excluded in computing diluted earnings per share because they were anti-dilutive for years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Note 16. 
 Unfunded loan commitments Standby letters of credit 
 Commercial letters of credit 
 Total 
 Unfunded loan commitments are generally made for periods of days or less, except for SBA loans that are generally made for periods of days or less. 
 The Company s exposure to loan loss in the event of nonperformance on commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit is represented by the contractual amount of those instruments. The Company uses the same credit policies in making commitments as it does for the loans reflected in the consolidated financial statements. The Company maintained reserve for off-balance sheet items of thousand and thousand, respectively, at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 111 

thousand, which represents the retention amount on its insurance claims. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred additional legal expenses of thousand associated with the on-going legal matters related to the data incident, all of which are included in Professional Fees in Consolidated Statement of Income. The Company anticipates additional expenses will be incurred in future periods; however, the Company does have a cyber-liability insurance policy that should provide insurance coverage for this incident. 
 112 

Note 17. 
 and , respectively, as of December 31, 2022, and and , respectively, as of December 31, 2021. Unrealized gain or loss on securities available-for-sale is not included in computing regulatory capital. 
 N/A N/A Total capital (to risk-weighted assets) N/A N/A Tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets) N/A N/A Tier 1 capital (to average assets) N/A N/A PCB Bank Common tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets) Total capital (to risk-weighted assets) Tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets) Tier 1 capital (to average assets) December 31, 2021 PCB Bancorp Common tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets) N/A N/A Total capital (to risk-weighted assets) N/A N/A Tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets) N/A N/A Tier 1 capital (to average assets) N/A N/A PCB Bank Common tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets) Total capital (to risk-weighted assets) Tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets) Tier 1 capital (to average assets) 
 The California Financial Code provides that a bank may not make a cash distribution to its shareholders in excess of the lesser of the bank s undivided profits or the bank s net income for its last three fiscal years less the amount of any distribution made to the bank s shareholder during the same period. As a California corporation, the Company is subject to the limitations of California law, which allows a corporation to distribute cash or property to shareholders, including a dividend or repurchase or redemption of shares, if the corporation meets either a retained earnings test or a balance sheet test. Under the retained earnings test, the Company may make a distribution from retained earnings to the extent that its retained earnings exceed the sum of (a) the amount of the distribution plus (b) the amount, if any, of dividends in arrears on shares with preferential dividend rights. The Company may also make a distribution if, immediately after the distribution, the value of its assets equals or exceeds the sum of (a) its total liabilities plus (b) the liquidation preference of any shares which have a preference upon dissolution over the rights of shareholders receiving the distribution. Indebtedness is not considered a liability if the terms of such indebtedness provide that payment of principal and interest thereon are to be made only if, and to the extent that, a distribution to shareholders could be made under the balance sheet test. 
 
 113 

Note 18. 
 Account analysis fees Non-sufficient funds charges Other deposit related fees Total service charges and fees on deposits Debit card fees Gain (loss) on sale of other real estate owned Wire transfer fees Other service charges Total 
 114 

Note 19. 
 Investment in subsidiary Other assets 
 Total assets Liabilities and Shareholders Equity Total liabilities Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity 
 Other income Total income Expense: Other expense Total expense Income before taxes and equity in undistributed subsidiary income Income tax benefit ) ) ) Income before equity in undistributed subsidiary income Equity in undistributed subsidiary income Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Comprehensive income 
 115 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Equity in undistributed subsidiary income ) ) ) Change in other assets ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Capital contribution to subsidiary ) Net cash used in investing activities ) Cash flows from financing activities: Issuance of preferred stock Restricted stock surrendered due to employee tax liability ) ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Stock options exercised Cash dividends paid on common stock ) ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Net increase in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 
 
 Note 20. 
 per common share for the first quarter of 2023. The dividend was paid on February 17, 2023, to shareholders of record as of the close of business on February 10, 2023. 
 Amendment to the Stock Repurchase Plan. On January 26, 2023, the Company s Board of Directors approved an amendment to its current repurchase program that was approved and announced on July 28, 2022, which extends the expiration date from February 1, 2023 to February 1, 2024. 
 
 116 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rules 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e)) designed at a reasonable assurance level to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in its reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 As required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, in connection with the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Company conducted an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined under Rule 13a-15(e). Based on that evaluation, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
 There have been no changes in the Company s disclosure controls and procedures during its fourth fiscal quarter of 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, these controls and procedures. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 The management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. The Company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the Company s financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The Company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 
 pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the Company s assets; 
 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, and that the Company s receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with the authorization of its management and directors; and 
 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. Management based this assessment on criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting described in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Management s assessment included an evaluation of the design of the Company s internal control over financial reporting and testing of the operational effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting. Management reviewed the results of its assessment with the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors. 
 Based on this assessment, management determined that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting. 
 Attestation Report of the Company's Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 As an Emerging Growth Company and Smaller Reporting Company, the Company is not required to provide an attestation report on its internal control over financial reporting by its independent registered public accounting firm. 
 117 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There has been no change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) during its fourth fiscal quarter of 2022, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 None. 
 
 118 

Part III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference from the Company s definitive Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the 2023 Proxy Statement ), which will be filed with the SEC not later than April 30, 2023. 
 The Company adopted a written Code of Ethics and Business Conduct based upon the standards set forth under Item 406 of Regulation S-K of the Securities Exchange Act. The Code of Ethics and Business Conduct applies to all of the Company s directors, officers and employees. The full text of the Code is available on the Company s website at www.mypcbbank.com, by clicking About, then Investor Relations, then Corporate Governance and then Governance Documents. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, there were no changes in the procedures by which security holders may recommend nominees to the Company s board of directors. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference from the Company s 2023 Proxy Statement which will be filed with the SEC not later than April 30, 2023. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference from the Company s 2023 Proxy Statement which will be filed with the SEC not later than April 30, 2023. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference from the Company s 2023 Proxy Statement which will be filed with the SEC not later than April 30, 2023. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference from the Company s 2023 Proxy Statement which will be filed with the SEC not later than April 30, 2023. 
 119 

Part IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a)(1) Financial Statements: See Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 (a)(2) Financial Statement Schedule: All financial statements schedules have been omitted as the information is not required under the related instructions or is not applicable. 
 (a)(3) Exhibits 
 Exhibit Number Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 3.1 Articles of Incorporation of PCB Bancorp, as amended 
 10-Q 001-38621 3.1 August 8, 2019 3.2 Bylaws of PCB Bancorp 
 8-K 001-38621 3.2 July 2, 2019 3.3 Certificate of Determination for Senior Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series C 
 8-K 001-38621 3.1 May 24, 2022 4.1 Specimen common stock certificate of PCB Bancorp 
 10-Q 001-38621 4.1 August 8, 2019 4.2 Description of Capital Stock 
 10-Q 001-38621 4.2 August 4, 2022 4.3 Form of Certificate for Senior Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series C 
 8-K 001-38621 4.1 May 24, 2022 10.1 Employment Agreement, dated January 1, 2018, between Pacific City Financial Corporation and Henry Kim 
 S-1 333-226208 10.1 July 17, 2018 10.1A First Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated August 26, 2021, among PCB Bancorp, Pacific City Bank and Henry Kim 
 10-Q 001-38621 10.1A November 8, 2021 10.1B Second Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated December 28, 2021, among PCB Bancorp, Pacific City Bank and Henry Kim 
 10-K 001-38621 10.1B March 4, 2022 10.2 2013 Equity Based Compensation Plan, as amended 
 S-1 333-226208 10.2 July 17, 2018 10.3 Form of Stock Option Award Agreement under 2013 Equity Based Compensation Plan 
 S-1 333-226208 10.3 July 17, 2018 10.4 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under 2013 Equity Based Compensation Plan 
 S-1 333-226208 10.4 July 17, 2018 10.5 2003 Pacific City Bank Stock Option Plan, as amended 
 S-1 333-226208 10.5 July 17, 2018 10.6 Form of Stock Option Award Agreement under the 2003 Pacific City Bank Stock Option Plan 
 S-1 333-226208 10.6 July 17, 2018 10.7 Letter Agreement, dated May 24, 2022, between PCB Bancorp and the U.S. Department of Treasury, with respect to the issuance of Senior Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series C 
 8-K 001-38621 10.1 May 24, 2022 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 23.1 Consent of Crowe LLP 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 Filed herewith 
 Furnished herewith 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 120 

Signatures 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 PCB Bancorp 
 Date: March 9, 2023 /s/ Henry Kim Henry Kim President and Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature/Name Title Date By: /s/ Henry Kim Director, President and Chief Executive Officer March 9, 2023 Henry Kim (Principal Executive Officer) By: /s/ Timothy Chang Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer March 9, 2023 Timothy Chang (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) By: /s/ Sang Young Lee Chairman of the Board of Directors March 9, 2023 Sang Young Lee By: /s/ Kijun Ahn Director March 9, 2023 Kijun Ahn By: /s/ Daniel Cho Director March 9, 2023 Daniel Cho By: /s/ Haeyoung Cho Director March 9, 2023 Haeyoung Cho By: /s/ Janice Chung Director March 9, 2023 Janice Chung By: /s/ Sarah Jun Director March 9, 2023 Sarah Jun By: /s/ Hong Kyun Daniel Park Director March 9, 2023 Hong Kyun Daniel Park By: /s/ Don Rhee Director March 9, 2023 Don Rhee 

121 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 pcb10kex21120221231.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 
 PCB Bancorp was incorporated in July 2007 as a California corporation. It is headquartered at 3701 Wilshire Boulevard, Suite 900, Los Angeles, California. There is one subsidiary of the Company 
 PCB Bank, formerly known as Pacific City Bank, is a California state charted bank founded in 2003. PCB Bank is headquartered at 3701 Wilshire Boulevard, Suite 900, Los Angeles, California. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 pcb10kex23120221231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement No. 333-227064 on Form S-8 of PCB Bancorp and Subsidiary of our report dated March 9, 2023 relating to the consolidated financial statements appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 s Crowe LLP 
 Los Angeles, California 
 March 9, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 pcb10kex31120221231.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Henry Kim, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of PCB Bancorp 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statement made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this reports 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have 
 (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this Report is being prepared 
 (b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this Report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this Report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) disclosed in this Report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the Audit Committee of the Registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date March 9, 2023 s Henry Kim Henry Kim President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 pcb10kex31220221231.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Timothy Chang, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of PCB Bancorp 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statement made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this reports 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have 
 (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this Report is being prepared 
 (b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this Report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this Report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) disclosed in this Report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the Audit Committee of the Registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date March 9, 2023 s Timothy Chang Timothy Chang Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 pcb10kex32120221231.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the periodic report of PCB Bancorp (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Henry Kim, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify as of the date hereof, solely for purposes of Title 18, Chapter 63, Section 1350 of the United States Code, that 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 This Certification has not been, and shall not be deemed, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 Date March 9, 2023 s Henry Kim Henry Kim President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 pcb10kex32220221231.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the periodic report of PCB Bancorp (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Timothy Chang, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify as of the date hereof, solely for purposes of Title 18, Chapter 63, Section 1350 of the United States Code, that 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 This Certification has not been, and shall not be deemed, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 Date March 9, 2023 s Timothy Chang Timothy Chang Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 pcb-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 pcb-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 pcb-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 pcb-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 pcb-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

