<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230329_10-K_edgar_data_1873722_0001663577-23-000131.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7960517</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>236784</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1266716</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2686141</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1600474</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1964441</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001663577-23-000131.hdr.sgml : 20230329
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230329162131
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001663577-23-000131
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		88
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230329
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230329

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Bubblr Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001873722
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROGRAMMING, DATA PROCESSING, ETC. [7370]
		IRS NUMBER:				862355916
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-260902
		FILM NUMBER:		23775505

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		21 WEST 46TH STREET
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10036
		BUSINESS PHONE:		647-646-2263

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		21 WEST 46TH STREET
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10036

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001663577-23-000131.txt : 20230329

10-K
 1
 bblr10k123122.htm

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT
OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 

 or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
ACT OF 1934 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class 
 
 Trading Symbol 
 
 Name of each Exchange on which registered 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See
the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and
 emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark
if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. [ ] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of 

 the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. [ ] 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting
common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s last completed
second quarter, based upon the closing price of the common stock of on such date is . 

As
of March 28, 2023, there were shares of
the issuer s common stock, par value 0.01, issued and outstanding. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1 
 
 Business 

4 
 
 Item 1A 
 
 Risk Factors 

8 
 
 Item 1B 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 

20 
 
 Item 2 
 
 Properties 

20 
 
 Item 3 
 
 Legal Proceedings 

20 
 
 Item 4 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 

20 

PART II 

Item 5 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

21 
 
 Item 6 
 
 Selected Financial Data 

28 
 
 Item 7 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

28 
 
 Item 7A 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

36 
 
 Item 8 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

36 
 
 Item 9 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

36 
 
 Item 9A 
 
 Controls and Procedures 

36 
 
 Item 9B 
 
 Other Information 

37 
 
 Item 9C 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

37 

PART III 

Item 10 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

38 
 
 Item 11 
 
 Executive Compensation 

40 
 
 Item 12 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

42 
 
 Item 13 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

43 
 
 Item 14 
 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

44 

PART IV 

Item 15 
 
 Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 

46 
 
 Item 16 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 

48 

2 

 Table of Contents 

CAUTIONARY NOTE ON FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Some of the statements contained
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Bubblr, Inc. (hereinafter the Company, Bubblr, BBLR, we, 
 us or our discuss future expectations, contain projections of our plan of operation or financial condition
or state other forward-looking information. In this Annual Report, forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words such
as anticipate, plan, believe, expect, estimate , and the like. Forward-looking
statements involve future risks and uncertainties, and there are factors that could cause actual results or plans to differ materially
from those expressed or implied. These statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could
cause the actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by the statements. The forward-looking information is based on various
factors and is derived using numerous assumptions. A reader should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which
apply only as of the date of this Annual Report. Important factors that may cause actual results to differ from projections include, for
example: 

our
 strategies, prospects, plans, expectations, forecasts or objectives; 

our
 ability to achieve a marketable products and the costs and timing thereof; 

acceptance
 of our products by our target market and our ability to compete in such market; 

our
 ability to raise additional financing when needed and the terms and timing thereof; 

our
 ability to expand, protect and maintain our intellectual property rights; 

our
 future operations, financial position, revenues, costs, expenses, uses of cash, capital requirements,
 our need for additional financing or the period for which our existing cash resources will
 be sufficient to meet our operating requirements; 

our
 analysis of the target market for our platform; 

the
 impact of COVID-19 and other adverse public health developments on our operations and our
 industry; 

regulatory
 developments in the United States and other countries; 

our
 compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations, including those of the Securities
 and Exchange Commission, or SEC; 

our
 plans to upgrade our Common Stock on the OTCQB and whether an active trading market for our
 Common Stock and Warrants will develop; 

our
 ability to compete in the United States and internationally with larger and more substantial
 companies; 

general
 economic, business, political and social conditions; 

our
 reliance on and our ability to retain (and if necessary, timely recruit and replace) our
 officers, directors and key employees and their ability to timely and competently perform; 

our
 ability to generate significant revenues and achieve profitability; 

our
 ability to manage the growth of our business; 

our
 commercialization of the platform and marketing capabilities and strategies; 

our
 ability to expand, protect and maintain our intellectual property position; 

the
 success of competing third-party platforms; 

our
 ability to fully remediate our identified internal control material weaknesses; 

our
 ability to comply with regulatory requirements relating to our business, and the costs of
 compliance with those requirements; 

the
 specific risk factors discussed under the heading Risk Factors set forth in
 this Annual Report; 

various
 other matters, many of which are beyond our control. 

Readers
are cautioned not to place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements contained herein, which speak only as of the date hereof.
We believe the information contained in this Form 10-K to be accurate as of the date hereof. Changes may occur after that date. We will
not update that information except as required by law in the normal course of our public disclosure practices. Additionally, the discussion
regarding our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and related notes
included in this Form 10-K. 

3 

 Table of Contents 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS. 

Except as otherwise indicated
herein or as the context otherwise requires, references in this Annual Report to Bubblr, the Company, we, 
 us, and our refer to Bubblr, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, including Bubblr Limited and Bubblr Holdings
Limited, which are a non-trading company and IP holding company, respectively, both formed and existing in the United Kingdom. 

Overview 

Bubblr, Inc is a company founded
on the principles of digital disruption, innovation and the emerging importance of ethical internet applications. We call this emergent
global movement, the Ethical Web. 

The 5 pillars of the Ethical
Web are: 

An internet that decentralizes profits; 

An internet that consecrates citizens rights to privacy; 

An internet that levels the playing field for businesses; 

An
 internet that combats social and cultural division; and 

An
 internet that is not corrupted by advertising. 

Bubblr s Mission 

Our goal is to fix a broken internet
model that currently suffers from the following failures: 

1. 
 Systematic abuse of an individual s personal data; 

2. 
 Prohibitively expensive and complex businesses marketing channels for SMEs; and 

3. 
 A lack of financial incentives to develop and sustain new internet economic
models. 

Bubblr brings a holistic approach
to the above problems in a fundamentally unique way. Building on its patented alternative online search mechanism and engaging with the
global digital developer community, we plan to build a new economic platform that we believe will be sustainable and fair to users, online
businesses, and all online stakeholders. Our mission is twofold: 

1) 
 Empower the developers of a new Internet in creating Ethical Technologies both through in-house Intellectual Property, and by providing advanced digital tools that enable developers and creators to build fair-forward solutions to build a new Ethical Internet Ecosystem on the Ethical Web, and 

2) 
 Acquire/Commercialize/Invest in Ethical Web products and services developed on our global platform and/or with corporate partners. 

4 

 Table of Contents 

Open-Code Ecosystem 

 Understanding that the Ethical
Web concept is larger than any one entity, requiring various layers of technologies across multiple business sectors. We are building
an Open-Code Platform (OCP) to engage and incentivize the world s developers and engineers in our mission for a more equitable internet,
at the DNA level. 

With our own intellectual property
at its core, we will endeavor to construct our OCP with economic incentives for the developer community in mind, incorporating a number
of related digital tools that support the ethical development of new mobile applications that adhere to and reflect the highest standards
of the Ethical Web. 

We believe that our software as
a service (SAAS) Open-Code Platform will allow the open-source community, companies and not-for-profit organizations to be able to build
their own mobile applications using templates downloadable from a central code repository. We intend to focus on Low-Code and No-Code
applications as much as possible to attract a larger pool of developers. As partners register with our platform, they are provisioned
with online dashboards that allow them to utilize the SAAS platform fully and will have their own sandbox provisioned to test their apps. 

Mobile-First 

All of the consumer-based products
subsequently developed by our registered partners are designed to deliver the presentation layer through mobile-first consumer experiences. 

While we are a mobile-first company,
we understand the need for flexibility in order to maximize market penetration. To this end, we plan to develop relationships with the
new wave of security-first browsers such as Brave, TOR and others. 

Monetization and Market-Making 

We are developing our platform
by concentrating on proven value methodologies designed to exponentially increase the adoption of our IP through the following four-tiered
process: 

1. 
 Research, Development and Commercialization. We are creating an Open-Code Initiative designed to evolve our IP (developed under patent) as well as that of our partners and future potential acquisitions. This should allow us to identify growth areas and expand ecosystems, platforms, and products within those areas, positioning us for commercialization opportunities across a wide range of business sectors. 

2. 
 Licensing and SAAS. We plan to provide revenue opportunities through partnerships with selected start-ups and established corporations to further our reach and rapid development of platform applications. The SAAS platform will allow low volume, free community access. However, platform usage is metered, and those partners who start using the platform for larger volume will be obliged to pay an appropriate license fee. 

3. 
 Venture Funding. We plan to license or otherwise provide our technology to selected start-ups, teams and developers, and fund early stage startups that develop promising applications arising from the platform. This should allow us to grow a multi-sector ecosystem and maximize reach and revenues through multiple streams. 

Advanced Tools and
Future Services 

We have developed
a data-driven conversations (DDC) capability that is in the process of being implemented into our platform and app technologies. This generic
application can be used by developers with access to our toolkit and will allow Bubblr to build and alter conversation
search dialogues to optimize searching for information and content. 

Additionally,
we are building complex AI and machine learning to optimize search results regarding relevance and salience for searching for critical
information. Our plans include adding these algorithms to the Open-Code platform and development ecosystems and to our overall Software
Development Kit (SDK). 

The systems
architecture to support these innovations continues to evolve and our plan is designed to evolve with it. Our belief is that a collection
of technologies, geared to incentivize developed and create multiple revenue streams for Bubblr, is the perfect strategy to create exponential
value for our company and significantly enhance our shareholders interests. 

5 

 Table of Contents 

Intellectual Property 

We have
created a new search mechanism AN INTERNET-BASED SEARCH MECHANISM , which has been granted a patent in South Africa (2016/06947),
New Zealand (725014), the United States of America Utility Patent No. US 10977387), Canada (2962520), Australia (2015248619) and
we have patents pending on the same processes in the European Union (15723990.6) and the United Kingdom (PCT/GB2015/051130), creating
an alternative economic ecosystem to tackle the current broken model and better serve all main participant groups. 

Bubblr
has filed a sister patent to our approved INTERNET SEARCH MECHANISM. This patent entitled Contextual
Enveloping Via Dynamically Generated Hyperlinking. (US Patent Application No. 17/980,298) will define an alternative mobile
search system purely for information rather than goods and service, which our original patent covers. This new search
mechanism is designed to change the way search is conducted for information and will bear little resemblance to the established search
model. 

Competition 

 The space
for online marketplaces and ad networks is rapidly evolving. The Advertising Technology (Ad-tech) industry includes all kinds of tools,
software platforms (Google, Facebook), agencies, data-brokers, etc. It facilitates targeted advertisements that have become exponentially
more invasive over the past decade due to massive amounts of personal data collection. It's a complex and opaque ecosystem that tracks,
profiles, discriminates (both personal and business) and manipulates for profit. It's a multi-billion-dollar industry that is now facing
litigation, investigations, and new regulations to curb its practices. 

We face
intense competition from companies with much larger capital resources than us, and, as a result, we could struggle to attract users and
gain market share. Many of our existing or future competitors have greater financial resources and greater brand name recognition than
we do and, as a result, may be better positioned to adapt to changes in the industry or the economy as a whole. We will strive to advance
our technology in each of these sectors ahead of our competitors to gain market share. We also face intense competition in attracting
and retaining qualified employees. Our ability to continue to compete effectively will depend upon our ability to attract new employees,
retain and motivate our existing employees and to compensate employees competitively. We face significant competition in several aspects
of our business, and such competition might increase, particularly in the market for networks and online marketplaces. A key advantage
against better resourced competitors is provisioning our technology and related acquisitions as an Open Source SAAS platform. This pushes
all of the consumer and merchant marketing responsibility to the registered partners. 

Our competitors
may announce new products, services or enhancements that better address changing industry standards or the needs of users, such as mobile
access or different market focus. Any such increased competition could cause pricing pressure, loss of business or decreased user activity,
any of which could adversely affect our business and operating results. 

We believe
that we have competitive strengths and protection via our IP which is defensible under the umbrella protection of our granted patents.

Government Regulation 

We are
subject to a number of foreign and domestic laws and regulations that affect companies conducting business online, many of which are evolving
and could be interpreted in ways that could harm our business. In the United States and abroad, laws and regulations relating to the liability
of providers of online services for activities of their users and other third parties are being tested by a number of claims, including
actions based on invasion of privacy and other torts, unfair competition, copyright and trademark infringement, and other theories based
on the nature and content of the materials searched, or the content provided by users. Further, some countries impose regulations regarding
or require licenses to conduct various aspects of our business, including employee recruiting and news related services. Any court ruling
or other governmental action that imposes liability on providers of online services for the activities of their users or other third parties
could harm our business. In addition, rising concern about the use of social networking technologies for illegal conduct, such as the
unauthorized dissemination of national security information, money laundering or supporting terrorist activities, may in the future produce
legislation or other governmental action that could require changes to our website platform, restrict or impose additional costs upon
the conduct of our business or cause users to abandon material aspects of our platform. 

6 

 Table of Contents 

In the
area of information security and data protection, most states have enacted laws and regulations requiring notification to users when there
is a security breach of personal data or requiring the adoption of minimum information security standards that are often vaguely defined
and difficult to practically implement. The costs of compliance with these laws and regulations may increase in the future as a result
of amendments or changes in interpretation. Furthermore, any failure on our part to comply with these laws and regulations may subject
us to significant liabilities. 

We are
also subject to federal, state, and foreign laws and regulations regarding privacy and protection of data. Our privacy policies describe
our practices concerning the use, storage, transmission and disclosure of personal information, including visitor and user data. Any failure
by us to comply with these terms or privacy-related laws and regulations could result in proceedings against us by governmental authorities
or others, which could harm our business. In addition, the interpretation of privacy and data protection laws and regulations and their
application to online services are unclear, evolving and in a state of flux. For example, in October 2015, the highest court in the European
Union invalidated reliance on the US-EU Safe Harbor regime as one of the legally recognized mechanisms under which the personal data of
European citizens could be transferred to the United States. There is a risk that these laws and regulations may be interpreted and applied
in conflicting ways from state to state, country to country, or region to region, and in a manner that is not consistent with our current
data protection practices or that new laws or regulations will be enacted. In addition, because our platform will be accessible worldwide,
certain foreign governments may claim that we are required to comply with their laws and regulations, including with respect to the storage,
use and disclosure of user information, even in jurisdictions where we have no local entity, employees, or infrastructure. Complying with
these varying domestic and international requirements could cause us to incur additional costs and change our business practices. Further,
any failure by us to adequately protect our users privacy and data could result in a loss of user confidence in our services and
ultimately in a loss of users, which could adversely affect our business. 

Employees 

As of March 28, 2023, we have
5 full-time employees. Our employees are not represented by any labor union. 

Legal Proceedings 

From time to time, we may become
party to various lawsuits, claims and other legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of our business. We are not currently
a party, as plaintiff or defendant, to any legal proceedings that we believe to be material or which, individually or in the aggregate,
would be expected to have a material effect on our business, financial condition or results of operation if determined adversely to us. 

Smaller Reporting Company 

The Company is a smaller
reporting company as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act. There are certain exemptions available to us as a smaller reporting
company, including: (1) not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes Oxley
Act; (2) scaled executive compensation disclosures; and (3) the requirement to provide only two years of audited financial statements,
instead of three years. As long as we maintain our status as a smaller reporting company, these exemptions will continue
to be available to us. 

Available Information 

We make available, free of charge,
on or through our website, at www.bubblr.com our Annual Report on Form 10-K, which includes our audited financial statements, our Quarterly
Reports on Form 10-Q, and our Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. The SEC maintains a website that contains these reports and other information at www.sec.gov. Our website
and the information contained therein or connected thereto are not intended to be, and are not incorporated into this Annual Report on
Form 10-K. 

7 

 Table of Contents 

ITEM
1A RISK FACTORS. 

An investment in our securities
involves a high degree of risk. In addition to the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, prospective investors
should carefully consider the following risks before investing in our securities. If any of the following risks actually occur, as well
as other risks not currently known to us or that we currently consider immaterial, our business, operating results and financial condition
could be materially adversely affected. As a result, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part
of your investment in our common stock. The risks discussed below also include forward-looking statements, and our actual results may
differ substantially from those discussed in these forward-looking statements. See Cautionary Note On Forward-Looking Statements 
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In assessing the risks below, you should also refer to the other information contained in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K, including the financial statements and the related notes, before deciding to purchase any of our securities. 

Risk Related to Covid 19 

A novel strain of coronavirus
(COVID-19) was first identified in December 2019 and subsequently declared a global pandemic by the World Health Organization on March
11, 2020. As a result of the outbreak, many companies have experienced disruptions in their operations and in the markets served. The
Company has instituted some and may take additional temporary precautionary measures intended to help ensure the well-being of its employees
and minimize business disruption. The Company considered the impact of COVID-19 on the assumptions and estimates used and determined that
there were no material adverse impacts on the Company s results of operations and financial position as of and for the year ended
December 31, 2022. 

Most of the restrictions imposed
by governments worldwide have now been relaxed. The Company is not aware of any specific event or circumstance that would require an update
to its estimates or judgments or a revision of the carrying value of its assets or liabilities at the date of issuance of these financial
statements. 

If there is a re-occurrence of
government restrictions due to a new Covid-19 outbreak that may cause many companies to experience disruptions in their operations and
in markets served, there is a risk that these estimates may change, as new events occur, and additional information is obtained. 

Risk Factors Related to the Financial Condition
of the Company 

Because our auditor has issued a going concern opinion regarding
our company, there is an increased risk associated with an investment in our company. 

We have continually operated at
a loss with an accumulated deficit of 12,875,437 as of December 31, 2022. We have not generated significant revenues and are dependent
upon obtaining financing to continue operations for the next twelve months. Our future is dependent upon our ability to obtain financing
or upon future profitable operations. We reserve the right to seek additional funds through private placements of our common stock and/or
through debt financing. 

Our
ability to raise additional financing is unknown. Aside from our equity line with GHS Investments ,
we do not have any formal commitments or arrangements for the advancement or loan of funds. For these reasons, our auditors stated in
their report that they have substantial doubt we will be able to continue as a going concern. As a result, there is an increased risk
that you could lose the entire amount of your investment in our company. 

Because we have a limited operating history, you may not be able
to accurately evaluate our operations. 

We have had limited operations
to date. Therefore, we have a limited operating history upon which to evaluate the merits of investing in our company. Potential investors
should be aware of the difficulties normally encountered by new companies and the high rate of failure of such enterprises. The likelihood
of success must be considered in light of the problems, expenses, difficulties, complications and delays encountered in connection with
the operations that we plan to undertake. These potential problems include, but are not limited to, unanticipated problems relating to
the ability to generate sufficient cash flow to operate our business and additional costs and expenses that may exceed current estimates.
We expect to continue to incur significant losses into the foreseeable future. We recognize that if the effectiveness of our business
plan is not forthcoming, we will not be able to continue business operations. There is no history upon which to base any assumption as
to the likelihood that we will prove successful, and it is doubtful that we will generate any operating revenues or ever achieve profitable
operations. If we are unsuccessful in addressing these risks, our business will most likely fail. 

8 

 Table of Contents 

We are dependent on outside financing for the continuation of our
operations. 

Because we have generated limited
revenues and currently operate at a loss, we are completely dependent on the continued availability of financing in order to continue
our business operations. There can be no assurance that financing sufficient to enable us to continue our operations will be available
to us in the future. 

We will need additional funds
to complete further development of our business plan to achieve a sustainable level where ongoing operations can be funded out of revenues.
We anticipate that we must raise 5,000,000 for our operations for the next 12 months and 20 million to fully implement our business
plan to its fullest potential and achieve our growth plans. There is no assurance that any additional financing will be available or if
available, on terms that will be acceptable to us. 

Our failure to obtain future financing or to
produce levels of revenue to meet our financial needs could result in our inability to continue as a going concern, and, as a result,
our investors could lose their entire investment. 

As a growing company, we have yet to achieve a profit and may not
achieve a profit in the near future, if at all. 

We have not yet produced any significant
revenues or profits and may not in the near future, if at all. Further, many of our competitors have a significantly larger industry presence
and revenue stream but have yet to achieve profitability. Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon raising capital
from financing transactions, increasing revenue and keeping operating expenses below our revenue levels in order to achieve positive cash
flows, none of which can be assured. 

Risk Factors Related to Business of the Company 

Our operating results may fluctuate, which could have a negative
impact on our ability to grow our client base, establish sustainable revenues and succeed overall. 

Our results of operations may fluctuate as a result
of a number of factors, some of which are beyond our control including but not limited to: 

General economic conditions in the geographies and industries where we sell our services and conduct operations; legislative policies where we sell our services and conduct operations; 

The budgetary constraints of our customers; seasonality; 

The success of our strategic growth initiatives; 

Costs associated with the launching or integration of new or acquired businesses; 

Timing of new product introductions by us, our partners and our competitors; product and service mix, availability, utilization and pricing; 

The mix, by state and country, of our revenues, personnel and assets; 

movements in interest rates or tax rates; 

Changes in, and application of, accounting rules; 

Changes in the regulations applicable to us; 

Litigation matters. 

As a result of these factors, we may not succeed in our business, and we
could go out of business. 

9 

 Table of Contents 

In the event that we are unable to successfully compete in the market
to build a new Ethical Internet Ecosystem on an Ethical Web , we may not be able to achieve profitable operations.

We face substantial competition
in what we re looking to disrupt. Due to our small size, it can be assumed that many of our competitors have significantly greater
financial, technical, marketing and other competitive resources. Accordingly, these competitors may have already begun to establish brand
recognition with consumers. We will attempt to compete against these competitors by developing features that exceed the features offered
by competitors. However, we cannot assure you that our products will outperform competing products, or those competitors will not develop
new products that exceed what we provide. In addition, we may face competition based on price. If our competitors lower the prices on
their products, then it may not be possible for us to market our products at prices that are economically viable. Increased competition
could result in: 

Lower than projected revenues; 

Price reductions and lower profit margins; 

The inability to develop and maintain our products with features and usability sought by potential customers. 

Any one of these results could adversely affect our business, financial
condition and results of operations. In addition, our competitors may develop competing products that achieve greater market acceptance.
It is also possible that new competitors may emerge and acquire significant market share. Our inability to achieve sales and revenue due
to competition will have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

If the market for our open-source platform does
not experience significant growth or if our projects do not achieve broad acceptance, we will not be able to sustain or grow our revenues. 

We hope to achieve revenues from
our open-source partnerships. We cannot accurately predict, however, future growth rates or the size of the market for application in
the United States, United Kingdom and other markets we engage in. Demand for our platform and IP may not occur as anticipated, or may
decrease, either generally or in specific geographic markets, during particular time periods. The expansion of our mobile application
in the market depends on a number of factors, such as: 

The cost, performance and appearance of our mobile application offered by our competitors; 

Public perceptions regarding our mobile application and the effectiveness and value of it; 

Customer satisfaction with our mobile application; and 

Marketing efforts and publicity regarding the needs for application and the public demand for it. 

Even if our platform gains wide
market acceptance, we may not adequately address market requirements and may not be able to expand market acceptance. If our products
do not achieve wide market acceptance, we may not be able to achieve our anticipated level of growth, we may not achieve revenues and
results of operations would suffer. 

If we are unable to gauge trends and react
to changing partners preferences in a timely manner, our sales will decrease, and our business may fail. 

We believe our success depends
in substantial part on our ability to offer our intellectual property and our supporting platform that reflect current needs and anticipate,
gauge and react to changing partner and consumer demands in a timely manner. Our business is vulnerable to changes in partner and consumer
preferences. If we misjudge their needs for our platform, our ability to generate sales could be impaired resulting in the failure of
our business. There are no assurances that our mobile application will be successful, and in that regard, any unsuccessful consumer reaction
could also adversely affect our business. 

10 

 Table of Contents 

If we are unable to successfully manage growth, our operations could
be adversely affected. 

Our progress is expected to require
the full utilization of our management, financial and other resources, which to date has occurred with limited working capital. Our ability
to manage growth effectively will depend on our ability to improve and expand operations, including our financial and management information
systems, and to recruit, train and manage sales personnel. There can be no absolute assurance that management will be able to manage growth
effectively. 

If we do not properly manage the
growth of our business, we may experience significant strains on our management and operations and disruptions in our business. Various
risks arise when companies and industries grow quickly. If our business or industry grows too quickly, our ability to meet customer demand
in a timely and efficient manner could be challenged. We may also experience development delays as we seek to meet increased demand for
our products. Our failure to properly manage the growth that we or our industry might experience could negatively impact our ability to
execute on our operating plan and, accordingly, could have an adverse impact on our business, our cash flow and results of operations,
and our reputation with our current or potential customers. 

We may fail to successfully integrate our acquisitions or otherwise
be unable to benefit from pursuing acquisitions. 

We believe there are meaningful
opportunities to grow through acquisitions and joint ventures across all product categories and we expect to continue a strategy of selectively
identifying and acquiring businesses with complementary products. We may be unable to identify, negotiate, and complete suitable acquisition
opportunities on reasonable terms. There can be no assurance that any business acquired by us will be successfully integrated with our
operations or prove to be profitable to us. We may incur future liabilities related to acquisitions. Should any of the following problems,
or others, occur as a result of our acquisition strategy, the impact could be material: 

Difficulties integrating personnel from acquired entities and other corporate cultures into our business; 

Difficulties integrating information systems; 

The potential loss of key employees of acquired companies; 

The assumption of liabilities and exposure to undisclosed or unknown liabilities of acquired companies; or 

The diversion of management attention from existing operations 

Our commercial success depends significantly on our ability
to develop and commercialize our open-source platform without infringing the intellectual property rights of third parties. 

Our commercial success will depend,
in part, on operating our business without infringing the trademarks or proprietary rights of third parties. Third parties that believe
we are infringing on their rights could bring actions against us claiming damages and seeking to enjoin the development, marketing and
distribution of our products. If we become involved in any litigation, it could consume a substantial portion of our resources, regardless
of the outcome of the litigation. If any of these actions are successful, we could be required to pay damages and/or to obtain a license
to continue to develop or market our products, in which case we may be required to pay substantial royalties. However, any such license
may not be available on terms acceptable to us or at all. Ultimately, we could be prevented from commercializing a product or forced to
cease some aspect of our business operations as a result of patent infringement claims, which would harm our business. 

A decline in general economic condition could
lead to reduced consumer/business adoption and could negatively impact our business operation and financial condition, which could have
a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our operating and financial performance
may be adversely affected by a variety of factors that influence the general economy. Consumer search habits are affected by, among other
things, prevailing economic conditions, levels of unemployment, salaries and wage rates, prevailing interest rates, income tax rates and
policies, consumer confidence and consumer perception of economic conditions. In addition, consumer purchasing patterns may be influenced
by consumers disposable income. In the event of an economic slowdown, consumer search habits could be adversely affected and we
could experience lower net sales than expected on a quarterly or annual basis which could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

11 

 Table of Contents 

The success of our business depends on our ability to maintain and
enhance our reputation and brand. 

We believe that our reputation
in the online marketplace is of significant importance to the success of our business. A well-recognized brand is critical to increasing
our customer base and, in turn, increasing our revenue. Since the industry is highly competitive, our ability to remain competitive depends
to a large extent on our ability to maintain and enhance our reputation and brand, which could be difficult and expensive. To maintain
and enhance our reputation and brand, we need to successfully manage many aspects of our business, such as cost-effective marketing campaigns
to increase brand recognition and awareness in a highly competitive market. We will continue to conduct various marketing and brand promotion
activities. We cannot assure you, however, that these activities will be successful and achieve the brand promotion goals we expect. If
we fail to maintain and enhance our reputation and brand, or if we incur excessive expenses in our efforts to do so, our business, financial
conditions and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

Reliance on information technology means a significant disruption
could affect our communications and operations. 

We increasingly rely on information
technology systems for our internal communications, controls, reporting and relations with customers and suppliers and information technology
is becoming a significantly important tool for our sales staff. Our marketing and distribution strategy are dependent upon our ability
to closely monitor consumer and market trends on a highly specified level, for which we are reliant on our highly sophisticated data tracking
systems, which are susceptible to disruption or failure. In addition, our reliance on information technology exposes us to cyber-security
risks, which could have a material adverse effect on our ability to compete. Security and privacy breaches may expose us to liability
and cause us to lose customers or may disrupt our relationships and ongoing transactions with other entities with whom we contract throughout
our supply chain. The failure of our information systems to function as intended, or the penetration by outside parties intent
on disrupting business processes, could result in significant costs, loss of revenue, assets or personal or other sensitive data and reputational
harm. 

Security and privacy breaches may expose us to liability and cause
us to lose customers. 

Federal and state laws require
us to safeguard our wholesalers and retailers financial information, including credit information. Although we have established
security procedures to protect against identity theft and the theft of our customers and distributors financial information,
our security and testing measures may not prevent security breaches and breaches of privacy may occur and could harm our business. Typically,
we rely on encryption and authentication technology licensed from third parties to enhance transmission security of confidential information
in relation to financial and other sensitive information that we have on file. Advances in computer capabilities, new discoveries in the
field of cryptography, inadequate facility security or other developments may result in a compromise or breach of the technology used
by us to protect customer data. Any compromise of our security could harm our reputation or financial condition and, therefore, our business.
In addition, a party who is able to circumvent our security measures or exploit inadequacies in our security measures, could, among other
effects, misappropriate proprietary information, cause interruptions in our operations or expose customers and other entities with which
we interact to computer viruses or other disruptions. Actual or perceived vulnerabilities may lead to claims against us. To the extent
the measures we have taken prove to be insufficient or inadequate, we may become subject to litigation or administrative sanctions, which
could result in significant fines, penalties or damages and harm to our reputation. 

We may be unable to support our technology to further scale our operations
successfully. 

Our plan is to grow rapidly through
further integration of our technology in partnerships in with our open-source platform and other partnership electronic platforms. Our
growth will place significant demands on our management and technology development, as well as our financial, administrative and other
resources. We cannot guarantee that any of the systems, procedures and controls we put in place will be adequate to support the commercialization
of our operations. Our operating results will depend substantially on the ability of our officers and key employees to manage changing
business conditions and to implement and improve our financial, administrative and other resources. If we are unable to respond to and
manage changing business conditions, or the scale of our products, services and operations, then the quality of our services, our ability
to retain key personnel and our business could be harmed. 

12 

 Table of Contents 

Developing and implementing new and updated
applications, features and services for our portals may be more difficult than expected, may take longer and cost more than expected and
may not result in sufficient increases in revenue to justify the costs. 

Attracting and retaining partner
developers and users of our open-source platform requires us to continue to improve the technology underlying those portals and to continue
to develop new and updated applications, features and services. If we are unable to do so on a timely basis or if we are unable to implement
new applications, features and services without disruption to our existing ones, we may lose potential users and clients. The costs of
development of these enhancements may negatively impact our ability to achieve profitability. 

We rely on a combination of internal
development, strategic relationships, licensing and acquisitions to develop our open-source platform, portals and related applications,
features and services. Our development and/or implementation of new technologies, applications, features and services may cost more than
expected, may take longer than originally expected, may require more testing than originally anticipated and may require the acquisition
of additional personnel and other resources. There can be no assurance that the revenue opportunities from any new or updated technologies,
applications, features or services will justify the amounts spent. 

Our success is dependent in part on obtaining,
maintaining and enforcing our proprietary rights and our ability to avoid infringing on the proprietary rights of others. 

We seek patent protection for
those inventions and technologies for which we believe such protection is suitable and is likely to provide a competitive advantage to
us. A Patent on our Internet-Search Mechanism IBSM has been granted in the United States, Canada, Australia, New Zealand
and South Africa. The patent is currently pending in the European Union and United Kingdom. Because patent applications in the United
States are maintained in secrecy until either the patent application is published or a patent is issued, we may not be aware of third-party
patents, patent applications and other intellectual property relevant to our products that may block our use of our intellectual property
or may be used in third-party products that compete with our products and processes. In the event a competitor or other party successfully
challenges our products, processes, patents or licenses or claims that we have infringed upon their intellectual property, we could incur
substantial litigation costs defending against such claims, be required to pay royalties, license fees or other damages or be barred from
using the intellectual property at issue, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial
condition. 

We also rely substantially on
trade secrets, proprietary technology, nondisclosure and other contractual agreements, and technical measures to protect our technology,
application, design, and manufacturing know-how, and work actively to foster continuing technological innovation to maintain and protect
our competitive position. We cannot assure you that steps taken by us to protect our intellectual property and other contractual agreements
for our business will be adequate, that our competitors will not independently develop or patent substantially equivalent or superior
technologies or be able to design around patents that we may receive, or that our intellectual property will not be misappropriated. 

Our business will suffer if our network systems, or open-source platform
fails or become unavailable. 

A reduction in the performance,
reliability and availability of our network infrastructure would harm our ability to distribute our products to our users, as well as
our reputation and ability to attract and retain customers. Our systems and operations could be damaged or interrupted by fire, flood,
power loss, telecommunications failure, Internet breakdown, earthquake and similar events. Our systems could also be subject to viruses,
break-ins, sabotage, acts of terrorism, acts of vandalism, hacking, cyber-terrorism and similar misconduct. We might not carry adequate
business interruption insurance to compensate us for losses that may occur from a system outage. Any system error or failure that causes
interruption in availability of our product or an increase in response time could result in a loss of potential customers, which could
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. If we suffer sustained or repeated interruptions,
then our products and services could be less attractive to our users and our business would be materially harmed. 

13 

 Table of Contents 

We face significant competition for developers, users, advertisers,
and distributors. 

Our intellectual property can
face significant competition from online search engines, sites offering integrated internet products and services, social media and networking
sites, e-commerce sites, companies providing analytics, monetization and marketing tools for mobile and desktop developers, and digital,
broadcast and print media. A number of these competitors are significantly larger than we are and have access to vastly greater financial
resources. Additionally, in a number of international markets, we face substantial competition from local Internet service providers and
other entities that offer search, communications, and other commercial services. 

A number of our competitors offer
products and services that directly compete for users of our platform offerings. Further, emerging start-ups may be able to innovate and
provide new products and services faster than we can. In addition, competitors may consolidate or collaborate with each other, and new
competitors may enter the market. Some of our competitors in international markets have a substantial competitive advantage over us because
they have dominant market share in their territories, have greater local brand recognition, are focused on a single market, are more familiar
with local tastes and preferences, or have greater regulatory and operational flexibility due to the fact that we may be subject to both
U.S. and foreign regulatory requirements. 

If our competitors are more successful
than we are in developing and deploying compelling products or in attracting and retaining users, developers, or distributors, our users
and growth rates could decline. 

Changes in regulations or user concerns regarding
privacy and protection of user data, or any failure to comply with such laws, could adversely affect our business. 

Federal, state, and international
laws and regulations govern the collection, use, retention, disclosure, sharing and security of data that we receive from and about our
users. The use of consumer data by online service providers is a topic of active interest among federal, state, and international regulatory
bodies, and the regulatory environment is unsettled. Many states have passed laws requiring notification to users where there is a security
breach for personal data, such as California s Information Practices Act. We face similar risks in international markets where our
products and services are offered. Any failure, or perceived failure, by us to comply with or make effective modifications to our policies,
or to comply with any applicable federal, state, or international privacy, data-retention or data-protection-related laws, regulations,
orders or industry self-regulatory principles could result in proceedings or actions against us by governmental entities or others, a
loss of user confidence, damage to our business and brand, and a loss of users, which could potentially have an adverse effect on our
business. 

In addition, various federal,
state and foreign legislative or regulatory bodies may enact new or additional laws and regulations concerning privacy, data retention,
data transfer and data protection issues, including laws or regulations mandating disclosure to domestic or international law enforcement
bodies, which could adversely impact our business, our brand or our reputation with users. For example, some countries are considering
or have enacted laws mandating that user data regarding users in their country be maintained in their country. In addition, there currently
is a data protection regulation applicable to member states of the European Union that includes operational and compliance requirements
that are different than those currently in place and that also includes significant penalties for non-compliance. 

The interpretation and application
of privacy, data protection, data transfer and data retention laws and regulations are often uncertain and in flux in the United States
and internationally. These laws may be interpreted and applied inconsistently from country to country and inconsistently with our current
policies and practices, complicating long-range business planning decisions. If privacy, data protection, data transfer or data retention
laws are interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our current policies and practices, we may be fined or ordered
to change our business practices in a manner that adversely impacts our operating results. Complying with these varying international
requirements could cause us to incur substantial costs or require us to change our business practices in a manner adverse to our business
and operating results. 

14 

 Table of Contents 

We may be subject to legal liability associated with providing online
services or content. 

We host and provide a wide variety
of services and technology products that enable and encourage individuals and businesses to exchange information; upload or otherwise
generate photos, videos, text, and other content; advertise products and services; conduct business; and engage in various online activities
both domestically and internationally. The law relating to the liability of providers of online services and products for activities of
their users is currently unsettled both within the United States and internationally. We may be subject to domestic or international actions
alleging that certain content we have generated or third-party content that we have made available within our services violates laws in
domestic and international jurisdictions. 

It is also possible that if any
information provided directly by us contains errors or is otherwise wrongfully provided to users, third parties could make claims against
us. For example, we offer web-based e-mail services, which expose us to potential risks, such as liabilities or claims, by our users and
third parties, resulting from unsolicited e-mail, lost or misdirected messages, illegal or fraudulent use of e-mail, alleged violations
of policies, property interests, or privacy protections, including civil or criminal laws, or interruptions or delays in e-mail service.
We may also face purported consumer class actions or state actions relating to our online services, including our fee-based services.
In addition, our customers, third parties, or government entities may assert claims or actions against us if our online services or technologies
are used to spread or facilitate malicious or harmful code or applications. 

Investigating and defending these
types of claims are expensive, even if the claims are without merit or do not ultimately result in liability and could subject us to significant
monetary liability or cause a change in business practices that could negatively impact our ability to compete. 

Our business depends on continued and unimpeded
access to the Internet by us and our users. Internet access providers may be able to block, degrade, or charge for access to certain of
our products and services, which could lead to additional expenses and the loss of users and advertisers. 

Our products and services depend
on the ability of our users to access the Internet, and certain of our products require significant bandwidth to work effectively. Currently,
this access is provided by companies that have significant market power in the broadband and internet access marketplace, including incumbent
telephone companies, cable companies, mobile communications companies, and government-owned service providers. Some of these providers
may take, or have stated that they may take, measures that could degrade, disrupt, or increase the cost of user access to certain of our
products by restricting or prohibiting the use of their infrastructure to support or facilitate our offerings, or by charging increased
fees to us or our users to provide our offerings. Such interference could result in a loss of existing users and advertisers, and increased
costs, and could impair our ability to attract new users and advertisers, thereby harming our revenues and growth. The adoption of any
laws or regulations that limit access to the Internet by blocking, degrading or charging access fees to us or our users for certain services
could decrease the demand for, or the usage of, our products and services, increase our cost of doing business and adversely affect our
operating results. 

We may be unable to achieve some, all or any of the benefits that
we expect to achieve from our plan to expand our operations. 

In the future we may require additional
financing for capital requirements and growth initiatives. Accordingly, we will depend on our ability to generate cash flows from operations
and to borrow funds and issue securities in the capital markets to maintain and expand our business. We may need to incur debt on terms
and at interest rates that may not be as favorable. If additional financing is not available when required or is not available on acceptable
terms, we may be unable to operate our business as planned or at all, fund our expansion, successfully promote our business, develop or
enhance our products and services, take advantage of business opportunities or respond to competitive pressures, any of which could have
a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

15 

 Table of Contents 

Risks Related with Management and Control Persons 

We are dependent on the continued services of
our interim Chief Executive Officer, Chair and Chief Financial Officer, and if we fail to keep them or fail to attract and retain qualified
senior executive and key technical personnel, our business will not be able to expand. 

We are dependent on the continued
availability of Stephen Morris, our interim CEO and Chair, and David Chetwood our CFO, and the availability of new employees to implement
our business plans. The market for skilled employees is highly competitive, especially for employees in our industry. Although we expect
that our planned compensation programs will be intended to attract and retain the employees required for us to be successful, there can
be no assurance that we will be able to retain the services of all our key employees or a sufficient number to execute our plans, nor
can there be any assurance we will be able to continue to attract new employees as required. 

Our personnel may voluntarily terminate their
relationship with us at any time, and competition for qualified personnel is intense. The process of locating additional personnel with
the combination of skills and attributes required to carry out our strategy could be lengthy, costly and disruptive. 

If we lose the services of key
personnel or fail to replace the services of key personnel who depart, we could experience a severe negative effect on our financial results
and stock price. The loss of the services of any key personnel, marketing or other personnel or our failure to attract, integrate, motivate
and retain additional key employees could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating and financial results and stock price. 

Our largest shareholder, officer and director
and a related party, Stephen Morris, has substantial control over us and our policies and will be able to influence corporate matters. 

Stephen Morris is our interim
CEO, and Director of our company. Mr. Morris, whose interests may differ from other stockholders, is also our largest stockholder and
has the ability to exercise significant control over us. He is able to exercise significant influence over all matters requiring approval
by our stockholders, including the election of directors, the approval of significant corporate transactions, and any change of control
of our company. Mr. Morris interests may not necessarily be in the best interests of the shareholders in general. 

The elimination of monetary liability against
our directors, officers and employees under our Articles of Incorporation and the existence of indemnification rights to our directors,
officers and employees may result in substantial expenditures by our Company and may discourage lawsuits against our directors, officers
and employees. 

Our Amended and Restated Articles
of Incorporation contain provisions that eliminate the liability of our directors for monetary damages to our Company and shareholders.
Our Amended and Restated Bylaws also require us to indemnify our officers and directors. We may also have contractual indemnification
obligations under our agreements with our directors, officers and employees. The foregoing indemnification obligations could result in
our company incurring substantial expenditures to cover the cost of settlement or damage awards against directors, officers and employees
that we may be unable to recoup. These provisions and resulting costs may also discourage our company from bringing a lawsuit against
directors, officers and employees for breaches of their fiduciary duties, and may similarly discourage the filing of derivative litigation
by our shareholders against our directors, officers and employees even though such actions, if successful, might otherwise benefit our
Company and shareholders. 

Our officers and directors have limited experience managing a public
company. 

Our officers and directors have
limited experience managing a public company. Consequently, we may not be able to raise any funds or run our public company successfully.
Our executive s officer s and director s lack of experience of managing a public company could cause you to lose some
or all of your investment. 

16 

 Table of Contents 

Risks Related to the Market for our Stock 

We will likely conduct further offerings of
our equity securities in the future, in which case your proportionate interest may become diluted. 

We will likely be required to
conduct equity offerings in the future to finance our current projects or to finance subsequent projects that we decide to undertake.
If our common stock shares are issued in return for additional funds, the price per share could be lower than that paid by our current
shareholders. We anticipate continuing to rely on equity sales of our common stock shares in order to fund our business operations. If
we issue additional common stock shares or securities convertible into shares of our common stock, your percentage interest in us could
become diluted. 

We have the right to issue additional common
stock and preferred stock without consent of stockholders. This would have the effect of diluting investors ownership and could
decrease the value of their investment. 

We have additional authorized,
but unissued shares of our common stock that may be issued by us for any purpose without the consent or vote of our stockholders that
would dilute stockholders percentage ownership of our company. 

In addition, our certificate of
incorporation authorizes the issuance of shares of preferred stock and/or the conversion of existing outstanding preferred stock into
common stock, the rights, preferences, designations and limitations of which may be set by the Board of Directors. Our certificate of
incorporation has authorized issuance of up 3,000,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.01 per share, and up to 25,000,000 shares
of preferred stock, par value 0.001 per share, in the discretion of our Board. 

The shares of authorized but unissued
preferred stock may be issued upon Board of Directors approval; no further stockholder action is required. If issued, the rights, preferences,
designations and limitations of such preferred stock would be set by our Board and could operate to the disadvantage of the outstanding
common stock. Such terms could include, among others, preferences as to dividends and distributions on liquidation. 

If a market for our common stock does not develop,
shareholders may be unable to sell their shares. 

Our common stock is quoted under
the symbol BBLR on the OTC Pink operated by OTC Markets Group, Inc., an electronic inter-dealer quotation medium for equity
securities. We do not currently have an active trading market. There can be no assurance that an active and liquid trading market will
develop or, if developed, that it will be sustained. 

Our securities are very thinly
traded. Accordingly, it may be difficult to sell shares of our common stock without significantly depressing the value of the stock. Unless
we are successful in developing continued investor interest in our stock, sales of our stock could continue to result in major fluctuations
in the price of the stock. 

We have recently terminated an
application for our common stock and warrants to be listed on Nasdaq. We plan to revisit listing, if and when we are eligible, but we
are currently attempting to upgrade from the OTC Pink tier of OTC Markets to the more sought after OTCQB tier of OTC Markets. Despite
any effort, however, an active trading market may not develop or, if developed, may not be sustained. The lack of an active market may
impair your ability to sell your shares at the time you wish to sell them or at a price that you consider reasonable. The lack of an active
market may also reduce the fair value of your shares. An inactive market may also impair our ability to raise capital to continue to fund
operations by selling shares and may impair our ability to acquire other companies or technologies by using our shares as consideration. 

17 

 Table of Contents 

The market price of our common stock is likely
to be highly volatile and could fluctuate widely in price in response to various factors, many of which are beyond our control. 

Our stock price is subject to a number of factors, including: 

Technological innovations or new products and services by us or our competitors; 

Government regulation of our products and services; 

The establishment of partnerships with other ethical web companies; 

Intellectual property disputes; 

Additions or departures of key personnel; 

Sales of our common stock; 

Our ability to integrate operations, technology, products and services; 

Our ability to execute our business plan; 

Operating results below or exceeding expectations 

Whether we achieve profits or not; 

Loss or addition of any strategic relationship; 

Industry developments; 

Economic and other external factors; and 

Period-to-period fluctuations in our financial results 

Our stock price may fluctuate
widely as a result of any of the above. In addition, the securities markets have from time to time experienced significant price and volume
fluctuations that are unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. These market fluctuations may also materially and
adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 

We may not be required to file periodic and
other reports after a period if we fail to file a form 8-A. 

We are required to file annual
and quarterly reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission; however, we will not be subject to the proxy or other rules of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, unless we file a form 8-A or similar registration statement. 

Shortly following this annual
report, we intend voluntarily to file a registration statement on Form 8-A which will subject us to all of the full reporting
requirements of the 1934 Act. This will require us to file quarterly and annual reports with the SEC and will also subject us to the proxy
rules of the SEC. In addition, our officers, directors and 10 stockholders will be required to submit reports to the SEC on their stock
ownership and stock trading activity. We are not required under Section 12(g) or otherwise to become a mandatory 1934 Act filer unless
we have more than 500 shareholders and total assets of more than 10 million. 

Potential investors may be less interested in purchasing
our stock if we are not required to report to the SEC and the hold period for our securities under Rule 144 would increase from six months
to one year. 

Because we are subject to the Penny Stock rules, the
level of trading activity in our stock may be reduced. 

The Securities and Exchange Commission
has adopted regulations which generally define penny stock to be any listed, trading equity security that has a market price
less than 5.00 per share or an exercise price of less than 5.00 per share, subject to certain exemptions. The penny stock rules require
a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure
document that provides information about penny stocks and the risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer must also provide the
customer with current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock, the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction,
and monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer s account. In addition, the penny
stock rules generally require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock, the broker-dealer make a special written determination that
the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s written agreement to the transaction. These
disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in the secondary market for a stock that becomes
subject to the penny stock rules which may increase the difficulty Purchasers may experience in attempting to liquidate such securities. 

18 

 Table of Contents 

We do not expect to pay dividends in the foreseeable
future. Any return on investment may be limited to the value of our common stock. 

We do not anticipate paying cash
dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. The payment of dividends on our common stock will depend on earnings, financial
condition and other business and economic factors affecting it at such time as the board of directors may consider relevant. If we do
not pay dividends, our common stock may be less valuable because a return on your investment will occur only if our stock price appreciates. 

The requirements of
being a public company may strain our resources and divert management s attention. 

As a
public company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (which we refer to as
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act), the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (which we refer to as the Dodd-Frank Act), the
rules of the marketplace we area on, and other applicable securities rules and regulations. Compliance with these rules and regulations
will increase our legal and financial compliance costs, make some activities more difficult, time-consuming or costly and increase demand
on our systems and resources, particularly after we are no longer a smaller reporting company. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires,
among other things, that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. In order
to maintain and, if required, improve our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting to meet this
standard, significant resources and management oversight may be required. As a result, management s attention may be diverted from
other business concerns, which could adversely affect our business and operating results. We may need to hire more employees in the future
or engage outside consultants to comply with these requirements, which will increase our costs and expenses. 

In addition,
changing laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure are creating uncertainty for public companies,
increasing legal and financial compliance costs and making some activities more time consuming. These laws, regulations and standards
are subject to varying interpretations, in many cases due to their lack of specificity, and, as a result, their application in practice
may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies. This could result in continuing uncertainty regarding
compliance matters and higher costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to disclosure and governance practices. We intend to invest resources
to comply with evolving laws, regulations and standards, and this investment may result in increased general and administrative expenses
and a diversion of management s time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities. If our efforts to
comply with new laws, regulations and standards differ from the activities intended by regulatory or governing bodies due to ambiguities
related to their application and practice, regulatory authorities may initiate legal proceedings against us and our business may be adversely
affected. 

As a smaller reporting company we are exempt
from certain disclosure requirements, which could make our Common Stock less attractive to potential investors. 

Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act
defines a smaller reporting company as an issuer that is not an investment company, an asset-backed issuer, or a majority-owned
subsidiary of a parent that is not a smaller reporting company and that: 

had a public float of less than 250 million as of the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter, computed by multiplying the aggregate worldwide number of shares of our voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates by the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average of the bid and asked prices of common equity, in the principal market for the common equity; or 

in the case of an initial registration statement under the Securities Act, or the Exchange Act, for shares of our common equity, had a public float of less than 250 million as of a date within 30 days of the date of the filing of the registration statement, computed by multiplying the aggregate worldwide number of such shares held by non-affiliates before the registration plus, in the case of a Securities Act registration statement, the number of such shares included in the registration statement by the estimated public offering price of the shares; or 

in the case of an issuer whose public float as calculated under paragraph (1) or (2) of this definition was zero, had annual revenues of less than 100 million during the most recently completed fiscal year for which audited financial statements are available. 

As a smaller reporting company, we will not be required
and may not include a Compensation Discussion and Analysis section in our proxy statements; we will provide only two years of financial
statements; and we need not provide the table of selected financial data. We also will have other scaled disclosure requirements
that are less comprehensive than issuers that are not smaller reporting companies which could make our Common Stock less attractive to
potential investors, which could make it more difficult for our stockholders to sell their shares. 

19 

 Table of Contents 

If securities or industry analysts do not publish
research or reports about our business, or publish negative reports about our business, our share price and trading volume could decline. 

The trading market for our common
stock will, to some extent, depend on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us or our business.
We do not have any control over these analysts. If one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrade our shares or change their opinion
of our shares, our share price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of us or fail to regularly publish
reports on us, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which could cause our share price or trading volume to decline. 

Anti-takeover provisions
that may be in our charter and bylaws may prevent or frustrate attempts by stockholders to change the board of directors or current management
and could make a third-party acquisition of us difficult. 

Our amended
and restated articles of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws may contain provisions that may discourage, delay or prevent a
merger, acquisition or other change in control that stockholders may consider favorable, including transactions in which stockholders
might otherwise receive a premium for their shares. These provisions could limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the
future for shares of our Common Stock. 

We may be subject to securities litigation,
which is expensive and could divert management attention. 

In the past companies that have
experienced volatility in the market price of their stock have been subject to securities class action litigation. We may be the target
of this type of litigation in the future. Litigation of this type could result in substantial costs and diversion of management s
attention and resources, which could seriously hurt our business. Any adverse determination in litigation could also subject us to significant
liabilities. 

Foreign currency exchange
rates may adversely affect our financial results . 

Sales
and purchases in currencies other than the United States dollar expose us to fluctuations in foreign currencies relative to the United
States dollar and may adversely affect our financial results. Increased strength of the United States dollar increases the effective price
of our products sold in United States dollars into other countries, which may require us to lower its prices or adversely affect sales
to the extent we do not increase local currency prices. Decreased strength of the United States dollar could adversely affect the cost
of materials, products and services we purchase from non-United States denominated locations. Sales and expenses of our non-United States
businesses are also translated into United States dollars for SEC reporting purposes and the strengthening or weakening of the United
States dollar could result in unfavorable translation effects. We also face exchange rate risk from our investments in subsidiaries owned
and operated in foreign countries. 

Current economic and
political conditions make tax rules in any jurisdiction subject to significant change. 

We are
subject to income taxes as well as non-income based taxes, in both the U.S. and ultimately various jurisdictions outside the U.S. where
we intend to operate. We cannot predict the overall impact that changes or revisions to any such tax laws and regulations, whether in
in the United States or in jurisdictions outside the United States, may have on our business. We may be subject to ongoing tax audits
in various jurisdictions, and the tax authorities conducting such audits may disagree with certain taxation positions we have taken and
assess additional taxes. Although we intend to regularly assess the likely outcomes of these audits in order to determine the appropriateness
of our tax obligations, there can be no assurance that we will accurately predict the outcomes of these audits, and the actual outcomes
of these audits could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and business operations. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 

None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. 

We own no property. We rent virtual
space at 21 West 46th St, New York, NY 10036 and Westpoint, 4 Redheughs Rigg, South Gyle, Edinburgh,
Lothian, EH12 9QD. The 12-month agreement for the New York property was signed in August 2021 for twelve months, thereafter on
a monthly basis, at a monthly rate of 200. The 12-month agreement for the UK property was signed in June 2022 for twelve months, at a
monthly rate of 100. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

We may from time to time be involved
in various claims and legal proceedings of a nature we believe are normal and incidental to our business. These matters may include product
liability, intellectual property, employment, personal injury cause by our employees, and other general claims. We are not presently a
party to any legal proceedings that, in the opinion of our management, are likely to have a material adverse effect on our business. Regardless
of outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources and
other factors. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

Not applicable. 

20 

 Table of Contents 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY,
RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

Market Information 

Our common stock is quoted under
the symbol BBLR on the OTC Pink operated by OTC Markets Group, Inc., an electronic inter-dealer quotation medium for equity
securities. We do not currently have an active trading market. There can be no assurance that an active and liquid trading market will
develop or, if developed, that it will be sustained. 

Our securities are very thinly
traded. Accordingly, it may be difficult to sell shares of our common stock without significantly depressing the value of the stock. Unless
we are successful in developing continued investor interest in our stock, sales of our stock could continue to result in major fluctuations
in the price of the stock. 

We have recently terminated an
application for our common stock and warrants to be listed on Nasdaq. We plan to revisit listing, if and when we are eligible, but we
are currently attempting to upgrade from the OTC Pink tier of OTC Markets to the more sought after OTCQB tier of OTC Markets. Despite
any effort, however, an active trading market may not develop or, if developed, may not be sustained. The lack of an active market may
impair your ability to sell your shares at the time you wish to sell them or at a price that you consider reasonable. The lack of an active
market may also reduce the fair value of your shares. An inactive market may also impair our ability to raise capital to continue to fund
operations by selling shares and may impair our ability to acquire other companies or technologies by using our shares as consideration. 

Holders 

As
of March 28, 2023 we had 155,738,983 shares of our common stock outstanding, and there were approximately 810 stockholders of record of
our common stock. There were 903 shares of preferred stock outstanding as of the same date, which shares are held by two shareholders . 

Common Stock 

Our
authorized common stock consists of 3,000,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.01 per share. As of March 28, 2023, there were
155,738,983 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding. 

Preferred Stock 

Our
authorized preferred stock consists of 25,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.001 per share. As of March 28, 2023, there
were 903 shares of our preferred stock issued and outstanding. 

Special 2019 Series
A Preferred Stock 

We
have a designated class of preferred stock known as Special 2019 Series A Preferred Stock. The holders of Special 2019 Series A Preferred
Stock are entitled to vote 60 
of all votes (including, but not limited to, Common Stock, and Preferred Stock (including on an as converted basis)) entitled to vote
at each meeting of stockholders of the Corporation (and written actions of stockholders in lieu of meetings) with respect to any and
all matters presented to the stockholders of the Corporation for their action or consideration. 

On September
6, 2022, we entered into an agreement with Bubblr Limited and Mr. Morris to add 52,088 60,000) to the principal of a loan in
exchange for Mr. Morris canceling his Special 2019 Series A Preferred Stock, which has super voting rights. As of March 28, 2023, there
are no outstanding shares of Special 2019 Series A Preferred Stock. 

21 

 Table of Contents 

Series
C Convertible Preferred Stock 

On
March 4, 2022, the Company filed a Certificate of Designation with the Wyoming Secretary of State, which established Two Thousand (2,000)
shares of the Company s Series C Convertible Preferred Stock, having such designations, rights and preferences as set forth therein. 

Below
is a summary description of the material rights, designations and preferences of the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock (all capitalized
terms not otherwise defined herein shall have that definition assigned to it as per the Certificate of Designation). 

The
Company has the right to redeem the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock, in accordance with the following schedule: 

If
 all of the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock are redeemed within ninety (90) calendar days from the issuance date thereof, the
 Company shall have the right to redeem the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock upon three (3) business days of written notice
 at a price equal to one hundred and fifteen percent (115 of the Stated Value together with any accrued but unpaid dividends. 

If
 all of the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock are redeemed after ninety (90) calendar days from the issuance date thereof, the
 Company shall have the right to redeem the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock upon three (3) business days of written notice at
 a price equal to one hundred and twenty percent (120 of the Stated Value together with any accrued but unpaid dividends; and 

The
Stated Value of the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock is 1,200 per share. 

The
Company shall pay a dividend of eight percent (8 per annum on the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock. Dividends shall be paid quarterly,
and at the Company s discretion, in cash or Series C Convertible Preferred Stock. Dividend shall be deemed to accrue from the date
of issuance of the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock whether or not earned or declared and whether or not there are profits, surplus
or other funds of the Company legally available for the payment of dividends. 

The
Series C Convertible Preferred Stock will vote together with the common stock on an as-converted basis subject to the Beneficial Ownership
Limitations (as set forth in the Certificate of Designation). 

Each
share of the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock is convertible, at any time and from time to time from and after the issuance at the
option of the Holder thereof, into that number of shares of Common Stock (subject to Beneficial Ownership Limitations) determined by dividing
the Stated Value of such share by the Conversion Price (as set forth in the Certificate of Designation). 

There
are also Purchase Rights and Most Favored Nation Provisions. 

As of
March 28, 2023, there were 903 outstanding shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock outstanding. 

Options and
Warrants 

On
March 4, 2022, we issued warrants to purchase 941,599 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.3404 per share. 

On
March 9, 2022, we issued warrants to purchase 472,205 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.3404 per share. 

22 

 Table of Contents 

On
April 25 2022, we issued warrants to purchase 562,149 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.3505 per share. 

On
May 25 2022, we issued warrants to purchase 281,074 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.2170 per share. 

On
June 25 2022, we issued warrants to purchase 281,074 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.2236 per share. 

A
summary of activity during the year ended December 31, 2022 is as follows: 

Warrants
 Outstanding 

Number of 
 Weighted Average 
 Weighted Average Remaining life 

Warrants 
 Exercise
 Price 
 (years) 

Outstanding, December 31, 2021 

Granted 
 2,358,101 
 0.32 
 4.27 
 
 Exercised 

Forfeited/canceled 

Outstanding, December 31, 2022 
 2,358,101 
 0.32 
 4.27 

Exercisable Warrants, December 31, 2022 
 2,538,101 
 0.32 
 4.27 

The
following table summarizes information relating to outstanding and exercisable warrants as of December 31, 2022: 

Warrants Outstanding 

Warrants Exercisable 

Number of 

Weighted Average Remaining Contractual life 

Weighted Average 

Number of 

Weighted Average 

Warrants 

(in years) 

Exercise Price 

Shares 

Exercise Price 

941,599 

4.18 

0.34 

941,599 

0.34 

472,205 

4.19 

0.34 

472,205 

0.34 

562,149 

4.32 

0.35 

562,149 

0.35 

281,074 

4.40 

0.22 

281,074 

0.22 

281,074 

4.48 

0.22 

281,074 

0.22 

2,538,101 

4.27 

0.32 

5,538,101 

0.32 

As
at December 31, 2022, the intrinsic value of the warrants is 0, as the price of the Company s stock was below the warrant
exercise price. 

23 

 Table of Contents 

Debt Securities 

In January 2021 the Company commenced
an offering for a convertible promissory note. The offering closed June 30, 2021. Funds raised during the six months ended June 30, 2021
was 2,112,150, less an original issuance discount of 104,572. The notes matured after eighteen (18) months from issue or on the following
events: 

Voluntary Conversion. Investor may, at his/her/its sole option, at any time after nine (9) months, convert all or any portion of the accrued interest and unpaid principal balance of this Note into fully paid and non- assessable shares of common stock of the Company at the conversion price of 1.15 per share. 

Mandatory Conversion. Upon sixty (60) days from the date the Company files a registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), all of the accrued interest and unpaid principal balance of this Note shall automatically convert into fully paid and non- assessable shares of common stock of the Company at the conversion price of 1.15 per share. 

Interest at the rate equal to 2 per annum, computed on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed and a year of 365 days will be due on all outstanding notes. 

Interest accrual and debt discount amortization commenced July 1, 2021 upon the closing of the convertible promissory note offering. 

In November 2021 the
Company commenced an offering for a convertible promissory note. The offering closed November 30, 2021. Funds raised as of November 30,
2021 was 175,630. The notes matured after eighteen (18) months from issue or on the following events: 

Voluntary Conversion. Investor may, at his/her/its sole option, at any time after nine (9) months, convert all or any portion of the accrued interest and unpaid principal balance of this Note into fully paid and non- assessable shares of common stock of the Company at the conversion price of 1.15 per share. 

Mandatory Conversion. Upon sixty (60) days from the date the Company files a Form 10 registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), all of the accrued interest and unpaid principal balance of this Note shall automatically convert into fully paid and non- assessable shares of common stock of the Company at the conversion price of 1.15 per share. 

Interest at the rate equal to 2 per annum, computed on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed and a year of 365 days will be due on all outstanding notes. 

Interest accrual commenced December 1, 2021 upon the closing of the convertible promissory note offering. 

On September 1, 2022, the note holders of
the convertible promissory notes issued June 30, 2021 and November 30, 2021 passed, by a majority an amendment to Section 6 of the notes.
After the amendment, Section 6 of each of the notes read as follows: 

Voluntary Conversion .
Investor may, at his/her/its sole option, at any time after nine (9) months, convert all or any portion of the accrued interest and unpaid
principal balance of this Note into fully paid and non- assessable shares of common stock, par value 0.01 per share, of the Company
at the conversion price of 1.15 per share (the Conversion Price ). A notice of Conversion is included as Exhibit A. 
If the Company shall at any time or from time to time after issuance of this Note, effect a stock split of the outstanding common stock,
the applicable Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to the stock split shall be proportionately decreased. If the Company shall
at any time or from time to time after the issuance of this Note, combine the outstanding shares of common stock, the applicable Conversion
Price in effect immediately prior to the combination shall be proportionately increased. Any adjustments under this Section 6 shall be
effective at the close of business on the date the stock split or combination occurs. 

24 

 Table of Contents 

On December 15, 2022, the note holders of
the convertible promissory notes issued June 30, 2021 and November 30, 2021 passed, by a majority another amendment to Section 6 of the
notes. After the amendment, Section 6 of each of the notes now read as follows: 

Voluntary
Conversion . Investor may, at his/her/its sole option, at any time after nine (9) months, convert all or any portion of the accrued
interest and unpaid principal balance of this Note into fully paid and non-assessable shares of common stock, par value 0.01 per share,
of the Company at the conversion price of 0.50 per share (the Conversion Price ). A notice of Conversion is included as
Exhibit A. If the Company shall at any time or from time to time after issuance of this Note, effect a stock split of the
outstanding common stock, the applicable Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to the stock split shall be proportionately decreased.
If the Company shall at any time or from time to time after the issuance of this Note, combine the outstanding shares of common stock,
the applicable Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to the combination shall be proportionately increased. Any adjustments under
this Section 6 shall be effective at the close of business on the date the stock split or combination occurs. 

On December 15, 2022, the note holders of the
convertible promissory note issued June 30, 2021 and November 30, 2021 issued to the Company their request to convert the promissory notes
held, plus any accrued interest to common shares. As a result, the Company issued 4,076, 096 common shares for total note and interest
conversion of 2,353,048. 

Dividends 

The
Company has not declared any cash
dividends on Common Stock since inception and does not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. The payment of
cash dividends is within the discretion of the Board of Directors and will depend on the Company s earnings, capital requirements,
financial condition, and other relevant factors. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, so long as any Series C Convertible Preferred Stock shall remain outstanding, the Company shall not pay or declare any
dividend unless each holder of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, dividends on shares of Preferred Stock
equal to (on an as-if-converted-to- Common-Stock basis) and in the same form as dividends actually paid on shares of the Common Stock
when, as and if such dividends are paid on shares of the Common Stock. 

The Company is required to pay
a dividend of eight percent (8 per annum on the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock. Dividends shall be paid quarterly, and at the
Company s discretion, in cash or Series C Convertible Preferred Stock. Dividend shall be deemed to accrue from the date of issuance
of the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock whether or not earned or declared and whether or not there are profits, surplus or other funds
of the Company legally available for the payment of dividends. 

Equity Compensation
Plans 

On May 25, 2022, our board of
directors and majority shareholders approved the adoption of the Bubblr, Inc. 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2022 Equity Incentive
Plan and, unless earlier terminated, will continue until May 25, 2032. A total of 28,400,000 shares of common stock may be issued
under the 2022 Equity Incentive Plan. The purpose of the 2022 Equity Incentive Plan is to foster and promote our long-term financial success
and increase stockholder value by motivating performance through incentive compensation. The 2022 Equity Incentive Plan is intended to
encourage participants to acquire and maintain ownership interests in our company and to attract and retain the services of talented individuals
upon whose judgment and special efforts the successful conduct of our business is largely dependent. 

If the participant is terminated,
the participant will forfeit non-vested Restricted Stock Units RSUs awarded to date. 

During the year ended December
31, 2022, the Company issued pursuant to the 2022 Equity Incentive Plan, a total of 8,400,000 RSUs to two Company executives
pursuant to their employment agreements. 4,200,000 shares of performance-based stock compensation were scheduled to vest on each of June
1, 2023 and June 1, 2024, respectively. The Company had elected to treat the award as a single award of 8,400,000 shares that vests ratably
over the vesting period. 

25 

 Table of Contents 

The RSUs were valued at 2,259,600,
based on the market price of the Company s common stock on the respective dates of the agreements, which was 0.269 per share,
and were to be recognized as compensation expense over their two-year vesting period on a
straight-line basis. During year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded stock-based compensation of 659,052 and had unrecognized
stock compensation of 1,600,548 as of December 31, 2022. 

The award of 8,400,000 RSUs was
forfeited by the executives upon their termination of employment on January 31, 2023, on which date the remaining unrecognized stock compensation
of 1,600,548 was expensed in full. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

In the two years preceding the
filing of this annual report, we have issued and sold the following securities that were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended: 

On September 9, 2020, we issued
4,573,897 shares of common stock in connection with the acquisition of Bubblr Limited. 

On January 18, 2021, we issued
2,651 shares of common stock in conversion of the Series B Preferred Stock. 

On January 31, 2021, we issued
306,120 shares of common stock for services. 

On January 31, 2021, we issued
24,000 shares of common stock for Investor Relation services. 

On May 3, 2021, we issued 7,000,000
shares of common stock for the settlement of debt. 

On June 28 2021, we issued 204,080
shares of common stock for services. 

On October 11, 2021, we issued
51,020 shares of common stock to Neeta Shah, as per her consulting agreement October 1, 2021. 

On October 11, 2021, we issued
33,000 shares of common stock for Investor Relation services, as per the contract signed July 1, 2021. 

On February 2, 2022 we issued
103,000 shares of common stock for an Equity incentive to White Lion Capital LLC. 

On February 23, 2022, we issued
147,960 shares of common stock for Services. 

On March 4, 2022 we issued 587,039
shares of common stock for an Equity incentive to GHS Investments, LLC. 

On March 17, 2022, we issued 19,250
shares of common stock for Investor Relation services, as per the contract signed July 1, 2021. 

On March 22, 2022 we issued 103,000
shares of common stock in connection with a Termination and Release Agreement that terminated the Common Stock Purchase Agreement and
Registration Rights Agreement with White Lion Capital LLC. 

In March of 2022, we issued 503
shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock. 

On April 21, 2022, we issued 200 shares of Series
C Convertible Preferred Stock. 

26 

 Table of Contents 

On May 1, 2022, we issued 21,807
shares of common stock for Investor Relation services, as per the contract signed March 25, 2021. 

On May 25, 2022 we issued 100
shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock. 

On June 24, 2022, we issued 26,022
shares of common stock for Investor Relation services, as per the contract signed March 25, 2021. 

On June 24, 2022, we issued 7,597,244
shares of common stock in connection with Consultancy as per the contract signed 15 June 2019. 

On June 24, 2022 we issued 100
shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock. 

On July 29, 2022, we issued 29,045
shares of common stock for Investor Relation services, as per the contract signed March 25, 2021 

On August 23, 2022, we issued
33,333 shares of common stock for Investor Relation services, as per the contract signed March 25, 2021 

On September 2, 2022,
we issued 345,220 shares of common stock as compensation 345,220 shares as compensation for loan waiver under Series C Convertible Preferred
Stock share purchase agreement. 

 On September 2, 2022, we issued
34,146 shares of common stock for Investor Relation services, as per the contract signed March 25, 2021 

On October 20, 2022, we issued
36,939 shares of common stock for Investor Relation services, as per the contract signed March 25, 2021 

On November 28, 2022, we issued
175,000 shares of common stock for Investor Relation services, as per the contract signed March 25, 2021 

On December 15, 2022, we issued
4,706,096 shares of common stock as per the voluntary conversion of promissory notes issued June 30, 2021 and November 5, 2021 

On December 21, 2022, we issued
166,799 shares of common stock as payment of dividend of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock, declared September 30, 2022 

On
December 21, 2022, we issued 41,322 shares of common stock
for Investor Relation services, as per the contract signed March 25, 2022 

On January 23, 2023 we issued
58,091 shares of common stock for Investor Relation services, as per the contract signed March 25, 2022 

On February 24, 2023 46,574 shares
of common stock valued at 7,000 were issued to a consultant for investor relation services, as per the contract signed March 25, 2022 

On February 24, 2023 we issued
1,000,000 shares of common stock for Investor Relation services, as per the contract signed February 14, 2023 

On February 24, 2023 we issued
325,000 shares of common stock for Investor Relation services, as per the contract signed February 23, 2023 

The offers, sales, and issuances
of the securities described above were deemed to be exempt from registration under the Securities Act in reliance on Section 4(a)(2) of
the Securities Act or Regulation D promulgated thereunder as transactions by an issuer not involving a public offering. The recipients
of securities in each of these transactions acquired the securities for investment only and not with a view to or for sale in connection
with any distribution thereof and appropriate legends were affixed to the securities issued in these transactions. Each of the recipients
of securities in these transactions was an accredited or sophisticated person and had adequate access, through employment, business or
other relationships, to information about us. 

27 

 Table of Contents 

ITEM 6. SELECTED
FINANCIAL DATA. 

Not
applicable to a smaller reporting company. 

ITEM 7.
MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The
following discussion and analysis of our results of operations and financial condition should be read in conjunction with our financial
statements and the notes to those financial statements that are included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our discussion
includes forward-looking statements based upon current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties, such as our plans, objectives,
expectations and intentions. Actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking
statements as a result of a number of factors. See Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements at the beginning
of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Results of Operation for Years Ended December 31,
2022 and 2021 

Revenues 

We did not achieve revenues from
our current operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. We will not achieve revenues unless we are able to market, support
and deliver our product and service offerings. There can be no assurances that we will achieve revenues despite our efforts. 

Operating Expenses 

Our operations for the year
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are outlined below: 

Year
 Ended December 31, 

2022 
 
 2021 
 
 Change 

General and administrative 

65,551 

126,399 

(60,848) 
 
 (48) 
 
 Professional Fees 

2,879,759 

2,069,876 

809,883 

39 
 
 Market and regulation costs 

198,455 

170,441 

28,014 

16 
 
 Compensation 

671,224 

612,735 

58,489 

10 
 
 Amortization and depreciation 

387,302 

379,887 

7,415 

2 
 
 Research and development 

94,645 

302,808 

(208,163) 
 
 (69) 

Total 

4,296,936 

3,662,146 

634,790 

17 

General and administrative 

General
and administrative expenses consist mainly of costs associated with non-specific costs of running the business. These include but are
not limited to the costs of office provision, computer software not associated with research and development, travel, and telecoms. 

The
decrease in the costs have been mainly due to the decreased costs associated with general advertising spending undertaken in 2021 
 that was not repeated in 2022. 

Professional fees 

Professional
fees consist of cost in relation to legal, accounting, marketing matters as well as the costs of consultants for our executive and advisory
board. 

The increase
in consultancy costs from 2021 to 2022 is mainly due to the issuance of common stock for consultancy work, and legal fees associated with
increased reporting requirements with the SEC pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act and the Company s S-1 filings and application for up-listing to the NASDAQ, as well as of costs regarding the executive board and
the recognition of earned stock-based awards under the 2022 incentive plan. 

28 

 Table of Contents 

Market and regulation
expenses 

Market
and regulation costs are cost incurred specifically in relation to fees and expenses for investor relations, our transfer agent, compliance
consultancy and/or market public relations firm. 

The increase
in costs from 2021 to 2022 is the result of increase in investor relations and market application fee costs as the Company pursues in
stated objective of increasing market awareness and progressing with an application for up-listing. 

Compensation 

Compensation
costs are costs incurred by the company in relation to its employees and includes salaries, health insurance, pension costs, training,
and any taxes due on employment. 

The increase
in costs from 2021 to 2022 was due to the increase of costs regarding the recognition of earned stock-based awards under the 2022
incentive plan offset by savings in salaries and general employment costs from 2021 and 2022 as the Company reduced its UK employees and
engaged specialist consultants on an as needed basis. 

Amortization and depreciation 

The significant
portion of the costs recorded by the Company in regards amortization and depreciation are from the amortization of patents and intellectual
property. The majority of patents and intellectual property are held in the UK subsidiary, Bubblr Ltd. 

Increase
in costs from 2021 to 2022 are due to the additional amortization applied to intellectual property added in Q4 2021 and patents costs
of patents granted in 2021 for our patent entitled Internet-Search Mechanism patent, being offset by the adverse effects
of foreign currency fluctuation on the value of the Great British Pound which has fallen significantly against the United States Dollar
in the 12 months to December 31, 2022. 

Research and Development 

Cost
incurred in relation to development of the Company s platform includes mainly costs associated with development staff and specialist
software for product development and deployments. 

The reduction
in costs from 2021 to 2022 resulted from the Company reducing the number of software development contractors as we focused on corporate
and financing issues. 

Our operating expenses are expected
to increase as we further implement our business plan and the added expenses associated with this offering and reporting with the Securities
and Exchange Commission. 

Other Income (Expenses) 

Our other income for the year ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 are outlined below: 

Year
 Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Change 

Interest
 income 
 
 1,553 
 1,554 
 (1 

Other
 income 
 
 142,212 
 75,263 
 66,949 
 89 
 
 Gain
 on settlement of debt 

5,000 
 (5,000 

Interest
 expense 
 
 (575,777 
 (65,316 
 (510,461 
 782 
 
 Gain
 on change in fair value of warrant derivative liability 
 
 494,753 
 
 494,753 

Foreign
 currency transaction loss 
 
 (191,454 
 (47,842 
 (143,612 
 300 

Total 
 (128,713 
 (31,341 
 (497,372 
 311 

29 

 Table of Contents 

Interest Income 

The Company
earns interest income on its cash reserves and on advances receivable. Any gain on interest from the advances receivable was offset in
part by the decrease in interest income from the Company s cash, which decreased during the year. 

As of
December 31, 2022 and 2021, interest income was received on the following sources: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Change 

Advances receivable 
 
 1,473 
 1,407 
 66 
 5 
 
 Cash 
 
 80 
 147 
 (67 
 (46) 

Total 
 1,553 
 1,554 
 (1 
 - 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, advances receivable consisted of the following: 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Advance receivable -G 
 58,606 
 54,529 
 
 Advance receivable -J 
 21,643 
 21,643 
 
 Repayment received 
 (1,231 

Interest due 
 1,891 
 4,079 
 
 Assignment of receivables 
 (71,540 

Effects of currency translation 
 (9,369 

Total advances receivable 
 
 80,251 

The advance labelled Advance principal
receivable-G carried an interest rate of 3 . The advance principal labelled Advance receivable -J is non-interest bearing. Repayment of
 1,231 and 0 was received from G in the nine months to September 30, 2022 and 2021 

On December 20, 2022, Advances
receivable of 71,540 were assigned to our founder, who now bears all risks and rewards of collection. The assignment corresponded with
a reduction in the amount due by the same amount. 

Interest Expense 

Interest
expense consists mainly of interest the Company has to pay on its borrowings and on vehicle financing held
by the Company. In November 2019 the Company entered into a financing arrangement with Alphera Financial Services with which the Company
purchased a vehicle. The term of this loan is 5 years and annual interest rate is 6.90 . 

The principal
amounts outstanding for the Company s borrowings as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 are as follows: 

December 31, 

2022 
 
 2021 
 
 Change 

Vehicle Financing 

22,452 

35,918 

(12,957) 
 
 (36) 
 
 Convertible Notes, net 

2,218,066 

(2,218,066) 
 
 - 
 
 Loans Payable - Related Party 

917,461 

509,339 

408,122 

80 

Total 

939,913 

2,763,323 

(1,823,410) 
 
 (66) 

30 

 Table of Contents 

The
decrease in interest expense during the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 2021 is due to the Company s converting its
convertible notes issued in 2021. On December 15, 2022 noteholders approved a second amendment to the convertible notes for the conversion
price to be reduced to 0.50 from 1.15 and immediately elected to voluntarily request for their notes to be converted to common shares
at a conversion rate of 0.50c, as a result the company issued 4,706,096 shares of common shares. 

Funds
raised via the issuance of convertible notes as of December 15, 2022 was 2,287,780 of which 2,112,150 was issued in June 2021, is less
an original issuance discount of 104,572 which was amortized over the length of the note to maturity of 18 months and 175,630 issued
in November 30, 2021. The Company received a loan from a minority shareholder of 19,709 in February 2022 that bears interest at a rate
of 20 per annum and is due for repayment
before February 15, 2023. We
borrowed a further 501,049 from our founder in Q4 2022. The loan is due for repayment in 3 years and is non-interest bearing. The remaining
loan of 374,018 is non-interest bearing and is due for repayment on demand where the maturity date is the
earlier of (i) the completion of an offering by Bubblr, Inc., in the amount of no less than 7,500,000 in a public offering, or (ii)
May 23, 2024. On September 6, 2023 the loan principal was increased by 60,000 in exchange for
Mr. Morris cancelling his Special 2019 Series A Preferred Stock, which has super voting rights. On December 20, 2022, the sum
of 71,540 was deducted from the loan principal as a result of the assignment of Advance receivables of 71,540 to our founder. 

Gain on change in fair value of warrant derivative
liability 

The Company analyzed the
warrants issued in connection with the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock for derivative accounting consideration under ASC 815, Derivatives
and Hedging. ASC 815 requires we assess the fair market value of derivative liability at the end of each reporting period and recognize
any change in the fair market value as other income or expense item. 

The Company did not issue
any warrants in 2021. 

The
Company analyzed the warrants issued during 2022 in connection with the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock for derivative accounting
consideration under ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging. ASC 815 requires we assess the fair market value of derivative liability at the
end of each reporting period and recognize any change in the fair market value as other income or expense item. 

For the year ended
December 31, 2022, the estimated fair values of the warrant liabilities measured on a recurring basis are as follows: 

Year Ended 

December 31, 2022 
 
 Expected term 
 2.09 - 2.50 years 
 
 Expected average volatility 
 177
 - 220 
 
 Expected
 dividend yield 
 8.33 
 
 Risk-free interest
 rate 
 1.50
 4.73 

The following table summarizes the changes in the
warrant liabilities during the period ended December 31, 2022: 

Fair Value Measurements Using Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) 
 
 Warrant liability as of December 31, 2021 

Addition of new warrant liabilities 
 721,275 
 
 Day-one loss 
 (28,043 
 
 Change in fair value of warrant liability 
 (494,753 
 
 Warrant liability as of December 31, 2022 
 198,479 

The market price of the common
stock has decreased from the initial award of warrants in the period ending March 31, 2022. If the warrants were exercised at December
31, 2022 at their respective exercise price determined at issue, the Company would realize a gain due to the difference between the cash
received on conversion and the issue cost to the Company of 0.1205 per share, the fair value market price of the common stock at December
31, 2022. 

31 

 Table of Contents 

Net Loss 

We finished the year ended December 31, 2022 with a
net loss of 4,425,649 as compared to a loss of 3,693,487 during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Working Capital 

The following
table provides selected financial data about our company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Change 

Current Assets 
 42,417 
 161,184 
 (118,767 
 (74 
 
 Current Liabilities 
 595,856 
 744,820 
 (148,964 
 (20 
 
 Working Capital Deficit 
 (553,439 
 (583,636 
 30,197 
 (5 

We require
cash to fund our operating expenses and working capital requirements, including outlays for capital expenditures. As of December 31, 2022,
we had 32,533 in the bank, other receivables of 9,884 and advances receivable of 0 as compared to cash of 62,967, other receivables
of 17,966, and advances receivable of 80,251 as of December 31, 2021. 

During
the last two years, and the beginning of this year, we have faced an increasingly challenging liquidity situation that has limited our
ability to execute our operating plan. We will need to obtain capital to continue operations. There is no assurance that we will be able
to secure such funding on acceptable terms. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we reported a loss from operations of 4,296,936. 

As of
December 31, 2022, we had assets of cash in the amount of 32,533 and other current assets in the amount of 9,884. As of December 31,
2022, we had current liabilities of 595,856 and a 553,439 working capital deficit. Our accumulated deficit as of December 31, 2022 was
 12,875,437. 

As of
December 31, 2021, we had assets of cash in the amount of 62,967 and other current assets in the amount of 98,217. As of December 31,
2021, we had current liabilities of 744,820 and a 583,363 working capital deficit. Our accumulated deficit as of December 31, 2021 was
 8,385,496. 

As no
revenues are generated from our current operations, we will require additional capital to continue to operate our business, and to further
expand our business. Sources of additional capital through various financing transactions or arrangements with third parties may include
equity or debt financing, bank loans or revolving credit facilities. We may not be successful in locating suitable financing transactions
in the time period required or at all, and we may not obtain the capital we require by other means. Unless we can attract additional investment,
our operating as a going concern is in doubt. 

We are
now obligated to file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
 Exchange Act ). In addition, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Sarbanes-Oxley and the rules subsequently implemented
by the SEC and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board PCAOB have imposed various requirements on public companies,
including requiring changes in corporate governance practices. We expect these rules and regulations to increase our legal and financial
compliance costs and to make some activities of ours more time-consuming and costly. In order to meet the needs to comply with the requirements
of the Exchange Act, we will need investment of capital. 

Management
has determined that additional capital will be required. There is no assurance that management will be able to raise capital on terms
acceptable to us, or at all. 

If we
are unable to obtain sufficient amounts of additional capital, we may have to cease filing the required reports and cease operations completely.
If we obtain additional funds by selling any of our equity securities or by issuing common stock to pay current or future obligations,
the percentage ownership of our stockholders will be reduced, stockholders may experience additional dilution, or the equity securities
may have rights preferences or privileges senior to the common stock. 

32 

 Table of Contents 

Cash Flow 

Year ended 31 December, 

2022 
 2021 
 Change 
 
 Cash used in Operating Activities 
 (1,169,701 
 (1,577,936 
 408,235 
 
 Cash used in Investing Activities 
 (237,666 
 (441,493 
 203,827 
 
 Cash provided by Financing Activities 
 1,196,849 
 1,950,510 
 (753,661 
 
 Cash on Hand 
 32,533 
 62,967 
 (30,434 

Operating Activities 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we used 1,169,701 in operating activities, compared to 1,577,936 during the year ended December 31,
2021. The reduction of cash used in operating activities was primarily due to an increase in professional, market and regulation fees
and compensation, which was offset by non-cash adjustments. 

Investing Activities 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we used funds in investing activities of 237,666 to acquire additional intangible assets. During the
year ended December 31, 2021, we used funds in investing activities of 441,493 to acquire property and equipment, as well as additional
intangible assets. The decrease in funds used in investing activities was primarily because of the reduction in qualifying in-house research
and development effort due to the reduction in research and development staff in the year. 

Financing Activities 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022 we raised 1,196,849 as follows: 789,000 through the issuance of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock
and associated warrants, 15,000 from loan payable, and 520,758 from loans from related parties. These proceeds were offset through payment
of 20,026 dividends due related to our Series C Convertible Preferred Stock, repayment of 9,943 for
vehicle financing, 20,000 from loan payable and repayment of 77,940 for loans
received from a related party. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had total cash outflows from financing activities of 127,909,
resulting in net cash provided by financing activities of 1,169,849. By comparison, in the year ended December 31, 2021, we raised 2,183,208
from convertible notes offset by repayment of 10,792 for vehicle financing and 303,068 for loans received from a related party. For
the year ended December 31, 2021, we had total cash outflows from financing activities of 313,860, resulting in net cash provided by
financing activities of 1,950,510. 

We also
plan to seek additional financing in a private or public equity offering to secure funding for operations. There can be no assurance that
we will be successful in raising additional funding. If we are not able to secure additional funding, the implementation of our business
plan will be impaired. There can be no assurance that such additional financing will be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. 

GHS Investments LLC 

On
March 4, 2022, we entered a Securities Purchase Agreement (the GHS Securities Purchase Agreement with GHS Investments
LLC GHS ), whereby GHS agreed to purchase, in tranches, up to 700,000 of the Company s Series C Convertible Preferred
Stock in exchange for 700 shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock. The first tranche, issued promptly upon execution of the GHS
Securities Purchase Agreement, was for the purchase of 300 shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock for 300,000. The Company issued
to GHS commitment shares of 35 shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock and a warrant (the GHS Warrant to purchase
75 of the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock (the GHS Warrant
Shares ). The Company has agreed to register the shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to the conversion of the Series C Convertible
Preferred Stock and the GHS Warrant Shares. GHS delivered gross proceeds of 266,000 to the Company (excluding legal fees and a transaction
fee charged by Spartan Capital). 

On March 4, 2022,
the Company entered into an Equity Financing Agreement and Registration Rights Agreement with GHS. Under the terms of the Equity Financing
Agreement, GHS agreed to provide the Company with up to Fifteen Million 15,000,000) upon effectiveness of a registration statement
on Form S-1 filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 

33 

 Table of Contents 

The Company agreed
to issue 587,039 shares of Common Stock to GHS in consideration for entering into the Equity Finance Agreement valued at 234,522. 

On
April 24, 2022 the Company issued the second tranche of 200 shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock and 562,149 warrant shares
in accordance with the GHS Securities Purchase Agreement. GHS delivered gross proceeds of 184,000 to the Company (excluding legal fees
and a transaction fee charged by Spartan Capital). 

On
May 25, 2022 the Company issued the third tranche of 100 shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock and 281,074 warrant shares in
accordance with the GHS Securities Purchase Agreement. GHS delivered gross proceeds of 92,000 to the Company (excluding legal fees and
a transaction fee charged by Spartan Capital). 

On
June 24, 2022 the Company issued the fourth tranche of 100 shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock and 281,074 warrant shares in
accordance with the Securities Purchase Agreement. GHS delivered gross proceeds of 92,000 to the Company (excluding legal fees and a
transaction fee charged by Spartan Capital). 

Proactive
Capital Group 

On
March 9, 2022, the Company entered a Securities Purchase Agreement with Proactive Capital Partners LP Proactive ), whereby
Proactive agreed to purchase 160 shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock. 

The
Company agreed to issue Proactive commitment shares of 8 shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock and 472,205 warrant shares (the
 Warrant ). Warrant shares represent 75 of the number of shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the Series C
Convertible Preferred Stock (the Warrant Shares ). The Company agreed to register the shares of common stock issuable pursuant
to the conversion of the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock and the Warrant Shares. 

On
March 9, 2022, the Company issued 168 shares of Series C Convertible Preferred stock to Proactive Capital Partners LP as per the Securities
Purchase Agreement. Proactive delivered gross proceeds of 155,000 to the Company (excluded were legal fees). 

Stephen
Morris (Founder) 

The Company has 2 separate
loans from our founder, Stephen Morris, with a balance of 899,309 and 428,177 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Loan 1. 

On May 23,
2022, the Company entered an amendment to the Loan Agreement between Bubblr Limited and Mr. Morris to change the loan from a demand loan
to have maturity date on the earlier of (i) the completion of an offering by Bubblr, Inc., in the amount of no less than 7,500,000 in
a public offering, or (ii) two years from the date of the amendment. 

In
addition, on a date no later than five (5) business days from the completion of bridge financing of no less than 1.5 million USD the
Company shall pay to Mr. Morris an amount equal to 115,000 GBP
as an instalment payment on the principal of the Loan, and the balance of the principal of the Loan shall be paid at the Maturity Date. 

On
September 6, 2022, the Company entered into a second amendment (the Amendment with Bubblr Limited and Mr. Morris to add
 60,000 52,088) to the principal of the loan in exchange for Mr. Morris cancelling his Special 2019 Series A Preferred Stock,
which has super voting rights. 

On
December 20, 2022, the Company entered into a third amendment
(the Amendment with Bubblr Limited and Mr. Morris to reduce the outstanding
principal amount of the loan by 71,540 59,543) in exchange for the Company assigning advances receivables of 71,540 59,543)
whereon Mr. Morris is entitled to amounts received pursuant to such receivables and will bear the risk of non-payment with respect to
such receivables. After this assignment, the Company will have no right to receive any amounts collected with respect to such receivables
and will have no liability for non-payment of the receivables or any costs of collections. 

34 

 Table of Contents 

Loan
2. 

On
September 7, 2022, our wholly owned subsidiary, Bubblr Limited, entered into a new loan agreement (the Loan Agreement with
Mr. Morris for 501,049 434,060). The Loan Agreement is unsecured, carries no interest, is non-convertible and is due upon maturity,
which is 3 years after the date of the agreement. 

The Company received 501,049 and 0 proceeds
and made repayments of 0 and 0 during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The loan principal due was decreased by 11,540 and
 66,000 during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, in regards the sale of the Special 2019 Series A Preferred Stock
to Mr. Morris in 2021, and the Company s subsequent repurchase and cancellation of preferred stock and the assignment of debt during
2022. 

Minority Shareholder 

On
February 18, 2022 the Company entered into a Loan Agreement with minority shareholder for 19,709. The loan was for twelve months and
bore interest at a rate of 20 per annum. The Principal of 19,709
and interest of 2,396 was repaid February 18, 2023. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Significant
Judgments and Estimates 

This discussion and analysis of
our financial condition and results of operations is based on our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles in the United States GAAP ). The preparation of these financial statements requires us to
make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and
liabilities at the date of the financial statements, as well as the reported expenses incurred during the reporting periods. Our estimates
are based on our historical experience and on various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results
of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other
sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. While our significant accounting policies
are described in more detail in the notes to our financial statements included elsewhere in this prospectus, we believe that the following
accounting policies are critical to understanding our historical and future performance, as these policies relate to the more significant
areas involving management s judgments and estimates. 

We believe our most critical
accounting policies and estimates relate to the following: 

Foreign Currency Translations 

Intangible Assets 

Long-lived Assets 

Income Taxes 

Foreign Currency Translations 

The functional currency of the
Company s international subsidiaries is generally their local currency of Great British pounds (GBP). Local currency assets and
liabilities are translated at the rates of exchange on the balance sheet date, and local currency revenues and expenses are translated
at weighted average rates of exchange during the period. Equity accounts are translated at historical rates. The resulting translation
adjustments are recorded directly into accumulated other comprehensive income. 

Intangible Assets 

The cost of intangible assets
with determinable useful lives is amortized to reflect the pattern of economic benefits consumed on a straight-line basis over the estimated
periods benefited. Patents, technology and other intangibles with contractual terms are generally amortized over their respective legal
or contractual lives. When certain events or changes in operating conditions occur, an impairment assessment is performed and lives of
intangible assets with determinable lives may be adjusted. 

35 

 Table of Contents 

Long-Lived Assets 

Long-lived assets are evaluated
for impairment whenever events or changes in business circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may not be fully recoverable
or that the useful lives of these assets are no longer appropriate. Each impairment test is based on a comparison of the undiscounted
future cash flows to the recorded value of the asset. If impairment is indicated, the asset is written down to its estimated fair value. 

Income Taxes 

The Company accounts for income
taxes using the asset and liability method in accordance with ASC 740, Income Taxes . The asset and liability method provides
that deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the
financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities and for operating loss and tax credit carry forwards. Deferred tax assets
and liabilities are measured using the currently enacted tax rates and laws that will be in effect when the differences are expected to
reverse. The Company records a valuation allowance to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount that is believed more likely than not to
be realized. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

For discussion of recently issued
and adopted accounting pronouncements, please see Note 2 to the audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 included herein. 

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 

As of December 31, 2022, there
were no off-balance sheet arrangements. 

ITEM 7A.
QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

Not
required for smaller reporting companies. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 

See
Index to Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules appearing on pages F-1 to F-29
of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES
IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

On March 17, 2023, we dismissed
Pinnacle Accountancy Group of Utah, a DBA of the PCAOB-registered firm Heaton Company, PLLC (the Former Accountant as our independent registered public accounting firm and we engaged BF Borgers CPA PC (the New Accountant as our independent
registered public accounting firm. The engagement of the New Accountant was approved by our Board of Directors. 

We filed a Form 8-K on March 17,
2023 with the Securities and Exchange Commission regarding the change in our independent accounting firm. 

ITEM 9A.
CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures, as that term is defined in Rule 13a-15 , promulgated by the SEC pursuant
to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Disclosure controls and procedures include controls
and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our company s reports filed under the Exchange Act
is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information
is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer to allow
timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management, with the participation of our interim CEO who acts as our principal executive
officer and our CFO who acts as our principal financial officer, evaluated our company s disclosure controls and procedures as of
the end of the period covered by this annual report on Form 10-K. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal
financial officer concluded that as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective. The ineffectiveness
of our disclosure controls and procedures was due to material weaknesses, which we identified, in our report on internal control over
financial reporting. 

36 

 Table of Contents 

Management s
Report on Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 

Our
management, including our interim CEO who acts as our principal executive officer and our FO who acts as our principal financial officer,
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under
the Exchange Act). Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, evaluated
the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. Our management s evaluation of our internal
control over financial reporting was based on the framework in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013), issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, our management concluded that as of December 31, 2022,
our internal control over financial reporting was not effective. 

The
ineffectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting was due to the following material weaknesses which we identified in our
internal control over financial reporting: 

(1) 
 the lack of multiples levels of management review on complex accounting and financial reporting issues, and business transactions; and 

(2) 
 a lack of adequate segregation of duties and necessary corporate accounting resources in our financial reporting process and accounting function as a result of our limited financial resources to support hiring of personnel and implementation of accounting systems. 

We
expect to be materially dependent upon third parties to provide us with accounting consulting services related to accounting services
for the foreseeable future. We believe this will be sufficient to remediate the material weaknesses related to our accounting discussed
above. Until such time as we have an interim chief financial officer with the requisite expertise in U.S. GAAP, there are no assurances
that the material weaknesses and significant deficiencies in our disclosure controls and procedures will not result in errors in our consolidated
financial statements which could lead to a restatement of those financial statements. 

A
material weakness is a deficiency or a combination of control deficiencies in internal control over financial reporting such that there
is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected
on a timely basis. 

Limitations
on Effectiveness of Controls 

Our
interim CEO who acts as our principal executive officer and our CFO who acts as our principal financial officer does not expect that our
disclosure controls or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter
how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met.
Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be
considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide
absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within our company have been detected. These inherent limitations
include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of a simple error or mistake.
Additional controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override
of the controls. The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events,
and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time,
controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial
reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the company s registered public accounting firm pursuant
to SEC rules that permit us to provide only management s report on internal control over financial reporting in this annual report
on Form 10-K. 

Changes in
Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
was no change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934) during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B.
OTHER INFORMATION. 

None. 

ITEM 9C.
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

Not
applicable. 

37 

 Table of Contents 

PART III 

ITEM 10.
DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

The following information sets
forth the names, ages, and positions of our current directors and executive officers. 

Name 
 Age 
 Positions and Offices Held 
 
 Stephen Morris 
 67 
 Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chair 

David Chetwood 
 61 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Set forth below is a brief description
of the background and business experience of each of our current executive officers and directors. 

Stephen Morris 

Prior
to founding Bubblr in 2015 and working on it full time, Mr. Morris also worked as an agile coach and scrum master consultant at various
companies. From July 2017 to June 2018 he worked at Royal London Group in Edinburgh Scotland. From 2016 to February 2017, he worked
for Accenture in Newcastle Upon Tyne, England. From January 2016 to October 2016 he worked at Sky Broadcasting in Livingstone, Scotland. 

Aside from that provided above,
Mr. Morris does not hold and has not held over the past five years any other directorships in any company with a class of securities registered
pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act or subject to the requirements of Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act or any company registered
as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940. 

On May 30, 2022, Mr. Stephen Morris
resigned as a member of the board of directors. 

On January 25, 2023
Mr. Stephen Morris was appointed to the Board of Directors and Chief Platform Officer. 

On February 2, 2023
Mr. Stephen Morris was appointed as interim Chief Executive Officer. 

On February 12, 2023 Mr. Stephen Morris
was appointed as Chair of our Board of Directors. 

Mr. Morris is qualified to
serve on our Board of Directors because of his experience and expertise as the creator of the Bubblr concept and Ethos and the founder
of Bubblr Ltd in 2014, a wholly owned subsidiary of Bubblr Inc. 

David Chetwood 

Prior to Joining Bubblr on
February 10, 2023 Mr. Chetwood was retired. From 2004 to 2016, Mr. Chetwood worked for over twelve years at Westmont Industries Group
in California as CFO Secretary. 

Aside
from that provided above, Mr. Chetwood does not hold and has not held over the past five years any other directorships in any company
with a class of securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act or subject to the requirements of Section 15(d) of the
Exchange Act or any company registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940. 

Term of Office 

Our Directors are appointed for
a one-year term to hold office until the next annual general meeting of our shareholders or until removed from office in accordance with
our bylaws. Our officers are appointed by our board of directors and hold office until removed by the board, subject to their respective
employment agreements. 

38 

 Table of Contents 

Significant Employees 

We have no significant employees other than our officers
and directors. 

Family Relationships 

There are no family relationships between or among
the directors, executive officers or persons nominated or chosen by us to become directors or executive officers. 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

During the past 10 years, none of our current directors,
nominees for directors or current executive officers has been involved in any legal proceeding identified in Item 401(f) of Regulation
S-K, including: 

1. 
 Any petition under the Federal bankruptcy laws or any state insolvency law filed by or against, or a receiver, fiscal agent or similar officer was appointed by a court for the business or property of such person, or any partnership in which he or she was a general partner at or within two years before the time of such filing, or any corporation or business association of which he or she was an executive officer at or within two years before the time of such filing; 

2. 
 Any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being named a subject of a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); 

3. 
 Being subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining him or her from, or otherwise limiting, the following activities: 

a. 
 Acting as a futures commission merchant, introducing broker, commodity trading advisor, commodity pool operator, floor broker, leverage transaction merchant, any other person regulated by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or an associated person of any of the foregoing, or as an investment adviser, underwriter, broker or dealer in securities, or as an affiliated person, director or employee of any investment company, bank, savings and loan association or insurance company, or engaging in or continuing any conduct or practice in connection with such activity; 

b. 
 Engaging in any type of business practice; or 

c. 
 Engaging in any activity in connection with the purchase or sale of any security or commodity or in connection with any violation of Federal or State securities laws or Federal commodities laws; 

4. 
 Being subject to any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any Federal or State authority barring, suspending or otherwise limiting for more than 60 days the right of such person to engage in any type of business regulated by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, securities, investment, insurance or banking activities, or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity; 

5. 
 Being found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the SEC to have violated any Federal or State securities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commission has not been subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

6. 
 Being found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated any Federal commodities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission has not been subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated; 

7. 
 Being subject to, or a party to, any Federal or State judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of: 

a. 
 Any Federal or State securities or commodities law or regulation; or 

b. 
 Any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order; or 

c. 
 Any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

8. 
 Being subject to, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26))), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29))), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. 

39 

 Table of Contents 

Committees of the Board 

Our
company currently does not have nominating, compensation or audit committees or committees performing similar functions nor does our company
have a written nominating, compensation or audit committee charter. Historically, our directors believed that it is not necessary
to have such committees because the functions of such committees can be adequately performed by the board of directors. 

Code of Business Conduct
and Ethics 

We have
adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to, among other persons, our principal executive officers, principal financial
officer, principal accounting officer or controller, and persons performing similar functions. The Code of Business Conduct is available
on our website at www.bubblr.com. Our Nominating and Governance Committee is responsible for overseeing the Code of Conduct, and our board
of directors must approve any waivers of the Code of Conduct. In addition, we intend to post on our website all disclosures that are required
by law concerning any amendments to, or waivers from, any provision of the Code of Conduct. 

ITEM 11.
EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 

The table below summarizes all compensation awarded
to, earned by, or paid to our former or current executive officers for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Name and principal 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 
 Stock 
 Option 
 All Other 
 Total 
 
 Position 
 Bonus 
 Awards 
 Awards 
 Compensation 
 ) 

) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) (1)(2) 

Rik Willard(1) 
 2021 
 41,250 
 Nil 
 418,364 
 Nil 
 Nil 
 459,614 
 
 CEO and Director 
 2022 
 120,750 
 Nil 
 423,676 
 Nil 
 Nil 
 544,426 
 
 Steven Saunders(2) 
 2021 
 134,116 
 Nil 
 Nil 
 Nil 
 Nil 
 134,116 
 
 CCO and Director 
 2022 
 257,567 
 Nil 
 235,376 
 Nil 
 Nil 
 492,943 
 
 Stephen Morris(3) 
 2021 
 122,537 
 Nil 
 Nil 
 Nil 
 Nil 
 122,537 
 
 CTO and Director 
 2022 
 122,643 
 Nil 
 Nil 
 Nil 
 Nil 
 122,643 
 
 Neeta Shah 
 2021 
 22,500 
 Nil 
 110,713 
 Nil 
 Nil 
 133,213 
 
 CFO 
 2022 
 15,000 
 Nil 
 Nil 
 Nil 
 Nil 
 15,000 

(1) 
 On January 23, 2023, the Company entered into a Separation Agreement with Mr. Willard. 

(2) 
 On
 January 23, 2023, the Company entered into a Separation Agreement with Mr. Saunders. 

(3) 
 Mr. Morris resigned as a Director on May 30, 2022. This allowed Mr. Morris to concentrate all of his abilities on the creation
 of the ethical web platform. On January 25, 2023, Mr. Morris was appointed to the Board of Directors. On February 2, 2023,
 Mr. Morris was appointed interim Chief Executive Officer. On February 10, 2023, Mr. Morris was appointed Chairperson of the Board
 of Directors. 

Management Compensation 

The Company entered into an employment
agreement with Stephen Morris, our Founder and Chief Technology Officer, the term is three years commencing July 1, 2021. Mr. Morris is
to receive cash compensation of 144,000 annually. This compensation will be increased to 180,000 annually if 5,000,000 debt or equity
funding has been received. 

The Company entered into an employment
agreement with David Chetwood, our Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Chetwood is to receive cash compensation of 180,000 annually. This compensation
will be increased to 360,000 annually if 5,000,000 debt or equity funding has been received. After the initial period Mr. Chetwood
is entitled to receive 102,540 shares of common stock and will be eligible to participate in out 2022 Incentive Plan. 

40 

 Table of Contents 

On January 31, 2023, we entered into Separation
Agreements with Steven Saunders, our then-Chief Commercial Officer, and Rik Willard, our then-Chief Executive Officer, regarding the
terms and conditions of their departures from our company. 

Pursuant to the provisions
of the Separation Agreement with Mr. Saunders and in consideration for a complete release of claims, we agreed as follows: 

As of the date of the Separation Agreement, Mr. Saunders
is no longer an officer or director of our company and all prior agreements with Mr. Saunders, including his employment agreement, are
terminated in their entirety; 

 We agreed to pay a lump sum of 24,000 by February
20, 2023; 

 We agreed to pay 73,500 in installments monthly
over a period of six months; and 

 We agreed to make a final payment of 18,000 due
by August 31, 2023. 

In
addition, Mr Saunders forfeited 3,000,000 non-vested Restricted Stock Units awarded May 31, 2022, under the 2022
Equity Incentive Plan. 

Pursuant to the provisions
of the Separation Agreement with Mr. Willard and in consideration for a complete release of claims, we agreed as follows: 

As of the date of the Separation Agreement, Mr. Willard
is no longer an officer or director of our company and all prior agreements with Mr. Willard, including his employment agreement, are
terminated in their entirety; 

 We agreed to pay a lump sum of 12,801 by February
20, 2023; 

 We agreed to pay 75,806 in installments monthly
over a period of six months from February 28, 2023 and continuing until July 31, 2023; 

 We agreed to pay 4,806 in installments monthly over
a period of six months from August 31, 2023 and continuing until January, 31, 2024; 

 We agreed to make a final payment of 18,000 due
by September 30, 2024; and 

 Our shareholder, Stephen Morris, has agreed to transfer
to Mr. Willard 1,750,000 shares of his common stock. 

In addition Mr.
Willard forfeited 5,400,000 non-vested Restricted Stock Units awarded May 31, 2022, under the 2022 Equity
Incentive Plan. 

 In 2021 the Company entered into
a consulting contract employment agreement with Neeta Shah to act as the Chief Financial Officer of the Company. Mrs. Shah was to receive
monthly cash compensation of 7,500 until at least 5,000,000 funding had been received through debt or equity funding, whereas Mrs. Shah
would have become a full-time employee on a monthly cash compensation of 15,000. Mrs. Shah was also granted a signing bonus of 102,040
restricted shares, of which 51,020 were issued in October 2021. Ms. Shah was dismissed on January 29, 2022 with one month s severance
of 7,500. 

Equity incentive Plan 

On May 25, 2022, our board of
directors and majority shareholders approved the adoption of the Bubblr, Inc. 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2022 Equity Incentive
Plan and, unless earlier terminated, will continue until May 25, 2032. A total of 28,400,000 shares of common stock may be issued
under the 2022 Equity Incentive Plan through the grant of non-qualified options (the Non-qualified Options ), incentive options
(the Incentive Options and together with the Non-qualified Options, the Options and restricted stock (the
 Restricted Stock restricted stock units, stock appreciation rights SARs and other equity-based awards to
directors, officers, consultants, attorneys, advisors and employees. The purpose of the 2022 Equity Incentive Plan is to foster and promote
our long-term financial success and increase stockholder value by motivating performance through incentive compensation. The 2022 Equity
Incentive Plan is intended to encourage participants to acquire and maintain ownership interests in our company and to attract and retain
the services of talented individuals upon whose judgment and special efforts the successful conduct of our business is largely dependent. 

41 

 Table of Contents 

If the employee is terminated
for cause or leaves employment before Restricted Stock Units RSUs have vested, the employee will forfeit the Restricted
Stock Units awarded to date. 

During the year ended December
31, 2022, the Company issued pursuant to the 2022 Equity Incentive Plan, a total of 8,400,000 RSUs to two Company executives
as pursuant to their employment agreements. 

The RSUs were valued at 2,259,600,
based on the market price of the Company s common stock on the respective dates of the agreements, which was 0.269 per share,
and were to be recognized as compensation expense over their two-year vesting period on a straight-line basis. 4,200,000 shares of performance-based
stock compensation were scheduled to vest on each of June 1, 2023 and June 1, 2024, respectively. The Company had elected to treat the
award as a single award of 8,400,000 shares that vests ratably over the vesting period. 

During the year ended December
31, 2022, the Company recorded 659,052 in stock compensation, resulting in 1,600,548 in unrecognized compensation at December 31, 2022.
 The remaining unvested award was scheduled to vest 1,129,800 and 470,748 during the years ended
December 31, 2023 and 2024, respectively. 

The award of 8,400,000 RSUs
was forfeited by two Company executives on January 31, 2023 as a result of leaving the Company s employ before any portion of the
award was vested. On that same date, the remaining 1,600,548 of unrecognized stock compensation was expensed in full. 

Compensation of Directors 

All Directors shall receive reimbursement
for reasonable travel expenses incurred to attend Board and committee meetings. 

Pension, Retirement or Similar Benefit Plans 

There are no arrangements or plans
in which we provide pension, retirement or similar benefits to our directors or executive officers. We have no material bonus or profit
sharing plans pursuant to which cash or non-cash compensation is or may be paid to our directors or executive officers, except that stock
options may be granted at the discretion of the board of directors or a committee thereof. 

Health Insurance costs were reimbursed
to Steven Saunders and Rik Willard 

Indebtedness of Directors, Senior Officers, Executive Officers and Other
Management 

None of our directors or executive
officers or any associate or affiliate of our company during the last two fiscal years is or has been indebted to our company by way of
guarantee, support agreement, letter of credit or other similar agreement or understanding currently outstanding. 

ITEM 12.
SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

The
following table sets forth, as March 28, 2023, certain information as to shares of our voting stock 
 owned by (i) each person known by us to beneficially
own more than 5 of our outstanding voting stock, (ii) each of our directors, and (iii) all of our executive officers and directors as
a group. 

Unless otherwise indicated below,
to our knowledge, all persons listed below have sole voting and investment power with respect to their shares of voting stock, except
to the extent authority is shared by spouses under applicable law. Unless otherwise indicated below, each entity or person listed below
maintains an address of 21 West 46th Street, New York, New York 10036. 

42 

 Table of Contents 

The number of shares beneficially
owned by each stockholder is determined under rules promulgated by the SEC. The information is not necessarily indicative of beneficial
ownership for any other purpose. Under these rules, beneficial ownership includes any shares as to which the individual or entity has
sole or shared voting or investment power and any shares as to which the individual or entity has the right to acquire beneficial ownership
within 60 days through the exercise of any stock option, warrant or other right. The inclusion in the following table of those shares,
however, does not constitute an admission that the named stockholder is a direct or indirect beneficial owner. 

Common Stock 
 
 Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Number of Shares Owned (1) 
 Percent of Class (2) 
 
 Stephen Morris 
 49,808,693 
 31.98 
 
 David Chetwood 
 4,035,000 
 2.59 
 
 All Directors and Executive Officers as a Group (2 persons) 
 53,843,693 
 34.57 

5 Holders 
 Common Stock 

Number of Shares Owned (1) 
 Percent of Class (2) 
 
 Stephen Morris 
 49,808,693 
 31.98 
 
 All 5 Holders as a Group (1 persons) 
 49,808,693 
 31.98 

(1) 
 Unless otherwise indicated, each person or entity named in the table has sole voting power and investment power (or shares that power with that person s spouse) with respect to all shares of voting stock listed as owned by that person or entity. 

(2) 
 Pursuant
 to Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 of the Exchange Act, beneficial ownership includes any shares as to which a shareholder has sole or shared
 voting power or investment power, and also any shares which the shareholder has the right to acquire within 60 days, including upon
 exercise of common shares purchase options or warrants. The percent of class is based on 155,738,983 voting shares as of March 28,
 2023 . 

ITEM 13.
CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

Other
than described below or the transactions described under the heading Executive Compensation, there have not been, and there
is not currently proposed, any transaction or series of similar transactions to which we were or will be a participant in which the amount
involved exceeded or will exceed the lesser of 120,000 or one percent of the average of our total assets at year-end for the last two
completed fiscal years, and in which any director, executive officer, holder of 5 or more of any class of our capital stock or any member
of the immediate family of any of the foregoing persons had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. 

We have two loans from Stephen
Morris, our Founder, totaling 899,309. 

The first loan of 374,018 at
December 31, 2021 (December 31, 2021: 428,177). 

On
May 23, 2022, the Company entered an amendment to the Loan Agreement between Bubblr Limited and Mr. Morris to change the loan from a demand
loan to have maturity date on the earlier of (i) the completion of an offering by Bubblr, Inc., in the amount of no less than 7,500,000
in a public offering, or (ii) two years from the date of the amendment. 

43 

 Table of Contents 

In
addition, on a date no later than five (5) business days from the completion of bridge financing of no less than 1.5 million the Company
shall pay to Mr. Morris an amount equal to 115,000 GBP
as an instalment payment on the principal of the Loan, and the balance of the principal of the Loan shall be paid at the Maturity Date. 

On
September 6, 2022, the Company entered into a second amendment with Bubblr Limited and Mr. Morris to increase the principal amount of
the loan by 60,000 52,088)in exchange for Mr. Morris cancelling his Special 2019 Series A Preferred Stock, which carried super
voting rights. 

On
December 20, 2022, the Company entered into a third amendment
with Bubblr Limited and Mr. Morris to reduce the outstanding principal amount of the loan
by 71,540 59,543) in exchange for the Company assigning advances receivables of 71,540 59,543)whereon Mr. Morris is
entitled to amounts received pursuant to such receivables and will bear the risk of non-payment with respect to such receivables. After
this assignment, the Company will have no right to receive any amounts collected with respect to such receivables and will have no liability
for non-payment of the receivables or any costs of collections. 

 On
September 7, 2022, our wholly owned subsidiary, Bubblr Limited, entered into a new loan agreement (the Loan Agreement with
Mr. Morris for 501,049 501,049) The Loan Agreement is unsecured, carries no interest, is non-convertible and is due upon maturity,
which is 3 years after the date of the agreement. 

 On February 15, 2022 the Company
received a loan from a minority shareholder for 19,709. The loan bears interest at a rate of 20 and is due for repayment before February
15, 2023. 

During the year ended December
2021, the Company received one loan from a minority shareholder of 81,162. The loan is non-interest bearing and due was repaid on April
30, 2022 

During the fourth quarter of 2020,
the Company received two loans from minority shareholders totaling 297,006. The loan of 245,234 was non-interest bearing and due for
repayment on January 31, 2021. The loan of 51,772 carried an original interest rate of 20 and was due for repayment on December 31,
2020. These loans were repaid in full during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Director
Independence 

The
Board of Directors is currently composed of two members.
None of them qualify as independent in
accordance with the published listing requirements of the NASDAQ Global Market. The NASDAQ independence definition includes a series of
objective tests, such as that the Director is not, and has not been for at least three years, one of the Company s employees and
that neither the Director, nor any of his family members has engaged in various types of business dealings with us. 

Indemnification 

Our
Articles of Incorporation contain provisions that eliminate the liability of our directors for monetary damages to our Company and shareholders.
Our bylaws also require us to indemnify our officers and directors. We may also have contractual indemnification obligations under our
agreements with our directors, officers and employees. The foregoing indemnification obligations could result in our company incurring
substantial expenditures to cover the cost of settlement or damage awards against directors, officers and employees that we may be unable
to recoup. These provisions and resulting costs may also discourage our company from bringing a lawsuit against directors, officers and
employees for breaches of their fiduciary duties, and may similarly discourage the filing of derivative litigation by our shareholders
against our directors, officers and employees even though such actions, if successful, might otherwise benefit our Company and shareholders. 

ITEM 14.
PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. 

On
March 17, 2023, our Board of Directors agreed to dismiss the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, Pinnacle
Accountancy Group of Utah, a DBA of the PCAOB-registered firm Heaton Company, PLLC (the Former Accountant ), effective
as of March 17, 2023. Also on March 17, 2023, the Company engaged the accounting firm of BF Borgers CPA PC (the New Accountant as the Company s new independent registered public accounting firm. The Board approved of the dismissal of the Former Accountant
and the engagement of the New Accountant. The following table sets forth the fees billed to our company for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 for professional services rendered by our independent registered public accounting firms: 

Fees 
 2021 
 2022 
 
 Audit Fees 
 37,500 
 50,000 
 
 Audit-Related Fees 

Tax Fees 

All Other Fees 
 
 3,750 
 
 Total 
 37,500 
 53,750 

44 

 Table of Contents 

Audit Fees 

Audit
fees were for professional services rendered for the audits of our annual financial statements and for review of our quarterly financial
statements during the 2022 and 2021 fiscal years. The audit fee for our December 31, 2022 financial statements was 29,000. Of which 21,000
was incurred by our Former Accountant and 8,000 with our New Accountant. 

Audit-related
Fees 

This
category consists of assurance and related services by the independent registered public accounting firm that are reasonably related to
the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported above under Audit Fees . 

Tax Fees 

As
our independent registered public accountants did not provide any services to us for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning during
the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, no tax fees were billed or paid during those fiscal years. 

All Other
Fees 

The
Former Accountants reviewed all Form S-1 s prior to submission to the Securities and Exchange commission by the Company during
the 2022 fiscal year. 

Pre-Approval
Policies and Procedures 

Our
board of directors, which acts as our audit committee, pre-approves all services provided by our independent auditors. All of the above
services and fees were reviewed and approved by our board of directors before the respective services were rendered. 

Our
board of directors has considered the nature and amount of fees billed by our independent registered public accounting firm and believe
that the provision of services for activities unrelated to the audit is compatible with maintaining their respective independence. 

45 

 Table of Contents 

PART IV 

ITEM 15.
EXHIBIT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

(a) 1. Financial
Statements 

INDEX
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered
 Public Accounting Firm - BF Borgers CPA PC (ID ); 
 F-1 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
 Firm - Pinnacle Accountancy Group of Utah (ID ); 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021; 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021; 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statement of Stockholders Equity as of December 31, 2022 and 2021; 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021; and 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F-7 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

46 

 Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm 

 To the shareholders and the board of directors
of Bubblr, Inc. 

 Opinion on the Financial Statements 

 We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheet of Bubblr, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022, the related statement of operations, stockholders' equity
(deficit), and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December
31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States. 

 Substantial Doubt about the Company s
Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

 The accompanying financial statements have
been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company s
significant operating losses raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not
include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

 Basis for Opinion 

 These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

 We conducted our audit in accordance with
the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

 Our audit included performing procedures
to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that
respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

 Critical Audit Matters 

Critical audit matters are matters arising from the
current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or are required to be communicated to the audit committee and
that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved especially challenging, subjective,
or complex judgments. 

We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s BF Borgers CPA PC 

 (PCAOB ID 

We have served as the Company's auditor since 2023 

March 29, 2023 

F- 1 

 Table of Contents 

REPORT OF
INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders 

 Bubblr Inc. 

 New York, NY 

Opinion on the Financial
Statements 

 We have audited the accompanying
consolidated balance sheet of Bubblr Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations
and comprehensive loss, changes in stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes
(collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects,
the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then
ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern Considerations 

 The accompanying financial
statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. The Company has suffered recurring losses since
inception and has not achieved profitable operations, which raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern.
Management s plans in regard to these matters are described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that
might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

 These financial statements
are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial
statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
(PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in
accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance
about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to
have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required
to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness
of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing
procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management,
as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for
our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matter 

 The critical audit matter
communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to
be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements
and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter
in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below,
providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

Going Concern Disclosure 

 The financial statements
of the Company are prepared on a going concern basis, which assumes that the Company will continue in operation for the foreseeable future
and, accordingly, will be able to realize its assets and discharge its liabilities in the normal course of operations. As noted in Going
Concern Considerations above, the Company has a history of recurring net losses, a significant accumulated deficit and currently
has net working capital deficit. The Company has contractual obligations, such as commitments for repayments of accounts payable, accrued
liabilities, loans payable, convertible notes payable, and related party loans (collectively obligations ). Currently, management s
forecasts and related assumptions illustrate their intent to meet the obligations through management of expenditures, implementation of
planned business operations, obtaining additional debt financing, and issuance of capital stock for additional funding to meet its operating
needs. Should there be constraints on the ability to implement its planned business operations or access financing through stock issuances,
the Company will continue to manage cash outflows and meet the obligations through debt financing. 

We identified management s
assessment of the Company s intent and ability to continue as a going concern as a critical audit matter. Management made judgments
to assess the Company s intent and ability to effectively implement its plans and provide the necessary cash flows to fund the Company s
obligations as they become due. Specifically, the judgments with the highest degree of impact and subjectivity in determining the Company s
intent and ability to effectively implement its plans include its ability to manage expenditures, access funding from the capital market,
obtain debt financing, and successfully implement its planned business operations. Auditing the judgments made by management required
a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of audit effort. 

Addressing the matter involved
performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the financial statements. These
procedures included the following, among others: evaluating the probability that the Company will be able to (i) access funding from the
capital market; (ii) manage expenditures (iii) obtain debt financing, and (iv) implement its planned business operations. 

Pinnacle Accountancy Group of Utah 

We have served as the Company s
auditor since 2021. 

(a dba of Heaton Company, PLLC) 

March 31, 2022 

F- 2 

 Table of Contents 

BUBBLR INC. 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 

December 31, 2022 and 2021 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current Assets: 

Cash 

Other receivables 

Advances receivable 

Total current assets 

Non-current Assets: 

Property and equipment, net 

Intangible assets, net 

Total non-current assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Loan payable, current portion 

Loan payable - related party 

Total current liabilities 

Non-current Liabilities: 

Convertible note payable - net of discount of 

Loan payable, non-current portion 

Loan payable related party, non-current portion 

Warrant derivative liability 

Total non-current liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) 

Series C Convertible Preferred Stock, 
 par value, 
 authorized, 
 and 
 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Common stock, par value, 
 shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

Total Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

 Table of Contents 

BUBBLR INC. 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

December
 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Operating
 Expenses 

General
 and administrative 

Professional
 fees 

Market
 and regulation costs 

Compensation 

Amortization
 and depreciation 

Research
 and development 

Total
 operating expense 

Operating
 loss 

Other
 income (expense) 

Other
 income 

Interest
 income 

Gain
 on debt settlement 

Interest
 expense 

Gain
 on change in fair value of warrant derivative liability 

Foreign
 currency transaction loss 

Total
 other income (expense) 

Net
 loss before income tax 

Provision
 for income tax 

Net
 loss after income tax 

Other
 comprehensive income (loss) 

Foreign
 currency translation gain 

Total
 other comprehensive income (loss) 

Net
 comprehensive loss 

Net
 loss per common share, basic and diluted 

Weighted
 average number of common shares outstanding, basic and diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

 Table of Contents 

BUBBLR INC. 

 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders 
Equity (Deficit) 

 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

2019
 Series A Preferred Stock 
 Series
 B Preferred Stock 
 Series
 C Convertible Preferred Stock 
 Common
 Stock 

Number
 of Shares 
 Amount 
 Number
 of Shares 
 Amount 
 Number
 of Shares 
 Amount 
 Number
 of Shares 
 Amount 
 Additional
 Paid-in Capital 
 Accumulated
 Deficit 
 Accumulated
 Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 Treasury
 Stock 
 Total
 Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) 
 
 Balance
 - December 31, 2020 

Issuance of common shares
 for conversion of Preferred B shares 

Issuance of common shares
 for Services - Advisory Board 

Issuance of common shares
 for services Consulting 

Issuance of Special 2019 Series
 A Preferred Stock to related party in satisfaction of debt 

Issuance of common shares
 for debt conversion 

Issuance
 of common shares for note conversion 

Net loss 

Other
 comprehensive income 

Balance
 - December 31, 2021 

Issuance of common shares
 for Services - -Executive Board 

Issuance of common shares
 for Services Consulting 

Issuance of common shares
 for Equity Finance Agreement Incentive 

Issuance of common shares
 for debt conversion 

Issuance of common shares
 for loan waiver 

Issuance of common shares
 for note conversion 

Issuance of common shares
 for Series C Preferred Shares Dividend 

Issuance of Series C Preferred
 Shares 

Repurchase and cancellation
 of Special 2019 Series A Preferred Stock via issuance of related party note payable 

Vesting of restricted stock
 units 

Series C Preferred Shares
 Dividend 

Net loss 

Other
 comprehensive income 

Balance
 -December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

 Table of Contents 

Bubblr Inc. 

Consolidated Statements of Cashflows 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

December
 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash
 Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net
 loss 

Adjustments
 for: 

Net
 loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Stock
 based compensation 

Vesting
of restricted stock units 

Stock
 based finance incentive 

Gain
 on settlement of debt 

Gain
 on change in fair value of warrant derivative liability 

Amortization
 of debt discount 

Amortization
 of intangible asset 

Depreciation 

Changes
in operating assets and liabilities: 

(Increase)
 decrease in other receivables 

Increase
 (decrease) in accounts payable 

Increase
 in accrued liabilities 

Net
 cash used in operating activities 

Cash
 flows from investing activities 

Purchase
 of fixed assets 

Proceeds
 from repayment of advances receivable 

Purchase
 of intangible assets 

Net
 cash used in investing activities 

Cash
 flows from financing activities 

Payment
 of dividends 

Proceeds
 from loans payable 

Repayment
 of loans payable 

Proceeds
 from loans payable - related party 

Repayment
 of loans payable - related party 

Net
 proceeds from issuance of Series C Preferred Stock and associated warrants 

Proceeds
 from issuance of convertible notes payable 

Net
 cash provided by financing activities 

Effects
 of exchange rate changes on cash 

Net
 Change in Cash 

Cash
 - Beginning of Period 

Cash
 - End of Period 

Supplemental
 information: 

Cash
 paid for interest 

Cash
 paid for taxes 

Non-cash
 investing and financing activities 

Original
 issue discount on convertible notes 

Common
 stock issued for conversion of debt 

Special
 2019 Series A Preferred Stock issued to/from Treasury to related party in increase/satisfaction of debt 

Common
 stock issued to related party for conversion of Series B Preferred Stock 

Warrant
 liability 

Declared
 dividends 

Repurchase
 and cancellation of Special 2019 Series A Preferred Stock via issuance of related party note payable 

Assignment
 of advances repayable to debt payable 

Common
 stock issued for conversion of notes 

Common
 stock issued in satisfaction of dividend payable 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

 Table of Contents 

BUBBLR, INC. 

 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December 31, 2022 and 2021 

, and became a subsidiary of UWRL. On March 30, 2021, the Company s
corporate name was changed to Bubblr, Inc. the Company ). 

Bubblr, Inc. is an application software
company that is currently developing its disruptive Ethical Web platform This WEB. platform will provide a holistic view of progress
in the development of digital products, services and teams designed to inform our ability to use our in-house and code and that
of our partners, lead advances in development criteria, and respond quickly to shifts in trends and applications. 

during the year ended December 31, 2022 and has an accumulated deficit of as of December
31, 2022. In addition, current liabilities exceed current assets by as of December 31, 2022. 

Management
intends to raise additional operating funds through equity and/or debt offerings. However, there can be no assurance management will
be successful in its endeavors. (see Note 15 Subsequent Events). 

There are
no assurances that the Company will be able to either (1) achieve a level of revenues adequate to generate sufficient cash flow from operations;
or (2) obtain additional financing through either private placement, public offerings and/or bank financing necessary to support its working
capital requirements. To the extent that funds generated from operations and any private placements, public offerings and/or bank financing
are insufficient, the Company will have to raise additional working capital. No assurance can be given that additional financing
will be available, or if available, will be on terms acceptable to the Company. If adequate working capital is not available to the
Company, it may be required to curtail or cease its operations. 

Due to uncertainties
related to these matters, there exists a substantial doubt about the ability of the Company to continue as a going concern. The accompanying
consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability or classification of asset-carrying amounts
or the amounts and classification of liabilities that may result should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

. There
were no changes in the fair value hierarchy leveling during the year ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

Warrants 

Convertible Notes 

Total 

and with respect to the refundable
tax offset. 

Fixtures and Furniture 

Vehicles 

Maintenance
and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. Improvements of a major nature are capitalized. At the time of retirement or other disposition
of property and equipment, the cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and any gains or losses are reflected in
income. 

Annual
 average GBP :US exchange rate 

Aggregate transaction gains or losses,
including gains or losses related to foreign-denominated cash and cash equivalents and the re-measurement of certain inter-company balances,
are included in the statement of operations as other income and expense. Losses on foreign exchange transactions totaling 
and were recognized during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

UK Tax Risk 

Companies which are incorporated outside the UK may
become subject to UK taxes in a number of circumstances, including circumstances in which (1) they are deemed resident in the UK for tax
purposes by reason of their central management and control being exercised from the UK or (2) they are treated as carrying on a trade,
investing or carrying on any other business activity in the UK, whether or not through a UK Permanent Establishment PE ). 

In addition, the Finance Act 2015 introduced a new
tax known as the diverted profits tax DPT which is charged at 25 of any taxable diverted profits. The DPT
has had effect since April 1, 2015 and may apply in circumstances including: (1) where arrangements are designed to ensure that a non-UK
resident company does not carry on a trade in the UK through a PE; and (2) where a tax reduction is obtained through the involvement of
entities or transactions lacking economic substance. We intend to operate in such a manner that none of our companies should be subject
to the UK DPT and that none of our companies (other than those companies incorporated in the UK) should: (1) be treated as resident in
the UK for tax purposes; (2) carry on a trade, invest or carry on any other business activity in the UK (whether or not through a UK PE). 

However, this result is based on certain legal and
factual determinations, and since the scope and the basis upon which the DPT will be applied by HM Revenue Customs HMRC in the UK remains uncertain and since applicable law and regulations do not conclusively define the activities that constitute conducting
a trade, investment or business activity in the UK (whether or not through a UK PE), and since we cannot exclude the possibility that
there will be a change in law that adversely affects the analysis, HMRC might successfully assert a contrary position. The terms of an
income tax treaty between the UK and the home country of the relevant Bubblr subsidiary, if any, could contain additional protections
against UK tax. 

Any arrangements between UK-resident entities of Bubblr
and other entities of Bubblr are subject to the UK transfer pricing regime. Consequently, if any agreement between a UK resident entity
of Bubblr and any other Bubblr entity (whether that entity is resident in or outside of the UK) is found not to be on arm s length
terms and as a result a UK tax advantage is being obtained, an adjustment will be required to compute UK taxable profits as if such an
agreement were on arm s length terms. Any transfer pricing adjustment could adversely impact the tax charge incurred by the relevant
UK resident entities of Bubblr. 

UK VAT receivable 

Prepayments 

Total other receivables 

The
UK company moved premises in the year and was received as returned security deposit. 

Advance receivable - J 

Repayment received 

Interest due 

Assignment of receivable 

Effects of Currency translation 

Total advances receivable 

The advance labelled Advance principal receivable-G
carries an interest rate of . The advance principal labelled Advance receivable -J is non-interest bearing. Repayment of and
 was received from G during the year to December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

On December 20, 2022, our founder, Mr. Stephen Morris,
came to agreement with the Company to have all risks and responsibilities in connection to the collection of the advances assigned to
him. As a result, the loan payable to Mr. Morris was reduced by the same amount of . (See Note 10 Related Party Transactions). 

Additions 

Effects of currency translation 

At December 31, 2022 

Less accumulated depreciation 

At December 31, 2021 

Depreciation expense 

Effects of currency translation 

At December 31, 2022 

Net book value 

At December 31, 2022 

At December 31, 2021 

During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the Company recorded purchases of and , respectively, and depreciation expense of and , respectively. There was
no impairment or disposal of property and equipment. 

. 

Intellectual Property 

Intellectual property represents capitalized
costs of the Company s qualifying internal research and developments . Intellectual property is amortized over its useful
life of and reported at cost less accumulated amortization and accumulated impairment loss. 

Trademarks 

The Company has the following trademarks. 

Mark 
 Category 
 Proprietor 
 Country 
 Class(es) 
 Status 
 Reg. Date. 
 File No. 
 
 CITIZENS JOURNALIST 
 Words 
 Bubblr Limited 
 European Union 
 9 38 
 REGISTERED 
 16-Nov-2019 
 206382.EM.01 
 
 CITIZENS JOURNALIST 
 Word 
 Bubblr Limited 
 United Kingdom 
 9 38 
 REGISTERED 
 05-Jul-2019 
 206382.GB.01 
 
 CITIZENS JOURNALIST 
 Words 
 Bubblr Limited 
 United Kingdom 
 9 38 
 REGISTERED 
 16-Nov-2019 
 206382.GB.02 
 
 CITIZENS JOURNALIST 
 Word 
 Bubblr Limited 
 United States 
 9 38 41 42 
 REGD-DEC USE 
 08-Feb-2022 
 206382.US.01 

Words and Colour Device 
 Bubblr Limited 
 European Union 
 9 38 
 REGISTERED 
 16-Nov-2019 
 206383.EM.01 

Series of Logos 
 Bubblr Limited 
 United Kingdom 
 9 38 
 REGISTERED 
 05-Jul-2019 
 206383.GB.01 

Words and Colour Device 
 Bubblr Limited 
 United Kingdom 
 9 38 
 REGISTERED 
 16-Nov-2019 
 206383.GB.02 

Words and Device 
 Bubblr Limited 
 United States 
 9 38 41 42 
 ACCEPTED 
 
 206383.US.01 
 
 BAU NOT OK/BAU Not OK 
 Series of Marks 
 Bubblr Limited 
 United Kingdom 
 9 38 
 REGISTERED 
 11-Oct-2019 
 208674.GB.01 
 
 NEWZMINE/NewzMine 
 Series of Marks 
 Bubblr Limited 
 United Kingdom 
 9 38 42 
 REGISTERED 
 25-Dec-2020 
 227753.GB.01 

The Company capitalizes trademark costs where
the likelihood of acceptance is expected. Each trademark has been determined to have an infinite useful life and is assessed each reporting
period for impairment. If there has been a reduction in the value of the trademark or if the trademark is not successfully registered,
the asset will be impaired and charged to expense in the period of impairment. 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, trademarks consisted
of the following: 

Citizens Journalist 

Effects of currency translation 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, intangible assets consisted
of the following: 

Additions 

Effects of currency translation 

At December 31, 2022 

Less accumulated amortization 

At December 31, 2021 

Amortization expense 

Effects of currency translation 

At December 31, 2022 

Net book value 

At December 31, 2022 

At December 31, 2021 

During the year ended December 30, 2022 and 2021,
the Company purchased and , respectively, in intangible assets, and recorded amortization expense of and ,
respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, impairment of and was recorded. Based on the carrying value of
definite-lived intangible assets as of December 31, 2022, we estimate our amortization expense for the next five years will be as follows: 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Dividend Payable 

Payroll Payable 

Total accrued liabilities 

,
less an original issuance discount of , resulting in net proceeds of . The notes mature after eighteen (18) months from
issue or on the following events: 

Interest accrual and debt discount amortization
commenced July 1, 2021 upon the closing of the convertible promissory note offering. 

In November 2021 the Company commenced an offering
for a convertible promissory note. The offering closed November 5, 2021. Funds raised as of November 5, 2021 totaled . The notes
mature after eighteen months from issue or on the following events: 

Interest accrual commenced December 1,
2021 upon the closing of the convertible promissory note offering. 

On September 1, 2022 the note holders of the convertible
promissory note issued June 30, 2021 and November 5, 2021 passed, by a majority, an amendment of Section 6 of the Notes. 

Section 6 of each of the Notes is hereby
amended and restated in its entirety as follows: 

On December 15, 2022, the note holders of the convertible
promissory note issued June 30, 2021 and November 5, 2021 passed, by a majority, an amendment of Section 6 of the Notes. 

Section 6 of each of
the Notes is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows: 

There were no accounting ramifications as a result
of the above amendments. 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, convertible
notes consisted of the following. 

Total convertible notes payable 

Less: unamortized debt discount 

Less: notes converted to common stock 

Less: current portion of convertible notes 

Long-term convertible notes 

During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the Company recorded interest expense of and , respectively, and debt discount amortization of and , respectively.
On December 15, 2022 all note holders requested voluntary conversion of the notes to common shares at , resulting in and 
in accrued interest at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and common shares issued. 

Interest due on notes 

Total convertible notes payable 

Common shares issued at voluntary conversion rate of 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company
converted the 2019 note of to shares of common stock. 

to White Lion Capital, LLC, a Nevada company. The note had an original issue discount of . The
principal of was repaid in full on April 26, 2022. The net proceeds received by the Company totaled , and the debt
discount was amortized to interest expense during the period the loan was outstanding. 

The Company has purchased a vehicle under a capital
finance arrangement. The term of this loan is and annual interest rate is . At December 31, 2022 and 2021, loan payable obligations
included in current liabilities were and , respectively, and loan payable obligations included in long-term liabilities
were and , respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company made and respectively,
in loan payments. 

At December 31, 2022, future minimum payments under
the loan, are as follows: 

2024 

Thereafter 

Less: Imputed interest 

Loan payable 

Loan payable current 

Loan payable - non-current 

and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Loan 1. 

On September
6, 2022, the Company entered into a second amendment (the Amendment with Bubblr Limited and Mr. Morris to add 52,088) to the principal of the loan in exchange for Mr. Morris cancelling his Special 2019 Series A Preferred Stock, which has
super voting rights. 

On December 20, 2022, the
Company entered into a third amendment (the Amendment with Bubblr Limited and Mr.
Morris to reduce the outstanding principal amount of the loan by 59,543) in exchange for the Company assigning
advances receivables of 59,543) whereon Mr. Morris is entitled to amounts received pursuant to such receivables and will
bear the risk of non-payment with respect to such receivables. After this assignment, the Company will have no right to receive
any amounts collected with respect to such receivables and will have no liability for non-payment of the receivables or any costs of
collections. 

Loan 2. 

 On September
7, 2022, our wholly owned subsidiary, Bubblr Limited, entered into a new loan agreement (the Loan Agreement with Mr. Morris
for 434,060). The Loan Agreement is unsecured, carries interest, is non-convertible and is due upon maturity, which
is after the date of the agreement. 

The Company received and proceeds and
made repayments of and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The loan principal due was decreased by and 
during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, in regards the sale of the Special 2019 Series A Preferred Stock to Mr.
Morris in 2021, and the Company s subsequent repurchase and cancellation of preferred stock and the assignment of debt during 2022.
Activity on this loan to arrive at the December 31, 2022 and 2021 balances is as follows: 

Effects of currency translation 

Loan Payable 

Conversions from (into) preferred stock 

Assignment of advances receivable 

Balance current 

Add: additions non-current 

Effects of currency translation 

Balance non-current 

Ending balance 

At December 31, 2020, the Company had loans from two
minority shareholders totaling . During the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company received an additional loan from one of these
minority shareholders totalling . The loan is non-interest bearing and due for repayment on . Agreement was reached
to extend repayment of the loan to April 30, 2022, with no penalties. All outstanding amounts were paid by this date. On February 15,
2022 the Company received a loan from a minority shareholder for . The loan bears interest at a rate of and is due for repayment
before . During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company received proceeds on these loans of and
 , respectively, made repayments of and , respectively, and accrued interest
of and , respectively . Activity on this loan to arrive at the December 31, 2022 and 2021 balances is as follows: 

Effects of currency translation 

Loan Payable 

Add: additions 

Less: repayments 

Ending balance 

- years 
 
 Expected average volatility 
 
 - 
 
 Expected dividend
 yield 

Risk-free interest rate 

The following table summarizes the changes in the
warrant liabilities during the year ended December 31, 2022: 

Day-one loss 

Change in fair value of warrant liability 

Warrant liability as of December 31, 2022 

- Foreign 

Loss before income taxes 

The components of the Company s deferred tax asset and reconciliation
of income taxes computed at the statutory rate to the income tax amount recorded as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, are as follows: 

Effective tax rate 

Deferred tax asset 

Foreign taxes 
 
 ) 
 
 Less: valuation allowance 
 
 ) 
 
 Net deferred tax asset 

The Company has provided for a full valuation allowance
against the deferred tax assets, on the expected future tax benefits from the net operating loss carryforwards, as the management believes
it is more likely than not that these assets will not be realized in the future. The valuation allowance decreased by and increased
by during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

United States of America 

Bubblr, Inc. is registered in the State of Wyoming
and is subject to the tax laws of United States of America at a standard tax rate of . Due to a change of control, the Company
will not be able to carryover net operating losses NOL generated before August 13, 2020 to offset future income. 

As of December 31, 2022, the operations in the United
States of America incurred approximately of cumulative NOL s which can be carried forward indefinitely to offset
future taxable income. 

The Company s tax returns are subject to examination
by United States tax authorities beginning with the year ended December 31, 2017. 

United Kingdom 

The Company s subsidiaries operating in the
United Kingdom UK are subject to tax at a standard income tax rate of on the assessable income arising in
the UK during its tax year. 

As of December 31, 2021, the operations in the UK
incurred of cumulative NOLs which can be carried forward to indefinitely offset future taxable income. The Company
has provided for a full valuation allowance against the deferred tax assets of on the expected future tax benefits
from the net operating loss carryforwards as the management believes it is more likely than not that these assets will not be realized
in the future. 

The Company s tax returns are subject to examination
by HM Revenue Customs, for the years ended 2022 and 2021. 

preferred shares with a par value of per share. The Board of Directors is authorized to divide the authorized shares
of Preferred Stock into one or more series, each of which shall be so designated as to distinguish the shares thereof from the shares
of all other series and classes. 

Special 2019 Series A
Preferred Stock 

The Company has designated
one share of Series A Preferred Stock, par value . 

On September
6, 2022, the Company repurchased for and cancelled the Special 2019 Series A Preferred Stock held by Mr. Morris via the issuance
of related party note payable (see Note 10 - Related Party Transactions). 

As of December 31, 2022 and
2021, the Company had and share, respectively, of 2019 Series A Preferred stock issued and outstanding. 

Series B Preferred Stock 

At December 31, 2022 and
2021, the Company had designated and shares of Series B Preferred Stock, par value . On March 31, 2021 the Company amended and
restates its Articles of Incorporation and in doing so, retired the Series B Preferred Stock. 

Prior to the retirement of the Series B Preferred
Stock, the following designations were in effect: 

During 2021, the Company converted the shares of
Series B Preferred to shares of common stock valued at to the Company s Founder in satisfaction of debt (see Note 10
- Related Party Transactions). 

As of December 31, 2022 and
2021, the Company had shares of Series B preferred stock issued and outstanding. 

Series C Convertible Preferred Stock 

On March
4, 2022, the Company filed a Certificate of Designation with the Wyoming Secretary of State, which established shares of the Company s
Series C Convertible Preferred Stock, Stated Value per share. 

During the
year ended December 31, 2022, the Company declared dividends of , of which was paid via the issuance of shares
of common stock, was paid in cash, and remained declared but unpaid at December 31, 2022. 

The Company
has the right to redeem the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock, in accordance with the following schedule: 

The Company shall pay a dividend
of per annum on the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock. Dividends shall be paid quarterly, and at the Company s discretion,
in cash or Series C Convertible Preferred Stock. Dividend shall be deemed to accrue from the date of issuance of the Series C Convertible
Preferred Stock whether or not earned or declared and whether or not there are profits, surplus or other funds of the Company legally
available for the payment of dividends. 

The Series
C Convertible Preferred Stock will vote together with the common stock on an as-converted basis subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitations
(as set forth in the Certificate of Designation). 

On March
4, 2022, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the GHS Securities Purchase Agreement with GHS Investments,
LLC GHS ), whereby GHS agreed to purchase, in tranches, up to of the Company s Series C Convertible Preferred
Stock in exchange for shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock. 

On March
4, 2022, the Company issued to GHS the first tranche of shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock, as well as commitment shares
of shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock and warrant shares (the GHS Warrant ). Warrant shares represent
 of the number of shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock (the GHS Warrant
Shares ). The Company agreed to register the shares of common stock issuable pursuant to the conversion of the Series C Convertible
Preferred Stock and the GHS Warrant Shares. 

GHS delivered gross proceeds
of to the Company (excluded were legal fees and a transaction fee charged by Spartan Capital). 

On March
9, 2022, the Company entered a Securities Purchase Agreement with Proactive Capital Partners LP Proactive ), whereby Proactive
agreed to purchase shares of Series C Preferred Stock. 

The Company
agreed to issue Proactive commitment shares of shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock and warrant shares (the Warrant ).
Warrant shares represent of the number of shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock
(the Warrant Shares ). The Company agreed to register the shares of common stock issuable pursuant to the conversion of the
Series C Convertible Preferred Stock and the Warrant Shares. 

On
March 9, 2022, the Company issued shares of Series C Convertible Preferred stock to Proactive Capital Partners LP as per the Securities
Purchase Agreement. Proactive delivered gross proceeds of to the Company (excluded were legal fees). 

On April 24, 2022 the Company
issued the second tranche of s hares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock and warrant shares
as per its Securities Purchase Agreement (the GHS Securities Purchase Agreement with GHS Investments, LLC GHS ),
of March 4, 2022. GHS delivered gross proceeds of to the Company (excluded were legal fees and a transaction fee charged
by Spartan Capital). 

On May 25, 2022 the Company
issued the third tranche of s hares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock and warrant shares
as per its Securities Purchase Agreement (the GHS Securities Purchase Agreement with GHS Investments, LLC GHS ),
of March 4, 2022. GHS delivered gross proceeds of to the Company (excluded were legal fees and a transaction fee charged
by Spartan Capital). 

On June 24, 2022 the Company
issued the fourth tranche of s hares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock and warrant shares
as per its Securities Purchase Agreement (the GHS Securities Purchase Agreement with GHS Investments, LLC GHS ),
of March 4, 2022. GHS delivered gross proceeds of to the Company (excluded were legal fees and a transaction fee charged
by Spartan Capital). 

On
September 7, 2022, our wholly owned subsidiary, Bubblr Limited, entered into a new loan agreement (the Loan Agreement with Mr. Morris for 434,060 USD
at December 31, 2022). In order to enter into the new loan, shares of common stock: shares of common stock to GHS and shares of
common stock to Proactive. The resulting common shares were valued at , which was recorded as interest expense.

As a result
of the above transactions, the Company received total net proceeds of , of which has been allocated to the warrants and
Series C Preferred Stock based on the warrants fair market values on each contract date, with the residual loss of allocated
to day-one loss on warrant liability associated with the March 2022 issuances, and excess proceeds of allocated to the Series
C Preferred Stock associated with the April, May, and June 2022 issuances. As at December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had and 
shares of Series C Preferred Stock issued and outstanding, respectively. 

Common Stock 

The Company has authorized
 common shares with a par value of per share. Each common share entitles the holder to one vote, in person or proxy,
on any matter on which action of the stockholders of the corporation is sought. 

During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the Company issued common shares as follows: 

Year ended December, 2021 

shares for Advisory
Board services valued at . 
 
 shares for Investor Relations
services valued at . 
 
 shares for conversion
of B preferred shares in satisfaction of related party debt of . 

shares for the conversion of debt valued at .
 The debt consisted of the 2019 Convertible promissory
 Note of ,
 plus an accrued consulting fee of .
 The Company recorded other income with respect to a gain on the settlement of the accrued
 consulting fee of (see
 Note 8 - Convertible Note Payable) 

Year ended December 31, 2022 

shares for Executive
Board Chair services valued at . 

shares for Investor
Relations and Consulting services valued at . 

140,000 shares for Debt conversion
of Investor Relations fee valued at 28,000. 

shares as commitment shares under the Equity Financing Agreement valued at . 

shares as compensation for loan waiver under Series C Preferred Stock share purchase agreement valued at . 

shares for conversion of convertible notes issued in 2021 valued at . 

shares for dividend due on Series C Preferred Stock to September 30, 2022 valued at . 

As at December
31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had and shares, respectively, of common stock issued and outstanding. 

Warrants 

The Company
identified conversion features embedded within warrants issued during the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company has determined that
the conversion feature of the Warrants represents an embedded derivative since the conversion price includes a reset provision which could
cause adjustments in redemption value and number of shares issued upon exercise (see Note 11 - Warrant Liability). 

A summary of
activity during the period ended December 31, 2022 follows: 

Exercised 

Forfeited/canceled 

Outstanding, December 31, 2022 

Exercisable Warrants, December 31, 2022 

The
following table summarizes information relating to outstanding and exercisable warrants as of September 30, 2022: 

As
at December 31, 2022 the intrinsic value of the warrants is , as the price of the Company s stock was below the warrant exercise
price. 

Equity
Incentive Plan 

On May 25, 2022,
our board of directors and majority shareholders approved the adoption of the Bubblr, Inc. 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2022
Equity Incentive Plan and, unless earlier terminated, will continue until May 25, 2032. A total of shares of common
stock may be issued under the 2022 Equity Incentive Plan. The purpose of the 2022 Equity Incentive Plan is to foster and promote our long-term
financial success and increase stockholder value by motivating performance through incentive compensation. The 2022 Equity Incentive Plan
is intended to encourage participants to acquire and maintain ownership interests in our company and to attract and retain the services
of talented individuals upon whose judgment and special efforts the successful conduct of our business is largely dependent. 

If the employee
is terminated for cause, the employee will forfeit the Restricted Stock Units RSUs awarded to date. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued pursuant to the 2022 Equity Incentive Plan, a total of RSUs
to two Company executives pursuant to their employment agreements. (See Note 14 - Commitments and Contingencies) shares that vests ratably over the vesting period. 

The RSUs were
valued at , based on the market price of the Company s common stock on the respective grant dates of the agreements, which
was per share, and were to be recognized as compensation expense over their two-year vesting period on a straight-line basis.
During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded stock-based compensation of and had unrecognized stock compensation
of as of December 31, 2022. 

The award of RSUs was forfeited by the executives
upon their termination of employment on January 31, 2023, on which date the remaining unrecognized stock compensation of was
expensed in full. (See Note 15 Subsequent Events) 

Equity
Financing Agreements 

On February 1, 2022, Bubblr,
Inc. entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (the SPA and Registration Rights Agreement with White Lion Capital LLC WLC ).

In consideration for entering
into the SPA, on February 1, 2022 the Company issued shares of common stock to WLC valued at . 

On March 22, 2022, the Company entered into a Termination
and Release Agreement with WLC to extinguish the SPA and Registration Rights Agreement in exchange for the issuance of shares
of common stock. The stock was issued on March 22, 2022, and was valued at . 

On
March 4, 2022, the Company entered into an Equity Financing Agreement (the EFA and Registration Rights Agreement with
GHS Investments LLC GHS ). Commission. 

The registration statement
on Form S-1 was effective as of June 24, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2022 GHS has provided under the EFA. 

In consideration for entering
into the EFA, on March 4, 2022 the Company issued shares of common stock to GHS valued at . 

and for its rented premises in Dunfermline, Scotland. The 12-month lease
was not renewed in March 2021 and the vacated the premises on . The Company currently rents virtual office space on a month
by month rolling contract at a monthly rate of . This lease is exempt from ASC 842 lease accounting due to its short term. 

During the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company paid and for use of premises in New York, New York. The -month agreement was
signed in August 2021 for twelve months, after which it became a rolling monthly contract, at a monthly rate of , and is exempt from
ASC 842 lease accounting due to its short term. 

reduced by until at least funding has been received through the S-1 offering. 

reduced by until at least funding has been received through the
S-1 offering. Mr. Willard was also granted a signing bonus of restricted shares, which were issued in June 2021. 

On May 31, 2022,
our board of directors approved amended and restated employment agreements in favor of our then-Chief Executive Officer, Rik Willard,
and our then-Chief Commercial Officer, Steven Saunders. 

On January 31, 2023, Steven
Saunders and Rik Willard entered into a separation agreement with the Company regarding the terms and conditions of their departures from
the Company. (see Note 15 - Subsequent Events) 

reduced by until at least has been received through the S-1 offering. 

On March 25, 2022, the Company entered into a service
agreement with PCG Advisory, Inc. The term was commencing April 1, 2022. PCG Advisory, Inc. will receive cash of 7,000, plus
 7,000 stock compensation per month. The number of shares will be determined based on the closing price on the last trading day of the
previous month. The contract was terminated effective February 28, 2023. 

Mr. Saunders forfeited 3,000,000
non-vested Restricted Stock Units awarded May 31, 2022 under the 2022 Equity Incentive Plan. 

Pursuant to the provisions
of the Separation Agreement with Mr. Willard and in consideration for a complete release of claims, we agreed as follows: 

As of the date of the Separation Agreement,
Mr. Willard is no longer an officer or director of our company and all prior agreements with Mr. Willard, including his employment agreement,
are terminated in their entirety; 
 
 We agreed to pay a lump sum of 12,801
by February 20, 2023; 
 
 We agreed to pay 75,806 in instalments
monthly over a period of six months from February 28, 2023 and continuing until July 31, 2023; 
 
 We agreed to pay 4,806 in instalments
monthly over a period of six months from August 31, 2023 and continuing until January, 31, 2024; 
 
 A
 final payment of 18,000 due by September 30, 2024; and 
 
 Our
 shareholder, Stephen Morris, has agreed to transfer to Mr. Willard 1,750,000 shares of his
 common stock. 

Mr. Willard forfeited 5,400,000
non-vested Restricted Stock Units awarded May 31, 2022 under the 2022 Equity Incentive Plan. 

On February 10, 2023 Mr. Mathew Loeb resigned as Chair
of our Board of Directors 

David Chetwood 

On February 12 2023, David Chetwood was appointed
as Chief Financial Officer and Secretary of our Company. 

F- 29 

 Table of Contents 

2. Financial
Statement Schedules 

All schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the
 Commission are either not required under the related instructions, are not applicable (and therefore have been omitted),
or the required disclosures are contained in the financial statements included herein. 

 3. Exhibits
(including those incorporated by reference). 

 (b) The following
exhibits are filed as a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 

Exhibit No. 
 Exhibit Description 

3.1 
 Amended
 and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Bubblr Inc., a Wyoming corporation (1) 

3.2 
 Bylaws of Bubblr Inc . (1) 

3.3 
 Certificate of Designation for Series C Convertible Preferred Stock (3) 

4.1 
 Form of Convertible Promissory Note (1) 

4.2 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant dated March 4, 2022 in favor of GHS Investments (6) 

4.3 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant dated March 9, 2022 in favor of Proactive Capital Partners LP (6) 

4.4 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant dated April 25, 2022 in favor of GHS Investments (5) 

4.5 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant dated May 25, 2022 in favor of GHS Investments (7) 

4.6 
 Amendment No. 2 to Convertible Promissory Note, dated December 15, 2022 (10) 

4.7 
 Amendment No. 2 to Convertible Promissory Note, dated December 15, 2022 (10) 

4.8 
 Third Amendment to Loan Agreement, dated December 20 2022 (11) 

10.1 
 Form of Note Purchase Agreement (1) 

10.2 
 Employment Agreement dated July 1, 2021 with Steven Saunders (1) 

10.3 
 Employment Agreement dated July 1, 2021 with Stephen Morris (1) 

10.4 
 Employment Agreement dated August 16, 2021 with Rik Willard (1) 

10.5 
 Loan Agreement dated January 10, 2016 with Stephen Morris (2) 

10.6 
 Securities Purchase Agreement dated March 4, 2022 with GHS Investments (9) 

10.7 
 Securities Purchase Agreement dated March 9, 2022 with Proactive Capital Partners LP (9) 

10.8 
 Equity Financing Agreement dated March 9, 2022 with GHS Investments (3) 

10.9 
 Registration Rights Agreement dated March 9, 2022 with GHS Investments (3) 

10.10 
 Termination and Release Agreement dated March 22, 2022 with White Lion Capital LLC (4) 

10.11 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement dated May 31, 2022 with Rik Willard (8) 

10.12 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement dated May 31, 2022 with Steven Saunders (8) 

10.13 
 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (8) 

47 

 Table of Contents 

10.14 
 Amendment to Loan Agreement dated May 23, 2022 with Stephen Morris (8) 

10.15 
 Separation Agreement with Rik Willard dated January 31, 2023 (12) 

10.16 
 Separation Agreement with Steve Saunders dated January 31, 2023 (12) 

10.17 
 Employment Agreement with David Chetwood dated February 10, 2022 (13) 

21.1 
 List of Subsidiaries (1) 

31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed herewith. 

 Furnished herewith. 

(1) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Form S-1, filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 9, 2021. 

(2) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Form S-1/A, filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 23, 2021 

(3) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K, filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 10, 2022. 

(4) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K, filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 28, 2022. 

(5) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K, filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 26, 2022. 

(6) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K, filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 4, 2022. 

(7) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K, filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 25, 2022. 

(8) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K, filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 1, 2022. 

(9) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Form S-1/A, filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 4, 2022 

(10) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K, filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 21, 2022. 

(11) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K, filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 23, 2022. 

(12) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K, filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 6, 2022. 

(13) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K, filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 14, 2022. 

ITEM 16. FORM
10-K SUMMARY. 

None. 

48 

 Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to
the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Bubblr, Inc. 

Pursuant to the requirements of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the
capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Stephen Morris 
 
 Interim Chief Executive Officer, Principal Executive Officer and Director 
 
 March 29, 2023 
 
 Stephen Morris 

/s/ David Chetwood 
 
 Chief Financial Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer 
 
 March 29, 2023 
 
 David Chetwood 

49 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31_1.htm

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Stephen Morris, certify that; 

1. 
 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Bubblr, Inc. (the
 registrant ); 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 29, 2023 

/s/ Stephen Morris 

 By: Stephen Morris 

 Title: Interim Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31_2.htm

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, David Chetwood, certify that; 

1. 
 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Bubblr, Inc. (the
 registrant ); 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 29, 2023 

/s/ David Chetwood 

 By: David Chetwood 

 Title: Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32_1.htm

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
AND 

 CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Bubblr,
Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the Report ), I, Stephen Morris, Interim Chief Executive Office, and I, David Chetwood, Chief Financial Officer of the
Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material
respects, the consolidated financial condition of the Company as of the dates presented and the consolidated result of operations
of the Company for the periods presented. 

By: 
 /s/ Stephen Morris 
 
 Name: 
 Stephen Morris 
 
 Title: 
 Interim Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Date: 
 March 29, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ David Chetwood 
 
 Name: 
 David Chetwood 
 
 Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Date: 
 March 29, 2023 

This certification has been furnished solely pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 bblr-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 bblr-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 bblr-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 bblr-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

