<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230224_10-K_edgar_data_1060224_0000950170-23-004415.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>60540075</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>349971</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>4235520</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>31913132</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>8300164</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>14478918</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>16</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-004415.hdr.sgml : 20230224
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230224173126
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-004415
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		99
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230224
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230224

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			LIFE STORAGE, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000944314
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				161194043
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-13820
		FILM NUMBER:		23668856

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6467 MAIN ST
		CITY:			WILLIAMSVILLE
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			14221
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7166331850

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6467 MAIN ST
		CITY:			WILLIAMSVILLE
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			14221

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SOVRAN SELF STORAGE INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19950421

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			LIFE STORAGE LP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001060224
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE [6500]
		IRS NUMBER:				161481551
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-24071
		FILM NUMBER:		23668857

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6467 MAIN ST
		CITY:			WILLIAMSVILLE
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			14221
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7166331850

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6467 MAIN ST
		CITY:			WILLIAMSVILLE
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			14221

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SOVRAN ACQUISITION LTD PARTNERSHIP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19980420

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-004415.txt : 20230224

10-K
 1
 lsi-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

683524 
 
 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 
 or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from _____ to _____ 

Commission File Number: 
 (Life Storage, Inc.) 
 (Life Storage LP) 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 

(Life Storage, Inc.) (Life Storage LP) 
 
 (Life Storage, Inc.) (Life Storage LP) 

(State of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code) 
 
 (Registrant s telephone number including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Life Storage, Inc.: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Life Storage LP: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

Life Storage, Inc. 
 
 No 

Life Storage LP 
 
 No 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. 

Life Storage, Inc. 
 
 Yes 

Life Storage LP 
 
 Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

Life Storage, Inc. 
 
 No 

Life Storage LP 
 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 

Life Storage, Inc. 
 
 No 

Life Storage LP 
 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Life Storage, Inc.: 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

Life Storage LP: 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Life Storage, Inc. 

Life Storage LP 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Life Storage, Inc. 

Life Storage LP 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Life Storage, Inc. 

Life Storage LP 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Life Storage, Inc. 

Life Storage LP 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

Life Storage, Inc. 
 
 Yes No 

Life Storage LP 
 
 Yes No 

As of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the Common Stock held by non-affiliates of Life Storage, Inc. was approximately (based on the closing price of the Common Stock on the New York Stock Exchange on June 30, 2022). As of February 16, 2023, shares of Common Stock, .01 par value per share, were outstanding. 
 As of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the limited partnership units (the OP Units held by non-affiliates of Life Storage LP was (based on the closing price of the Common Stock of Life Storage, Inc. on the New York Stock Exchange on June 30, 2022). (For this calculation, the market value of all OP Units beneficially owned by Life Storage, Inc. has been excluded.) 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

EXPLANATORY NOTE 
 This report combines the annual reports on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Life Storage, Inc. (the Parent Company and Life Storage LP (the Operating Partnership ). The Parent Company is a real estate investment trust, or REIT, that owns its assets and conducts its operations through the Operating Partnership, a Delaware limited partnership, and subsidiaries of the Operating Partnership. The Parent Company, the Operating Partnership and their consolidated subsidiaries are collectively referred to in this report as the Company. In addition, terms such as we, us, or our used in this report may refer to the Company, the Parent Company and/or the Operating Partnership. 
 Life Storage Holdings, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Parent Company Holdings ), is the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership; the Parent Company is a limited partner of the Operating Partnership, and through its ownership of Holdings and its limited partnership interest, controls the operations of the Operating Partnership, holding a 97.9 ownership interest therein as of December 31, 2022, assuming the conversion of all preferred operating partnership units at that date. The remaining ownership interests in the Operating Partnership are held by certain former owners of assets acquired by the Operating Partnership. As the owner of the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership, the Parent Company has full and complete authority over the Operating Partnership s day-to-day operations and management. 
 Management operates the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership as one enterprise. The management teams of the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership are identical. 
 There are few differences between the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership, which are reflected in the note disclosures in this report. The Company believes it is important to understand the differences between the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership in the context of how these entities operate as a consolidated enterprise. The Parent Company is a REIT, whose only material asset is its ownership of the partnership interests of the Operating Partnership. As a result, the Parent Company does not conduct business itself, other than acting as the owner of the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership, issuing public equity from time to time and guaranteeing the debt obligations of the Operating Partnership. The Operating Partnership holds substantially all the assets of the Company and, directly or indirectly, holds the ownership interests in the Company s real estate ventures. The Operating Partnership conducts the operations of the Company s business and is structured as a partnership with no publicly traded equity. Except for net proceeds from equity issuances by the Parent Company, which are contributed to the Operating Partnership in exchange for partnership units, the Operating Partnership generates the capital required by the Company s business through the Operating Partnership s operations, by the Operating Partnership s direct or indirect incurrence of indebtedness or through the issuance of partnership units of the Operating Partnership. 
 The substantive difference between the Parent Company s filings and the Operating Partnership s filings is the fact that the Parent Company is a REIT with public equity, while the Operating Partnership is a partnership with no publicly traded equity. In the financial statements, this difference is primarily reflected in the equity (or capital for the Operating Partnership) section of the consolidated balance sheets and in the consolidated statements of shareholders equity (or partners capital). Apart from the different equity treatment, the consolidated financial statements of the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership are nearly identical. 
 The Company believes that combining the annual reports on Form 10-K of the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership into a single report will: 
 facilitate a better understanding by the investors of the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership by enabling them to view the business as a whole in the same manner as management views and operates the business; 

remove duplicative disclosures and provide a more straightforward presentation in light of the fact that a substantial portion of the disclosure applies to both the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership; and 

create time and cost efficiencies through the preparation of one combined report instead of two separate reports. 

In order to highlight the differences between the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership, the separate sections in this report for the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership specifically refer to the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership. In the sections that combine disclosures of the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership, this report refers to such disclosures as those of the Company. Although the Operating Partnership is generally the entity that directly or indirectly enters into contracts and real estate ventures and holds assets and debt, reference to the Company is appropriate because the business is one enterprise and the Parent Company operates the business through the Operating Partnership. 
 As the owner of the general partner with control of the Operating Partnership, the Parent Company consolidates the Operating Partnership for financial reporting purposes, and the Parent Company does not have significant assets other than its investment in the Operating Partnership. Therefore, the assets and liabilities of the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership are the same on their respective financial statements. The separate discussions of the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership in this report should be read in conjunction with each other to understand the results of the Company s operations on a consolidated basis and how management operates the Company. 
 This report also includes separate Item 9A - Controls and Procedures sections, signature pages and Exhibit 31 and 32 certifications for each of the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership in order to establish that the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of the Parent Company and the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of the Operating Partnership have made the requisite certifications and that the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership are compliant with Rule 13a-15 or Rule 15d-15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 18 U.S.C. 1350. 
 2 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Part I 

4 

Item 1. Business 

5 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

10 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

16 

Item 2. Properties 

16 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

18 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

18 

Part II 

19 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

19 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

22 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

31 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

31 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

66 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

66 

Item 9B. Other Information 

70 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

70 

Part III 

71 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

71 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

71 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

71 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

71 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

71 

Part IV 

72 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

72 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 

76 

SIGNATURES 

77 

3 
 
 Part I 
 Forward Looking Statements 
 When used in this discussion and elsewhere in this document, the words intends, believes, expects, anticipates, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements within the meaning of that term in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and in Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 All forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may cause our actual results, performance or achievements of the Company to be materially different from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. We may also make additional forward-looking statements from time to time. All such subsequent forward-looking statements, whether written or oral, by us or on our behalf, are also expressly qualified by these cautionary statements. All forward-looking statements apply only as of the date made. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise forward-looking statements which may be made to reflect events or circumstances after the date made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. 
 There are a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements contained in this report. Any forward-looking statements should be considered in light of the risks referenced in Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors below. Such factors include, but are not limited to: 
 adverse changes in general economic conditions, the real estate industry and in the markets in which we operate; 

the effect of competition from new self-storage facilities or other storage alternatives, which would cause rents and occupancy rates to decline; 

impacts from the COVID-19 pandemic or the future outbreak of other highly infectious or contagious diseases on the U.S., regional and global economies and our financial condition and results of operations; 

potential liability for uninsured losses and environmental contamination; 

the impact of the regulatory environment as well as national, state, and local laws and regulations including, without limitation, those governing real estate investment trusts REITs ), tenant reinsurance and other aspects of our business, which could adversely affect our results; 

loss of key personnel; 

the Company s ability to evaluate, finance and integrate acquired self-storage facilities on expected terms into the Company s existing business and operations; 

costs incurred by the Company in response to Public Storage's unsolicited efforts to acquire the Company; 

the Company s ability to effectively compete in the industry in which it does business; 

disruptions in credit and financial markets and resulting difficulties in raising capital or obtaining credit at reasonable rates or at all, which could impede our ability to grow. 

the Company s existing indebtedness may mature in an unfavorable credit environment, preventing refinancing or forcing refinancing of the indebtedness on terms that are not as favorable as the existing terms; 

interest rates may increase, impacting costs associated with the Company s outstanding floating rate debt, if any, and impacting the Company s ability to comply with debt covenants; 

exposure to litigation or other claims; 

risks associated with breaches of our data security; 

the regional concentration of the Company's business may subject the Company to economic downturns in the states of Florida and Texas; 

the Company s cash flow may be insufficient to meet required payments of operating expenses, principal, interest and dividends; and 

failure to maintain our REIT status for U.S. federal income purposes, including tax law changes that may change the taxability of future income. 

The forward-looking statements are based on our beliefs, assumptions and expectations of our future performance, taking into account all information currently available to us. These beliefs, assumptions and expectations are subject to risks and uncertainties and can change as a result of many possible events or factors, not all of which are known to us. If a change occurs, our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations may vary materially from those expressed in our forward-looking statements. You should carefully consider these risks before you make an investment decision with respect to our securities. 
 4 
 
 Item 1. B usiness 
 The Company is a self-administered and self-managed real estate company that acquires, owns and manages self-storage properties. We refer to the self-storage properties in which we have an ownership interest, lease, and/or are managed by us as Properties. We began operations on June 26, 1995. We were formed to continue the business of our predecessor company, which had engaged in the self-storage business since 1985. At December 31, 2022, we had an ownership interest in and/or managed 1,198 self-storage properties in 37 states and the District of Columbia. Among our 1,198 self-storage properties are 141 properties that we manage for unconsolidated joint ventures, 299 properties that we manage and have no ownership interest, and five properties that we lease. We believe we are the fourth largest operator of self-storage properties in the United States based on square feet owned and managed. Our Properties in the United States conduct business under the customer-friendly name Life Storage . 
 At December 31, 2022, the Parent Company owned a direct or indirect interest in 899 of the Properties through the Operating Partnership, which includes 758 wholly-owned properties and 141 properties owned by unconsolidated joint ventures. In total, we own a 97.9 economic interest in the Operating Partnership and unaffiliated third parties collectively own a 2.1 limited partnership interest at December 31, 2022, assuming the conversion of all preferred operating partnership units at that date. We believe that this structure, commonly known as an umbrella partnership real estate investment trust UPREIT ), facilitates our ability to acquire properties by using units of the Operating Partnership as currency. By utilizing interests in the Operating Partnership as currency in self-storage facility acquisitions, we may partially defer the seller s income tax liability which in turn may allow us to obtain more favorable pricing. 
 The Parent Company was incorporated on April 19, 1995 under Maryland law. The Operating Partnership was formed on June 1, 1995 as a Delaware limited partnership and has engaged in virtually all aspects of the self-storage business, including the development, acquisition, management, ownership and operation of self-storage facilities. Our principal executive offices are located at 6467 Main Street, Williamsville, New York 14221, our telephone number is (716) 633-1850, and our website is www.lifestorage.com . 
 We seek to enhance shareholder value through internal growth, acquisition of additional storage properties, expansion and enhancement of existing self-storage properties, expansion of our third-party management platform, select new development, and advances in innovative technology. Internal growth is achieved through aggressive property management: optimizing rental rates, increasing occupancy levels, controlling costs, maximizing collections, and strategically expanding and enhancing the Properties. Should demographic and economic conditions warrant, we may develop new properties. We believe that there continues to be opportunity for growth through acquisitions, including acquisitions through unconsolidated joint ventures of the Company. We seek to acquire self-storage properties that are susceptible to realization of increased economies of scale and improved performance through application of our expertise. 
 Industry Overview 
 We believe that self-storage facilities offer affordable storage space to residential and commercial users. In addition to fully enclosed and secure storage space, many facilities also offer outside storage for automobiles, recreational vehicles and boats. Modern facilities, such as those owned and/or managed by the Company, are usually fenced and well lit with automated access systems and surveillance cameras and offer temperature and humidity control features. Our customers rent space on a month-to-month basis and typically have access to their storage space up to 15 hours a day, with 24-hour access in certain circumstances. Individual storage spaces are secured by the customer s lock, and the customer has control of access to the space. 
 According to the 2023 Self-Storage Almanac, of the estimated 51,000 core self-storage facilities in the United States (those properties identified as having self-storage operated as the core business at the address), approximately 24.2 are owned and/or managed by the 10 largest operators. This results in a highly fragmented industry as the remainder of the industry is characterized by numerous small, local operators. The scarcity of capital available to small operators for acquisitions and expansions, internet marketing, call centers, and the potential for savings through economies of scale are factors that are leading to consolidation in the industry. We believe that, as a result of this trend, significant growth opportunities exist for operators with proven management systems and sufficient capital resources to grow through acquisitions and/or third-party management platforms. 
 Property Management 
 We have over 35 years of experience acquiring, building, expanding and managing self-storage facilities, and the combined experience of our key personnel makes us one of the leaders in the industry. Our primary business objectives are to maximize cash flow available for distribution to our stockholders and to achieve sustainable long-term growth in cash flow per share in order to maximize long-term stockholder value at acceptable levels of risk. To support our long-term growth, we employ the following strategies with respect to our property management: 
 5 
 
 Our People: 
 We recognize the importance of quality people to the success of an organization. Accordingly, we hire and train to ensure that associates can reach their full potential. We conduct annual anonymous surveys of all employees to proactively identify areas for improvement. We strive to ensure that all associates conduct themselves in accordance with our core values: Teamwork, Respect, Accountability, Integrity, and Innovation. In turn, we support them with state-of-the-art training tools including an online learning management system, a company intranet and a network of certified training personnel. Every store team also has frequent, and sometimes daily, interaction with an Area Manager, a Regional Vice President, an Accounting Representative, and other support personnel. As such, our store associates are held to high standards for customer service, store appearance, financial performance, and overall operations. 
 Training Development: 
 Our employees benefit from a wide array of training and development opportunities. New store employees undergo a comprehensive, proprietary training program designed to drive sales and operational results while ensuring the delivery of quality customer service. To supplement their initial training, employees enjoy continuing edification, coaching, and performance feedback, including customer satisfaction surveying, throughout their tenure. 
 All learning and development activities are facilitated through our online training and development portal. This portal delivers and tracks hundreds of computer-based training and compliance courses; it also administers tests, surveys, and the employee appraisal process. The Company s training and development program encompasses the tools and support we deem essential to the success of our employees and business. 
 Marketing and Advertising: 
 The digital age has changed consumer behavior the way people shop, their expectations, and the way we communicate with them. As such, we utilize the following strategies to market our properties and products: 
 We created, developed and implemented Rent Now, our proprietary fully-digital rental platform for customers who prefer to self-serve and complete the rental process online. Customers can now skip the counter by selecting a storage unit, completing the rental agreement and making their rental payment online. The customer receives their property access code and step-by-step directions to their specific rental unit on a digital map sent to their mobile device. Rent Now is fully-integrated with Life Storage s operating, security and revenue management systems, allowing for real-time and efficient inventory and sales management. 

We employ a Customer Care Center (call center) that services an average of 56,000 rental related inquiries per month. Our Sales Representatives answer incoming sales calls for all of our locations, 364 days a year, 24 hours a day. In addition, they respond to email inquiries and serve as overnight customer service agents to assist customers outside of regular office hours. The team undergoes continuous training and coaching in effective storage sales techniques and best practices in customer service, which we believe results in higher conversions of inquiries to rentals. 

We maintain a website and involve internal and external expertise to manage our internet presence and leverage a search engine and social media marketing strategy to attract customers and gain rentals online, through our call center and at our stores. Precise targeting and tracking through campaign management and analysis allows us to attract the right customers, at the right time, for reasonable costs of acquisition. 

Since demand for storage is largely based on timing, the goal is to create positive brand recognition through a variety of channels, both digital and traditional. When the time comes for a customer to select a storage company, we want the Life Storage brand to be recognized as the most trusted and respected provider. We employ a variety of different strategies to create brand awareness; this includes our branded merchandise such as moving and packing supplies, regional marketing in the communities in which we operate, and digital targeting using search, social media and remarketing campaigns. We strive to introduce storage solutions early and often to gain the most exposure as possible for the longest duration. 

Approximately 59.7 of our self-storage space is comprised of units with temperature and/or humidity control capabilities which we market to corporate, retail and residential customers seeking storage solutions for valuable, sentimental, or otherwise sensitive items. 

6 
 
 Third-Party Management: 
 We seek to add third-party managed stores to our portfolio in order to help drive fee revenue, brand awareness, cost efficiencies and customer data to make more informed revenue management decisions with little capital investment. The portfolio also may, in certain circumstances, serve to supplement our acquisition pipeline. 
 To broaden opportunities available, we have implemented a bridge lending program, under which an unconsolidated joint venture of the Company provides financing to properties that we will manage. We anticipate that this program will help us increase our management business, create additional future acquisition opportunities, and strengthen our relationship with partners, all while providing interest and fee income. This joint venture generally originates mortgage loans and mezzanine loans, with the intent to sell the mortgage loans to third parties, while retaining the joint venture's interests in these loans. 
 Corporate Customer Value Proposition: 
 We offer a differentiated corporate customer value proposition through Warehouse Anywhere. Warehouse Anywhere is Life Storage s proprietary intelligent and technologically advanced warehousing solution that provides third-party logistics (3PL) through a forward deployed, unmanned model combining storage asset management with a proprietary inventory management application across a network of more than 12,000 Life Storage or partner facilities. 
 Ancillary Income: 
 We know that our over 690,000 customers require more than just a storage space. Knowing this, we offer a wide range of other products and services that fulfill their needs while providing us with ancillary income. We rent moving dollies and blankets, in addition to carrying a wide assortment of moving and packing supplies including boxes, tape, locks, and other essential items. For those customers who do not carry storage insurance, we make available renters insurance on which we earn income by providing reinsurance through a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. We also receive incidental income from billboards and cell towers. 
 Information Systems: 
 Each of our primary business functions is linked to our customized computer applications, many of which are proprietary. These systems provide for consistent, timely and accurate flow of information throughout our critical platforms: 
 Our proprietary operating software LifeOS is installed at all locations and performs the functions necessary for field personnel to efficiently and effectively run a property. This includes customer account management, automatic imposition of late fees, move-in and move-out analysis, generation of essential legal notices, and marketing reports to aid in regional marketing efforts. Financial reports are automatically transmitted to our Corporate Offices overnight to allow for strict accounting oversight. 

LifeOS is linked with each of our primary sales channels (customer care center, internet, store) allowing for real-time access to space type and inventory, pricing, promotions, and other pertinent store information. This robust flow of information facilitates our commitment to capturing prospective customers from all channels. 

LifeOS provides our revenue management team with raw data on historical pricing, move-in and move-out activity, specials and occupancies, etc. This data is utilized in the various algorithms that form the foundation of our revenue management program. Changes to pricing and specials are pushed out to all sales channels instantaneously. 

LifeOS generates financial reports for each property that provide our accounting and audit departments with the necessary oversight of transactions; this allows us to maintain proper control of cash receipts. 

Revenue Management: 
 Our proprietary revenue management system is constantly evolving through the efforts of our dedicated data science and revenue management team. We have the ability to change pricing instantaneously for any single unit type, at any single location, based on the occupancy, competition, and forecasted changes in demand. By analyzing current customer rent tenures, we can implement rental rate increases at optimal times to increase revenues. Advanced pricing analytics enable us to reduce the amount of concessions, attracting a more stable customer base and discouraging short-term price shoppers. This system continues to drive revenue stability and/or growth throughout our portfolio. 
 Property Maintenance: 
 We take great pride in the appearance and structural integrity of our Properties. All of our Properties go through a thorough annual inspection performed by experienced project managers. These inspections provide the basis for short and long term planned projects that are all performed under a standardized set of specifications. Routine maintenance such as landscaping, pest control, and snowplowing is contracted to local providers to whom we clearly communicate our standards. Further, our software tracks repairs, monitors contractor performance and measures the useful life of assets. As with many other aspects of our Company, our size has allowed us to enjoy relatively low maintenance 
 7 
 
 costs because we have the benefit of economies of scale in purchasing, travel, and overhead absorption. In addition, we continually look to green alternatives and implement energy saving alternatives as new technology becomes available. This includes the installation of solar panels, LED lighting, energy efficient air conditioning units, and cool roofs which are all environmentally friendly solutions that have the potential to reduce energy consumption (thereby reducing costs) in the buildings in which they are installed. We continue to implement and expand the Company s solar panel initiative which has reduced energy consumption and costs at those installed locations. 
 Environmental Social Governance: 
 Our Environmental, Social and Governance ESG Committee supports our on-going commitment to sustainability by identifying, evaluating and monitoring ESG issues throughout the Company and overseeing the integration of strategic ESG initiatives throughout the organization. On-going initiatives can be found within our annual Sustainability Report located on our website at https://www.lifestorage.com/company/sustainability/ . 
 Environmental and Other Regulations 
 We are subject to federal, state, and local environmental regulations that apply generally to the ownership of real property. We have not received notice from any governmental authority or private party of any material environmental noncompliance, claim, or liability in connection with any of the Properties, and are not aware of any environmental condition with respect to any of the Properties that could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. 
 The Properties are also generally subject to the same types of local regulations governing other real property, including zoning ordinances. We believe that the Properties are in substantial compliance with all such regulations. 
 Insurance 
 Each of the Properties is covered by fire and property insurance (including comprehensive liability and business interruption), and all-risk property insurance policies, which are provided by reputable companies and on commercially reasonable terms. In addition, we maintain a policy insuring against environmental liabilities resulting from tenant storage on terms customary for the industry, and title insurance insuring fee title to the Company-owned Properties in an amount that we believe to be adequate. 
 Federal Income Tax 
 We operate, and we intend to continue to operate, in such a manner as to continue to qualify as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), but no assurance can be given that we will at all times so qualify. To the extent that we continue to qualify as a REIT, we will not be taxed, with certain limited exceptions, on the taxable income that is distributed to our shareholders. We have elected to treat certain of our subsidiaries as taxable REIT subsidiaries. In general, our taxable REIT subsidiaries may perform additional services for customers and generally may engage in certain real estate or non-real estate related business. Our taxable REIT subsidiaries are subject to federal and state corporate income taxes. See Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - REIT Qualification and Distribution Requirements. 
 Competition 
 The primary factors upon which competition in the self-storage industry is based are location, appearance, rental rates, suitability of the property s design to prospective customers needs, and how the property is operated and marketed. We believe we compete successfully on these factors. The extent of competition depends significantly on local market conditions. We seek to locate where we can increase market share while not adversely affecting any of our existing locations in that market. However, the number of self-storage facilities in a particular area could have a material adverse effect on the performance of any of the Properties. 
 Several of our competitors are larger and have substantially greater financial resources than we do. These larger operators may, among other possible advantages, be capable of greater leverage and the payment of higher prices for acquisitions. However, we believe that we are well positioned to compete for acquisitions. 
 Investment Policy 
 While we emphasize equity real estate investments, we may, at our discretion, invest in mortgage and other real estate interests related to self-storage properties in a manner consistent with our qualification as a REIT. We may also retain a purchase money mortgage for a portion of the sale price in connection with the disposition of Properties from time to time. Should investment opportunities become available, we may look to acquire additional self-storage properties via new or existing joint-venture partnerships or similar entities. We may or may not elect to have a significant investment in such a venture, but would use such an opportunity to expand our portfolio of branded and managed properties. We also invest in innovative, and sometimes proprietary, new technology that we believe provides us with a competitive advantage. 
 8 
 
 Subject to the percentage of ownership limitations and gross income tests necessary for REIT qualification, we also may invest in securities of entities engaged in real estate activities or securities of other issuers, including for the purpose of exercising control over such entities. 
 Disposition Policy 
 Any disposition decision of our Properties is based on a variety of factors, including, but not limited to, (i) the potential to continue to increase cash flow and value, (ii) the sale price, (iii) the strategic fit with the rest of our portfolio, (iv) the potential for, or existence of, environmental or regulatory issues, (v) alternative uses of capital, and (vi) maintaining qualification as a REIT. 
 The Company did not sell any self-storage facilities in 2022, 2021, or 2020. During 2022, one of the Company's unconsolidated joint ventures sold one self-storage facility, which was acquired by the Company. During 2021, the Company s unconsolidated joint ventures sold a total of four self-storage facilities, all of which were acquired by the Company. During 2020, the Company's unconsolidated joint ventures sold a total of 36 self-storage facilities, 32 of which were acquired by the Company. 
 Distribution Policy 
 We intend to pay regular quarterly distributions to our shareholders. However, future distributions by us will be at the discretion of the Board of Directors and will depend on the actual cash available for distribution, our financial condition and capital requirements, the annual distribution requirements under the REIT provisions of the Code and such other factors as the Board of Directors deems relevant. In order to maintain our qualification as a REIT, we must make annual distributions to shareholders of at least 90 of our REIT taxable income (which does not include capital gains or losses). Under certain circumstances, we may be required to make distributions in excess of cash available for distribution in order to meet the minimum requirements. 
 Financing Policy 
 Our Board of Directors currently limits the amount of debt that may be incurred by us to less than 50 of the sum of the market value of our issued and outstanding common and preferred stock plus our debt. We, however, may from time to time re-evaluate and modify our borrowing policy considering current economic conditions, relative costs of debt and equity capital, market values of properties, growth and acquisition opportunities and other factors. In addition to our Board of Directors debt limits, our most restrictive debt covenants limit our leverage. However, we believe cash flow from operations, access to the capital markets and access to our credit facility, as described below, are adequate to execute our current business plan and remain in compliance with our debt covenants. 
 The following sets forth certain financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2022: 
 On July 13, 2022, the Company entered into an amended and restated credit facility. Under the amended credit facility, the Company's revolving credit facility increased to 1.25 billion and the maturity date of such facility was extended to January 13, 2027. The new revolving credit facility bears interest at a variable annual rate equal to Term SOFR plus a 0.10 SOFR adjustment plus a margin based on the Company's credit rating (the margin was 0.775 at December 31, 2022) and requires an annual facility fee on the revolving credit facility which varies based on the Company s credit rating (the facility fee was 0.15 at December 31, 2022). The interest rate on the Company s revolving credit facility at December 31, 2022 was approximately 5.20 . At December 31, 2022, there was 654.9 million available on the unsecured line of credit. The Company has the option under this credit facility to increase the total aggregate borrowing capacity to 2.0 billion. 
 Amounts outstanding on the Company s line of credit at December 31, 2022 totaled 595.0 million. 
 During 2022, the Company issued 1,352,833 shares of common stock under the Company s continuous equity offering programs at a weighted average issue price of 135.22, generating net proceeds of 180.8 million. 
 To the extent that we desire to obtain additional capital to pay distributions, to provide working capital, to pay existing indebtedness or to finance acquisitions, expansions or development of new properties, we may utilize amounts available under our line of credit, common or preferred stock offerings, floating or fixed rate debt financing, retention of cash flow (subject to satisfying our distribution requirements under the REIT rules) or a combination of these methods. Additional debt financing may also be obtained through mortgages on our Properties, which may be recourse, non-recourse, or cross-collateralized and may contain cross-default provisions. We have not established any limit on the number or amount of mortgages that may be placed on any single Property or on our portfolio as a whole, although certain of our existing term loans contain limits on overall mortgage indebtedness. For additional information regarding borrowings and equity activities, see Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources and Notes 5, 6 and 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements filed herewith. 
 9 
 
 Employees 
 At December 31, 2022, we employ a total of 2,508 employees, including 1,052 property managers, 70 area managers, and 979 associate managers and part-time employees. At our headquarters, in addition to our three senior executive officers, we employ 404 people engaged in various support activities, including accounting, human resources, customer care, and management information systems. None of our employees are covered by a collective bargaining agreement. We consider our employee relations to be excellent. 
 Available Information 
 We file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission quarterly and annual reports on Forms 10-Q and 10-K, respectively, current reports on Form 8-K, and proxy statements pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, in addition to other information as required. We file this information with the SEC electronically, and the SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at http://www.sec.gov. Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments to those reports are available free of charge on our web site at http://www.lifestorage.com as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. In addition, our Codes of Ethics and Charters of our Nominating, Governance and Corporate Responsibility Committee, Audit and Risk Management Committee, and Compensation and Human Capital Committee are available free of charge on our website at http://www.lifestorage.com . 
 Also, copies of our annual report and Charters of our committees will be made available, free of charge, upon written request to Life Storage, Inc., Attn: Investor Relations, 6467 Main Street, Williamsville, NY 14221. 
 Item 1A. Ri sk Factors 
 You should carefully consider the risks described below, together with all of the other information included in or incorporated by reference into our Form 10-K, as part of your evaluation of the Company. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business could be harmed. In such case, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment . 
 Our Acquisitions May Not Perform as Anticipated 
 We have completed hundreds of acquisitions of self-storage facilities since our initial public offering of common stock in June 1995. One of our strategies is to continue to grow by acquiring additional self-storage facilities. Acquisitions entail risks that investments will fail to perform in accordance with our expectations. Our judgments with respect to the prices paid for acquired self-storage facilities and the costs of any improvements required to bring an acquired property up to our standards may prove to be inaccurate. Acquisitions also involve general investment risks associated with any new real estate investment. 
 We May Incur Problems with Our Real Estate Financing 
 Unsecured Credit Facility, Term Notes and Senior Notes. We have a line of credit and term note agreements with a syndicate of financial institutions and other lenders, along with senior debt of 2.4 billion. This indebtedness is recourse to us and the required payments are not reduced if the economic performance of any of the properties declines. The facilities limit our ability to make distributions to our shareholders, except in limited circumstances. 
 Rising Interest Rates . Indebtedness that we incur under the unsecured credit facility bears interest at a variable rate. Accordingly, increases in interest rates could increase our interest expense, which would reduce our cash available for distribution and our ability to pay expected distributions to our shareholders. We manage our exposure to rising interest rates by entering into fixed rate financing agreements for a portion of our outstanding indebtedness and through other available mechanisms, including interest rate swaps, as deemed necessary. If the amount of our indebtedness bearing interest at a variable rate increases, our unsecured credit facility may require us to enter into interest rate swaps. 
 Refinancing May Not Be Available. It may be necessary for us to refinance our indebtedness through additional debt financing or equity offerings. If we were unable to refinance this indebtedness on acceptable terms, we might be forced to dispose of some of our self-storage facilities upon disadvantageous terms, which might result in losses to us and might adversely affect the cash available for distribution. If prevailing interest rates or other factors at the time of refinancing result in higher interest rates on any refinancings, our interest expense would increase, which would adversely affect our cash available for distribution and our ability to pay expected distributions to shareholders. 
 Covenants and Risk of Default . Our loan instruments require us to operate within certain covenants, including financial covenants with respect to leverage, fixed charge coverage, minimum net worth, limitations on additional indebtedness and dividend limitations. If we violate any of these covenants or otherwise default under these instruments, then our lenders could declare all indebtedness under these facilities to be immediately due and payable which would have a material adverse effect on our business and could require us to sell self-storage facilities under distressed conditions and seek replacement financing on substantially more expensive terms. 
 10 
 
 Reduction in or Loss of Credit Rating. Certain of our debt instruments require us to maintain an investment grade rating from at least one, and in some cases two, debt ratings agencies. Should we receive a reduction in our credit rating from the agencies, the interest rate on our line of credit would increase by up to 1.40 . Should we fail to attain an investment grade rating from the agencies, the interest rate on our 175 million term note due 2024 would increase by 1.750 . 
 Our Debt Levels May Increase 
 Our Board of Directors currently has a policy of limiting the amount of our debt at the time of incurrence to less than 50 of the sum of the market value of our issued and outstanding common stock and preferred stock plus the amount of our debt at the time that debt is incurred. However, our organizational documents do not contain any limitation on the amount of indebtedness we might incur. Accordingly, our Board of Directors could alter or eliminate the current policy limitation on borrowing without a vote of our shareholders. We could become highly leveraged if this policy were changed. However, our ability to incur debt is limited by covenants in our debt instruments. 
 We Are Subject to the Risks Posed by Fluctuating Demand and Significant Competition in the Self-Storage Industry 
 Our self-storage facilities are subject to all operating risks common to the self-storage industry. These risks include but are not limited to the following: 
 Decreases in demand for rental spaces in a particular locale; 

Changes in supply of similar or competing self-storage facilities in an area; 

Changes in market rental rates; and 

Inability to collect rents from customers. 

Our current strategy is to acquire interests only in self-storage facilities. Consequently, we are subject to risks inherent in investments in a single industry. Our self-storage facilities compete with other self-storage facilities in their geographic markets. Due to competition, the self-storage facilities could experience a decrease in occupancy levels and rental rates, which would decrease our cash available for distribution. We compete in operations and for acquisition opportunities with companies that have substantial financial resources. Competition may reduce the number of suitable acquisition opportunities offered to us and increase the bargaining power of property owners seeking to sell. The self-storage industry has at times experienced overbuilding in response to perceived increases in demand. A recurrence of overbuilding might cause us to experience a decrease in occupancy levels, limit our ability to increase rents, and compel us to offer discounted rents. 
 We have incurred costs, and expect to incur additional costs, responding to Public Storage's unsolicited efforts to acquire the Company 
 On February 5, 2023, Public Storage made public an unsolicited proposal to acquire the Company. On February 16, 2023, the Company issued a press release announcing that the Company's board of directors unanimously rejected the proposal. The Company has incurred legal and professional fees and other costs related to Public Storage's unsolicited proposal and expects to incur additional fees and other costs and charges in the future in connection with the proposal. Such fees and other costs may be significant and could have a significant negative effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are Subject to Risks from Natural Disasters and Climate Change 
 We are subject to risks from natural disasters and climate change. Natural disasters and severe weather such as earthquakes, tornadoes, hurricanes or floods may result in significant damage to our properties. The extent of our casualty losses and loss in operating income in connection with such events is a function of the severity of the event and the total amount of exposure in the affected area. When we have geographic concentration of exposures, a single catastrophe, such as a tornado affecting our properties in Texas or elsewhere, or destructive weather event, such as a hurricane affecting our properties in Florida or elsewhere, may have a significant negative effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. As a result, our operating and financial results may vary significantly from one period to the next. Our financial results may be adversely affected by our exposure to losses arising from natural disasters or severe weather. We also are exposed to risks associated with inclement winter weather, particularly in the Northeast and Midwest regions, regions in which some of our properties are located, including increased need for maintenance and repair of our buildings. 
 As a result of climate change, we may also experience extreme weather and changes in precipitation and temperature, all of which may result in physical damage of, decreased demand for, and/or increased cost of insurance for our Properties located in the areas affected by these conditions. Should the impact of climate change be material in nature, our financial condition or results of operations would be adversely affected. In addition, changes in federal and state legislation and regulation on climate change could result in increased capital expenditures to improve the energy efficiency of our existing properties in order to comply with such regulations. 
 11 
 
 Our Real Estate Investments Are Illiquid and Are Subject to Uninsurable Risks and Government Regulation 
 General Risks. Our investments are subject to varying degrees of risk generally related to the ownership of real property. The underlying value of our real estate investments and our income and ability to make distributions to our shareholders are dependent upon our ability to operate the self-storage facilities in a manner sufficient to maintain or increase cash available for distribution. Income from our self-storage facilities may be adversely affected by the following factors: 
 Changes in national economic conditions; 

Changes in general or local economic conditions and neighborhood characteristics; 

Competition from other self-storage facilities; 

Changes in interest rates and in the availability, cost and terms of financing; 

The impact of present or future environmental legislation and compliance with environmental laws; 

The ongoing need for capital improvements, particularly in older facilities; 

Changes in real estate tax rates and other operating expenses; 

Adverse changes in governmental rules and fiscal policies; 

Uninsured losses resulting from casualties associated with civil unrest, acts of God, including natural disasters, and acts of war; 

Adverse changes in zoning laws; and 

Other factors that are beyond our control. 

Illiquidity of Real Estate May Limit its Value. Real estate investments are relatively illiquid. Our ability to vary our portfolio of self-storage facilities in response to changes in economic and other conditions is limited. In addition, provisions of the Code may limit our ability to profit on the sale of self-storage facilities held for fewer than two years. We may be unable to dispose of a facility when we find disposition advantageous or necessary and the sale price of any disposition may not equal or exceed the amount of our investment. 
 Uninsured and Underinsured Losses Could Reduce the Value of our Self Storage Facilities. Some losses, generally of a catastrophic nature, that we potentially face with respect to our self-storage facilities may be uninsurable or not insurable at an acceptable cost. Our management uses its discretion in determining amounts, coverage limits and deductibility provisions of insurance, with a view to acquiring appropriate insurance on our investments at a reasonable cost and on suitable terms. These decisions may result in insurance coverage that, in the event of a substantial loss, would not be sufficient to pay the full current market value or current replacement cost of our lost investment. Inflation, changes in building codes and ordinances, environmental considerations, and other factors also might make it infeasible to use insurance proceeds to replace a property after it has been damaged or destroyed. Under those circumstances, the insurance proceeds received by us might not be adequate to restore our economic position with respect to a particular property. 
 Possible Liability Relating to Environmental Matters. Under various federal, state and local environmental laws, ordinances and regulations, a current or previous owner or operator of real property may be liable for the costs of removal or remediation of hazardous or toxic substances on, under, or in that property. Those laws often impose liability even if the owner or operator did not cause or know of the presence of hazardous or toxic substances and even if the storage of those substances was in violation of a customer s lease. In addition, the presence of hazardous or toxic substances, or the failure of the owner to address their presence on the property, may adversely affect the owner s ability to borrow using that real property as collateral. In connection with the ownership of the self-storage facilities, we may be potentially liable for any of those costs. 
 Americans with Disabilities Act. The Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, or ADA, generally requires that buildings be made accessible to persons with disabilities. A determination that we are not in compliance with the ADA could result in imposition of fines or an award of damages to private litigants. If we were required to make modifications to comply with the ADA, our results of operations and ability to make expected distributions to our shareholders could be adversely affected. 
 There Are Limitations on the Ability to Change Control of the Company 
 Limitation on Ownership and Transfer of Shares. To maintain our qualification as a REIT, not more than 50 in value of our outstanding shares of stock may be owned, directly or indirectly, by five or fewer individuals, as defined in the Code. To limit the possibility that we will fail to qualify as a REIT under this test, our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation Articles of Incorporation include ownership limits and transfer restrictions on shares of our stock. Our Articles of Incorporation limit ownership of our issued and outstanding stock by any single shareholder to 9.8 of the aggregate value of our outstanding stock, except that the ownership by some of our shareholders is limited to 15 . 
 12 
 
 These ownership limits may: 
 Have the effect of precluding an acquisition of control of the Company by a third-party without consent of our Board of Directors even if the change in control would be in the interest of shareholders; and 

Limit the opportunity for shareholders to receive a premium for shares of our common stock they hold that might otherwise exist if an investor were attempting to assemble a block of common stock in excess of 9.8 or 15 , as the case may be, of the outstanding shares of our stock or to otherwise effect a change in control of the Company. 

Our Board of Directors may waive the ownership limits if it is satisfied that ownership by those shareholders in excess of those limits will not jeopardize our status as a REIT under the Code or in the event it determines that it is no longer in our best interests to be a REIT. Waivers have been granted to the former holders of our Series C preferred stock, FMR Corporation, Cohen Steers, Inc. and Invesco Advisers, Inc. A transfer of our common stock and/or preferred stock to a person who, as a result of the transfer, violates the ownership limits may not be effective under some circumstances. 
 Other Limitations. Other limitations could have the effect of discouraging a takeover or other transaction in which holders of some, or a majority, of our outstanding common stock might receive a premium for their shares of our common stock that exceeds the then prevailing market price or that those holders might believe to be otherwise in their best interest. The issuance of shares of preferred stock could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control of the Company even if a change in control were in the shareholders interest. In addition, the Maryland General Corporation Law, or MGCL, imposes restrictions and requires specific procedures with respect to the acquisition of stated levels of share ownership and business combinations, including combinations with interested shareholders. These provisions of the MGCL could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control of the Company even if a change in control were in the shareholders interest. Our bylaws contain a provision exempting from the MGCL control share acquisition statute any and all acquisitions by any person of shares of our stock. However, this provision may be amended or eliminated at any time. In addition, under the Operating Partnership s agreement of limited partnership, in general, we may not merge, consolidate or engage in any combination with another person or sell all or substantially all of our assets unless that transaction includes the merger or sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Operating Partnership, which requires the approval of the holders of 75 of the limited partnership interests thereof. If we were to own less than 75 of the limited partnership interests in the Operating Partnership, this provision of the limited partnership agreement could have the effect of delaying or preventing us from engaging in some change of control transactions. 
 The Ability to Attract, Train and Retain Qualified Personnel May Have an Adverse Impact on Our Operations 
 We have over 2,500 personnel involved in the management and operation of our stores. We compete with various other companies in attracting and retaining qualified personnel. Competitive pressures may require that we enhance our pay and benefits package to compete effectively for such personnel. If there is an increase in these costs or if we fail to attract or retain qualified personnel, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. 
 Legal Disputes, Settlement and Defense Costs Could Have an Adverse Effect on our Operating Results 
 We may have to make monetary settlements or defend actions or arbitration (including class actions) to resolve tenant-related, employee-related or other claims and disputes. Settling any such claims and disputes could negatively impact our operating results and cash available for distribution to shareholders, and could also adversely affect our ability to sell, lease, operate or encumber affected self-storage facilities. 
 Our Tenant Reinsurance Program is Subject to Significant Governmental Regulation Which May Adversely Affect our Operating Results 
 Our tenant reinsurance program, which commenced April 1, 2019, is subject to significant government regulation. The regulatory authorities generally have broad discretion to grant, renew and revoke licenses and approvals; to promulgate, interpret, and implement regulations; and to evaluate compliance with regulations through periodic examinations, audits and investigations of the affairs of insurance providers. As a result of regulation or private action in any jurisdiction, we may be temporarily or permanently suspended from continuing some or all of our reinsurance activities, or otherwise fined, penalized and/or suffer an adverse judgment, which could all adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 Our Failure to Qualify as a REIT Would Have Adverse Consequences 
 We intend to continue to operate in a manner that will permit us to qualify as a REIT under the Code. We have not requested and do not plan to request a ruling from the Internal Revenue Service IRS that we qualify as a REIT, and the statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are not binding on the IRS or any court. Qualification as a REIT involves the application of highly technical and complex Code provisions for which there are only limited judicial and administrative interpretations. Continued qualification as a REIT depends upon our continuing ability to meet various requirements concerning, among other things, the ownership of our outstanding stock, the nature of our assets, the sources of our income and the amount of our distributions to our shareholders. The fact that we hold substantially all of our assets through our Operating Partnership and its subsidiaries and joint ventures further complicates the application of the REIT requirements for us. 
 13 
 
 Even a technical or inadvertent mistake could jeopardize our REIT status and, given the highly complex nature of the rules governing REITs and the ongoing importance of factual determinations, we cannot provide any assurance that we will continue to qualify as a REIT. Furthermore, Congress and the IRS might make changes to the tax laws and regulations, and the courts and the IRS might issue new rulings, that make it more difficult, or impossible, for us to remain qualified as a REIT. 
 If we were to fail to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year and are unable to avail ourselves of certain savings provisions set forth in the Code, we would not be allowed a deduction for distributions to shareholders in computing our taxable income and would be subject to federal income tax (including possibly increased state and local taxes) on our taxable income at the regular corporate rate of 21 . Unless entitled to relief under certain Code provisions, we also would be ineligible for qualification as a REIT for the four taxable years following the year during which our qualification was lost. As a result, distributions to the shareholders would be reduced for each of the years involved. Although we currently intend to continue to operate in a manner designed to qualify as a REIT, it is possible that future economic, market, legal, tax or other considerations may cause our Board of Directors to revoke our REIT election. If we fail to qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes and are able to avail ourselves of one or more of the statutory savings provisions in order to maintain our REIT status, we would nevertheless be required to pay penalty taxes of 50,000 or more for each such failure. 
 We Will Pay Some Taxes Even if We Qualify as a REIT, Reducing Cash Available for Shareholders 
 Even if we qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes, we are required to pay some federal, state and local taxes on our income and property. For example, we will be subject to income tax to the extent we distribute less than 100 of our REIT taxable income (including capital gains). Additionally, we will be subject to a 4 nondeductible excise tax on the amount, if any, by which dividends paid by us in any calendar year are less than the sum of 85 of our ordinary income, 95 of our capital gain net income and 100 of our undistributed income from prior years. Moreover, if we have net income from prohibited transactions, that income will be subject to a 100 tax. In general, prohibited transactions are sales or other dispositions of property held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business. The determination as to whether a particular sale is a prohibited transaction depends on the facts and circumstances related to that sale. While we will undertake sales of assets if those assets become inconsistent with our long-term strategic or return objectives, we do not believe that those sales should be considered prohibited transactions, but there can be no assurance that the IRS would not contend otherwise. The need to avoid prohibited transactions could cause us to forego or defer sales of properties that might otherwise be in our best interest to sell. 
 Certain of our subsidiaries have elected to be treated as taxable REIT subsidiaries of the Company for federal income tax purposes. A taxable REIT subsidiary is taxed as a regular corporation and is limited in its ability to deduct interest payments made to us in excess of a certain amount, in addition to other limitations imposed on the deductibility of interest under the applicable tax law. In addition, if we receive or accrue certain amounts and the underlying economic arrangements between our taxable REIT subsidiaries and us are not comparable to similar arrangements among unrelated parties, we will be subject to a 100 penalty tax on those payments in excess of amounts deemed reasonable between unrelated parties. 
 Finally, some state and local jurisdictions may tax some of our income even though as a REIT we are not subject to federal income tax on that income because not all states and localities follow the federal income tax treatment of REITs. To the extent that we are, or any taxable REIT subsidiary is, required to pay federal, foreign, state or local taxes, we will have less cash available for distribution to shareholders. 
 Complying with REIT Requirements May Limit Our Ability to Hedge Effectively and May Cause Us to Incur Tax Liabilities 
 The REIT provisions of the Code may limit our ability to hedge our assets and operations. Under these provisions, any income that we generate from transactions intended to hedge our interest rate risk will be excluded from gross income for purposes of the REIT 75 and 95 gross income tests if the instrument hedges interest rate risk on liabilities used to carry or acquire real estate assets or manages the risk of certain currency fluctuations, and such instrument is properly identified under applicable Treasury Regulations. Income from hedging transactions that do not meet these requirements will generally constitute non-qualifying income for purposes of both the REIT 75 and 95 gross income tests. As a result of these rules, we may have to limit our use of hedging techniques that might otherwise be advantageous or implement those hedges through a taxable REIT subsidiary. This could increase the cost of our hedging activities because our taxable REIT subsidiaries would be subject to tax on gains or expose us to greater risks associated with changes in interest rates than we would otherwise want to bear. In addition, any losses in the taxable REIT subsidiary will generally not provide any tax benefit, except for being carried forward against future taxable income in the taxable REIT subsidiary. 
 14 
 
 Complying with the REIT Requirements May Cause Us to Forgo and/or Liquidate Otherwise Attractive Investments 
 To qualify as a REIT, we must continually satisfy tests concerning, among other things, the sources of our income, the nature and diversification of our assets, the amounts that we distribute to our shareholders and the ownership of our shares. To meet these tests, we may be required to take actions that we would not otherwise consider advantageous or forgo taking actions that we would otherwise consider advantageous. For instance, in order to satisfy the gross income or asset tests applicable to REITs under the Code, we may be required to forgo investments that we otherwise would make. Furthermore, we may be required to liquidate from our portfolio otherwise attractive investments. In addition, we may be required to make distributions to shareholders at disadvantageous times or when we do not have funds readily available for distribution. These actions could reduce our income and amounts available for distribution to our shareholders. Thus, compliance with the REIT requirements may hinder our investment performance. 
 If the Operating Partnership Fails to Qualify as a Partnership for Federal Income Tax Purposes, We Could Fail to Qualify as a REIT and Suffer Other Adverse Consequences 
 We believe that the Operating Partnership is organized and operated in a manner so as to be treated as a partnership and not an association or a publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation, for federal income tax purposes. As a partnership, the Operating Partnership is not subject to federal income tax on its income. Instead, each of the partners is allocated its share of the Operating Partnership s income. No assurance can be provided, however, that the IRS will not challenge the Operating Partnership s status as a partnership for federal income tax purposes, or that a court would not sustain such a challenge. If the IRS were successful in treating the Operating Partnership as an association or publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation for federal income tax purposes, we would fail to meet the gross income tests and certain of the asset tests applicable to REITs and, accordingly, would cease to qualify as a REIT. Also, the failure of the Operating Partnership to qualify as a partnership would cause it to become subject to federal corporate income tax, which would reduce significantly the amount of its cash available for distribution to its partners, including us. 
 U.S. Federal Income Tax Treatment of REITs and Investments in REITs May Change, Which May Result in the Loss of Our Tax Benefits of Operating as a REIT 
 Current U.S. federal income tax treatment of a REIT and an investment in a REIT may be modified by legislative, judicial or administrative action at any time, and we cannot predict when such action may occur. We cannot predict how changes in U.S. federal income tax law will affect us or our investors nor can we predict the long-term impact of tax reforms on REITs. 
 We May Change the Dividend Policy for Our Common Stock in the Future 
 In 2022, our Board of Directors authorized and we declared quarterly common stock dividends of 1.00 per share in January and April and 1.08 per share in July and October, for a total 2022 dividend per share annual rate of 4.16 per share. In addition, our Board of Directors authorized and we declared a quarterly common stock dividend of 1.20 per share in January 2023. We can provide no assurance that our Board of Directors will not reduce or eliminate entirely dividend distributions on our common stock in the future. 
 Our Board of Directors will continue to evaluate our distribution policy on a quarterly basis as they monitor the capital markets and the impact of the economy on our operations. The decisions to authorize and pay dividends on our common stock in the future, as well as the timing, amount and composition of any such future dividends, will be at the sole discretion of our Board of Directors given conditions then existing, including our earnings, financial condition, capital requirements, debt maturities, the availability of capital, applicable REIT and legal restrictions and the general overall economic conditions and other factors. Any change in our dividend policy could have a material adverse effect on the market price of our common stock. 
 Market Interest Rates May Influence the Price of Our Common Stock 
 One of the factors that may influence the price of our common stock in public trading markets or in private transactions is the annual yield on our common stock as compared to yields on other financial instruments. An increase in market interest rates will result in higher yields on other financial instruments, which could adversely affect the price of our common stock. 
 Regional Concentration of Our Business May Subject Us to Economic Downturns in the States of Texas and Florida 
 As of December 31, 2022, 362 of our 1,198 self-storage facilities are located in the states of Texas and Florida. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the facilities in Texas and Florida accounted for approximately 16 and 15 of store revenues, respectively. This concentration of business in Texas and Florida exposes us to potential losses resulting from a downturn in the economies of those states. If 
 15 
 
 economic conditions in those states deteriorate, we may experience a reduction in existing and new business, which may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 When We Acquire Properties in New Markets, We Will Be Subject to Increased Operational Risks 
 We may acquire self-storage properties in markets where we have little or no operational experience. When we enter into new markets, we will be subject to increased risks resulting from our lack of experience and infrastructure in these markets and may need to incur additional costs, both expected and unexpected, to develop our operating capabilities in these markets. These risks could materially and adversely affect us, including our growth prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Changes in Taxation of Corporate Dividends May Adversely Affect the Value of Our Common Stock 
 The maximum marginal rate of tax payable by domestic noncorporate taxpayers on dividends received from a regular C corporation under current federal law generally is 20 , as opposed to higher ordinary income rates, plus a 3.8 Medicare tax on net investment income. The reduced tax rate, however, does not apply to distributions paid to domestic noncorporate taxpayers by a REIT on its stock, except for certain limited amounts. However, the TCJA allows domestic noncorporate taxpayers to deduct 20 of their dividends from REITs, excluding capital gain dividends and qualified dividend income (which continue to be subject to the 20 rate). As a result, dividend income received by our domestic non-corporate shareholders is subject to a maximum effective federal income tax rate of 29.6 (plus the 3.8 Medicare tax on net investment income). The cumulative amount that a domestic noncorporate taxpayer may deduct for any taxable year with respect to ordinary REIT dividends from all sources (together with certain other categories of income that are eligible for such 20 deduction) may not exceed 20 of such person s total taxable income (excluding any net capital gain). The income tax rate changes applicable to domestic noncorporate taxpayers and the 20 deduction for ordinary REIT dividends apply for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017 and before January 1, 2026. 
 The earnings of a REIT that are distributed to its stockholders generally remain subject to less federal income taxation than earnings of a non-REIT C corporation that are distributed to its stockholders net of corporate-level income tax. However, the lower rate of taxation to dividends paid by regular C corporations could cause domestic noncorporate investors to view the stock of regular C corporations as more attractive relative to the stock of a REIT, because the dividends from regular C corporations continue to be taxed at a lower rate while distributions from REITs (other than distributions designated as capital gain dividends) are generally taxed at the same rate as other ordinary income for domestic noncorporate taxpayers. 
 We Are Heavily Dependent on Computer Systems, Telecommunications and the Internet to Process Transactions, Summarize Results and Manage our Business. Security Breaches or a Failure of such Networks, Systems or Technology Could Adversely Impact Our Business and Customer Relationships. 
 We are heavily dependent upon automated information technology and Internet commerce, with many of our new customers coming from the Internet or the telephone, and the nature of our business involves the receipt and retention of personal information about them. We centrally manage significant components of our operations with our computer systems, including our financial information, and we also rely extensively on third-party vendors to retain data, process transactions and provide other systems services. These systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer worms, viruses and other destructive or disruptive security breaches and catastrophic events. 
 As a result, our operations could be severely impacted by a natural disaster, terrorist attack or other circumstance that resulted in a significant outage of our systems or those of our third-party providers, despite our use of back up and redundancy measures. Further, viruses and other related risks could negatively impact our information technology processes. We could also be subject to a cyber-attack or other data security breach which would penetrate our network security, resulting in misappropriation of our confidential information, including customer personal information. Although the Company has insurance for such events, system disruptions and shutdowns could also result in additional costs to repair or replace such networks or information systems and possible legal liability, including government enforcement actions and private litigation. In addition, our customers could lose confidence in our ability to protect their personal information, which could cause them to move out of rented storage spaces. Such events could lead to lost future sales and adversely affect our results of operations. 
 Item 1B. Unresolve d Staff Comments 
 None. 
 Item 2. Pr operties 
 At December 31, 2022, we held ownership interests in, leased, and/or managed a total of 1,198 Properties situated in 37 states and the District of Columbia. Among our 1,198 self-storage properties are 141 properties that we manage for unconsolidated joint ventures of which we have varying percentage ownership interests. For additional information regarding unconsolidated joint ventures, see Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements filed herewith. 
 16 
 
 Our Properties offer reasonably priced, easily accessible, enclosed storage space to residential and commercial users on a month-to-month basis. Most of our Properties are fenced and well lit with automated access systems and surveillance cameras. A majority of the Properties are single-story, thereby providing customers with the convenience of direct vehicle access to their storage spaces. Our Properties range in size from 17,000 to 194,000 net rentable square feet, with an average of approximately 74,000 net rentable square feet. The Properties generally are constructed of masonry or steel walls resting on concrete slabs and have standing seam metal, shingle, or tar and gravel roofs. Most Properties have a property manager on-site during business hours. Generally, customers have access to their storage space up to 15 hours a day, with 24-hour access in certain circumstances. Individual storage spaces are secured by a lock furnished by the customer to provide the customer with control of access to the space. 
 The following table provides certain information regarding the Properties in which we have an ownership interest, lease, and/or manage as of December 31, 2022: 

Number of Stores at December 31, 2022 

Square Feet 

Number of Spaces 

Percentage of Store Revenue 

Alabama 

31 

2,197,196 

17,495 

1.91 

Arizona 

55 

4,132,810 

38,756 

4.95 

Arkansas 

1 

84,965 

595 

0.07 

California 

52 

4,703,883 

42,774 

6.09 

Colorado 

16 

1,101,928 

9,650 

1.36 

Connecticut 

21 

1,580,793 

16,188 

2.32 

District of Columbia 

2 

225,055 

3,232 

0.01 

Florida 

167 

11,477,611 

113,447 

14.78 

Georgia 

78 

5,579,716 

49,437 

6.00 

Illinois 

48 

3,789,266 

37,300 

5.00 

Indiana 

3 

182,969 

1,833 

0.11 

Iowa 

2 

177,027 

1,901 

0.01 

Kansas 

1 

126,625 

1,133 

0.09 

Kentucky 

3 

196,022 

1,864 

0.18 

Louisiana 

59 

5,178,604 

45,445 

4.76 

Maine 

7 

426,198 

4,384 

0.60 

Maryland 

10 

533,662 

5,883 

0.67 

Massachusetts 

27 

1,556,901 

15,741 

1.83 

Michigan 

3 

209,450 

2,217 

0.14 

Minnesota 

4 

358,780 

3,450 

0.07 

Mississippi 

17 

1,380,426 

11,015 

1.16 

Missouri 

31 

2,381,556 

20,441 

2.13 

Nevada 

26 

1,995,240 

17,006 

2.72 

New Hampshire 

15 

1,092,037 

9,140 

1.29 

New Jersey 

47 

3,652,286 

36,840 

5.43 

New York 

88 

6,004,528 

76,104 

7.20 

North Carolina 

41 

2,718,936 

25,786 

2.70 

Ohio 

31 

2,162,153 

18,654 

2.25 

Oklahoma 

6 

403,210 

3,194 

0.23 

Oregon 

1 

35,356 

387 

0.05 

Pennsylvania 

19 

1,343,357 

13,037 

1.36 

Rhode Island 

6 

330,002 

3,212 

0.40 

South Carolina 

24 

1,597,092 

14,671 

1.78 

Tennessee 

15 

1,061,309 

9,610 

1.13 

Texas 

195 

14,766,311 

123,471 

15.66 

Virginia 

29 

2,237,424 

21,374 

2.20 

Washington 

9 

676,037 

6,803 

0.74 

Wisconsin 

8 

716,131 

6,796 

0.62 

Total 

1,198 

88,372,852 

830,266 

100.00 

At December 31, 2022, the Properties had an average occupancy of 84.9 , including the Company s wholly owned self-storage facilities which had an average occupancy of 90.6 . For the quarter ended December 31, 2022, the Properties had an annualized rent per occupied square foot of 19.20, including the Company s wholly owned self-storage facilities which had an annualized rent per occupied square foot of 19.39. 
 17 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 Although we are party to various legal proceedings, we believe that the likelihood of these contingencies resulting in a material loss to the Company, either individually or in the aggregate, is remote. 
 Item 4. Mine Saf ety Disclosures 
 Not Applicable 
 18 
 
 Par t II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stoc kholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Our Common Stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol LSI . As of February 16, 2023, there were approximately 459 holders of record of our Common Stock. These figures do not include common shares held by brokers and other institutions on behalf of shareholders. 
 We have paid quarterly dividends to our shareholders since our inception. 
 For federal income tax purposes, distributions to shareholders are treated as ordinary income, capital gain, return of capital or a combination thereof. Distributions to shareholders for 2022 represent 100 ordinary income. 
 
 On August 2, 2017, the Company s Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to 200 million of the Company s common stock. We have not made any repurchases under such program since 2017, and up to approximately 191.8 million of the Company s common stock may yet be purchased under such program. The program does not have an expiration date but may be suspended or discontinued at any time. 

19 
 
 EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION 
 The following table sets forth certain information as of December 31, 2022, with respect to equity compensation plans under which shares of the Company s Common Stock may be issued. 

Plan Category 
 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 

Weighted average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 

Number of securities remaining available for future issuance 

Equity compensation plans approved by shareholders: 

2015 Award and Option Plan (1) 

228,994 

71,337 

2009 Outside Directors Stock Option and Award Plan (2) 

19,500 

57.24 

2020 Outside Directors' Stock Award Plan 

125,041 

Deferred Compensation Plan for Directors (3) 

29,535 

N/A 

25,196 

Equity compensation plans not approved by shareholders: 
 
 N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

(1) Includes the actual number of shares issued in February 2023 related to performance-based awards issued on December 19, 2019 (50,884) and the maximum number of shares (178,110) that could be issued as part of the performance-based awards issued in 2020, 2021, and 2022. The actual number of shares to be issued as part of the performance-based awards issued in 2020, 2021 and 2022 will be determined at the end of the three-year performance periods in 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively. See Note 9 to our consolidated financial statements filed herewith. 

(2) The 2009 Outside Directors Stock Option and Award Plan expired on May 21, 2020 and was replaced by the 2020 Outside Directors Stock Award Plan. Therefore, no securities are available for future issuance under the 2009 Outside Directors Stock Option and Award Plan at December 31, 2022. 

(3) Under the Deferred Compensation Plan for Directors, non-employee Directors may defer all or part of their Directors fees that are otherwise payable in cash. Directors fees that are deferred under the Plan will be credited to each Directors account under the Plan in the form of Units. The number of Units credited is determined by dividing the amount of Directors fees deferred by the closing price of the Company s Common Stock on the New York Stock Exchange on the day immediately preceding the day upon which Directors fees otherwise would be paid by the Company. A Director is credited with additional Units for dividends on the shares of Common Stock represented by Units in such Directors account. A Director may elect to receive the shares in a lump sum on a date specified by the Director or in quarterly or annual installments over a specified period and commencing on a specified date. 

20 
 
 CORPORATE PERFORMANCE GRAPH 
 The following chart and line-graph presentation compares (i) the Company s shareholder return on an indexed basis since December 31, 2017 with (ii) the S P Stock Index and (iii) the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts (NAREIT) Equity Index. 

CUMULATIVE TOTAL SHAREHOLDER RETURN 
 LIFE STORAGE, INC. 
 DECEMBER 31, 2017 - DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Dec. 31, 2017 

Dec. 31, 2018 

Dec. 31, 2019 

Dec. 31, 2020 

Dec. 31, 2021 

Dec. 31, 2022 

S P 

100.00 

95.62 

125.72 

148.85 

191.58 

156.88 

NAREIT 

100.00 

95.38 

120.17 

110.56 

158.36 

119.78 

LSI 

100.00 

109.19 

132.41 

152.14 

366.57 

243.88 

The foregoing item assumes 100.00 invested on December 31, 2017, with dividends reinvested. 

21 
 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion and analysis of the consolidated financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes thereto included elsewhere in this report. We make statements in this section that are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. For a complete discussion of forward-looking statements, see the section in this Form 10-K entitled Forward Looking Statements. Certain risk factors may cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the following discussion. For a discussion of such risk factors, see the section in this Form 10-K entitled Risk Factors. Dollar amounts in thousands, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated. 
 Business and Overview 
 We believe we are the fourth largest operator of self-storage properties in the United States based on square feet owned and managed. All of our stores conduct business under the customer-friendly name Life Storage . 
 Operating Strategy 
 Our operating strategy is designed to generate growth and enhance value by: 
 a. Increasing operating performance and cash flow through aggressive management of our stores: 

We seek to differentiate our self-storage facilities from our competition through innovative marketing and value-added product offerings including: 

o Strategic and efficient Web and Mobile marketing that places Life Storage in front of customers in search engines at the right time for conversion; 

o Regional marketing which creates effective brand awareness in the cities where we do business; 

o Our Customer Care Center answers sales inquiries and makes reservations for all of our Properties on a centralized basis. Further, our call center and customer contact software was developed in-house and is 100 supported by our in-house experts; 

o Our Rent Now fully-digital rental platform allows customers to skip the counter by selecting a specific storage unit, completing the rental agreement and making their rental payment online; 

o Our dehumidification system provides our customers with a better environment to store their goods and improves yields on our Properties; 

Our customized computer applications link each of our primary sales channels (customer care center, web, and store) allowing for real time access to space type and inventory, pricing, promotions, and other pertinent store information. This also provides us with raw data on historical and current pricing, move-in and move-out activity, specials and occupancies, etc. This data is then used within the advanced pricing analytics programs employed by our revenue management team; 

All of our store employees receive a high level of training. New store associates are assigned a Certified Training Manager as a mentor during their initial training period. In addition, all employees have access to our online training and development portal for initial training as well as continuing education. Finally, we have a company intranet that acts as a communications portal for company policy and procedures, online ordering, incentive rankings, etc. 

b. Acquiring additional stores: 

Our objective is to acquire new stores in markets in which we currently operate. This is a proven strategy we have employed over the years as it facilitates our branding efforts, grows market share, and allows us to achieve improved economies of scale through shared advertising, payroll, and other services. 

We also look to enter new markets that are in the top 50 Metropolitan Statistical Areas (MSA) by acquiring established multi-property portfolios. With this strategy we are then able to seek out additional acquisition or third-party management opportunities to continue to grow market share and branding and enhance economies of scale. 

We primarily target stores with higher average rental rates per square foot than our overall portfolio to help improve operating margin. 

c. Expanding our management business: 

We see our management business as a source of future acquisitions. We hold a noncontrolling interest in multiple joint ventures which hold a total of 141 properties that we manage. In addition, we manage 299 self-storage facilities for which we have no ownership. We may enter into additional management agreements and develop additional joint ventures in the future. 

22 
 
 To broaden opportunities available, we have implemented a bridge lending program under which an unconsolidated joint venture of the Company provides financing to owners of operating properties that we manage. We anticipate that this program will help us increase our management business, create additional future acquisition opportunities, and strengthen our relationship with partners, all while providing interest and fee income. 

d. Expanding and enhancing our existing stores: 

Over the past five years we have undertaken a program of expanding and enhancing our Properties. In 2018, we added or converted to premium storage 390,000 square feet to existing Properties for a total cost of approximately 27.8 million; in 2019, we added or converted to premium storage 694,000 square feet to existing Properties for a total cost of approximately 58.1 million; in 2020, we added or converted to premium storage 522,000 square feet to existing Properties for a total cost of approximately 41.4 million; in 2021, we added or converted to premium storage 287,000 square feet to existing Properties for a total cost of approximately 23.5 million; and in 2022, we added or converted to premium storage 661,000 square feet to existing Properties for a total cost of approximately 55.7 million. 

Supply and Demand / Operating Trends 
 We believe the supply and demand model in the self-storage industry is micro-market specific in that a majority of our business comes from within a five-mile radius of our stores. The out-performance of the sector compared to other real estate asset classes has drawn new capital to self-storage. The self-storage industry experienced significant new competition in recent years and the Company expects modest growth in new supply at least through 2023. Despite the inflow of additional properties throughout the nation, we have seen capitalization rates on quality stabilized acquisitions in the top 50 major metropolitan markets (expected annual return on investment) range from approximately 4.0 to 5.5 . 
 We have experienced annual same store sales increases each year for the past 13 years, subsequent to the economic recession of 2009. We feel our recent performance further supports the notion that the self-storage industry holds up well regardless of the prevailing economic landscape. Our performance in 2022, 2021, and 2020 despite the effects of the COVID-19 global health crisis further supports this notion. 
 We believe the increase in same store move ins in 2022 when compared to 2021 was due to incremental demand linked to elevated levels of mobility, decluttering, and home buying. We believe the increase in same store move outs over the same period was a result of a return to and normalization of typical seasonal patterns. 

2022 

2021 

Change 

Same store move ins 

220,036 

213,018 

7,018 

Same store move outs 

225,569 

206,495 

19,074 

Difference 

(5,533) 

6,523 

(12,056) 

Although property tax increases were kept at moderate levels through assessment challenges in 2022, elevated property tax increases are expected in the coming years. We expect same store expense growth resulting from increases in health costs, property insurance, and property taxes in 2023 to be partially offset by operating efficiencies gained from leveraging technology. We believe the same store expense increases will be at manageable levels. 
 Subsequent Events 
 On February 5, 2023, Public Storage made public an unsolicited proposal to acquire the Company. On February 16, 2023, the Company issued a press release announcing that the Company's board of directors unanimously rejected the proposal. The Company has incurred legal and professional fees and other costs related to Public Storage's unsolicited proposal and expects to incur additional fees and other costs and charges in the future in connection with the proposal, which may be significant. 
 23 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the amounts reported in our financial statements and the accompanying notes. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and judgments, including those related to carrying values of storage facilities, bad debts, and contingencies and litigation. We base these estimates on experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. The following estimates are considered critical because they are particularly dependent on our judgment about matters that have a significant level of uncertainty at the time the accounting estimates are made, and changes to those estimates could have a material impact on our financial condition or operating results. 
 Assigning purchase price to assets acquired: Upon adoption of Accounting Standards Update 2017-01, most of our self-storage facility acquisitions, including all self-storage facility acquisitions in 2022 and 2021, do not meet the definition of business combinations and are therefore treated as asset acquisitions. As a result, the cost of acquired storage facilities is assigned primarily to land, land improvements, building, equipment, and in-place customer leases based on the relative fair values of these assets as of the date of acquisition. We use significant unobservable inputs in our determination of the fair values of these assets. The determination of these inputs involves judgments and estimates that can vary for each individual facility based on various factors specific to the facilities and the functional, economic and other factors affecting each facility. The fair values of the acquired facilities are determined using financial projections and applicable capitalization rates. To determine the fair value of land, we use prices per acre derived from observed transactions involving comparable land in similar locations. To determine the fair value of buildings, equipment and improvements, we use current replacement cost estimates based on information derived from construction industry data by geographic region as adjusted for age, condition, and turnkey factor, economic profit and economic obsolescence considerations associated with these assets. The fair values of in-place customer leases are based on the rent that would be lost due to the amount of time required to replace existing customers which is based on our historical experience with market demand and turnover in our facilities. 
 Qualification as a REIT: We operate, and intend to continue to operate, as a REIT under the Code, but no assurance can be given that we will at all times so qualify. To the extent that we continue to qualify as a REIT, we will not be taxed, with certain limited exceptions, on the taxable income that is distributed to our shareholders. If we fail to qualify as a REIT, any requirement to pay federal income taxes could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 2 to the financial statements. 
 YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 COMPARED TO YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 We recorded rental revenues of 917.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 226.3 million or 32.8 when compared to 2021 rental revenues of 690.8 million. Of the change in rental revenue, 97.9 million of the increase resulted from a 15.5 increase in rental revenues at the 576 core properties considered in same store sales (the Company will include stores in its same store pool in the second year after the stores achieve 80 sustained occupancy using market rates and incentives; therefore the 576 core properties considered in same store sales are those included in the consolidated results of operations since December 31, 2020, excluding stores not yet stabilized, eight stores significantly impacted by natural disasters, and three stores that the Company began to fully replace between 2017 and 2020). The increase in same store rental revenues was a result of an 16.7 increase in rental income per square foot, partially offset by a 140 basis point decrease in average occupancy. Also contributing to the overall increase in rental revenues was an increase of 128.4 million in rental revenues contributed by stores not included in the same store pool, primarily those acquired in 2022 and 2021. We recorded tenant reinsurance revenues of 73.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 15.7 million or 27.0 when compared to 2021 tenant reinsurance revenues of 58.1 million. The increase in tenant reinsurance revenues is primarily due to the increase in stores owned or managed in 2022. Other operating income, which includes merchandise sales, truck rentals, management fees and acquisition fees, increased by 7.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021 primarily as the result of increased management fees earned as a result of an increase in managed properties and increased merchandise sales. 
 Property operations and maintenance expenses increased 36.1 million or 25.1 in 2022 compared to 2021. The 576 core properties considered in the same store pool experienced a 6.5 million or 5.5 increase in such expenses primarily as the result of increased repairs and maintenance expenditures, payroll expenses, utilities, office related expenses, and internet marketing. The net activity of the stores not included in the same store pool also contributed 29.6 million to the overall increase in property operations and maintenance expenses. Tenant reinsurance expenses increased 6.4 million or 28.0 in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily as the result of the increase in stores owned or managed in 2022. Real estate tax expense increased 19.8 million or 24.9 in 2022 compared to 2021. The 576 core properties considered in the same store pool experienced a 3.8 million or 5.2 increase in real estate taxes which is reflective of a net increase in property tax levies on 
 24 
 
 those properties. In addition to the same store real estate tax expense increase, real estate taxes increased 16.0 million from the stores not included in the same store pool. 
 Our 2022 same store results consist of only those Properties that have been owned by the Company and included in our consolidated results since December 31, 2020, excluding stores not yet stabilized, eight stores significantly impacted by natural disasters, and three stores that the Company began to fully replace between 2017 and 2020. The impact of tenant reinsurance related items is excluded from same store results. We believe that same store results are meaningful measures to investors in evaluating our operating performance because, given the acquisitive nature of the industry, same store results provide information about the overall business after removing the results from those properties that were not consistent from year-to-year. Additionally, same store results are widely used in the real estate industry and the self-storage industry to measure performance. Same store results should be considered in addition to, but not as a substitute for, consolidated results in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ). 
 The following table sets forth operating data for our 576 same store properties. These results provide information relating to property operating changes without the effects of acquisitions. 
 Same Store Summary 

Year ended December 31, 

Percentage 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Change 

Same store rental income 

730,567 

632,664 

15.5 

Same store other operating income 

7,417 

7,923 

(6.4) 

Total same store operating income 

737,984 

640,587 

15.2 

Payroll and benefits 

41,981 

42,638 

(1.5) 

Real estate taxes 

77,129 

73,313 

5.2 

Utilities 

17,533 

15,978 

9.7 

Repairs and maintenance 

22,615 

19,910 

13.6 

Office and other operating expenses 

19,913 

18,294 

8.8 

Insurance 

7,109 

7,065 

0.6 

Advertising 

192 

230 

(16.5) 

Internet marketing 

16,361 

15,048 

8.7 

Total same store operating expenses 

202,833 

192,476 

5.4 

Same store net operating income 

535,151 

448,111 

19.4 

Net operating income increased 192.8 million or 35.6 as a result of a 19.4 increase in our same store net operating income along with an increase of 105.8 million primarily related to the Company s tenant insurance program, increased management fees, and the properties not included in the same store pool. 
 Net operating income or NOI is a non-GAAP financial measure that we define as total continuing revenues less continuing property operating expenses. NOI also can be calculated by adding back to net income: interest expense, impairment and casualty losses, operating lease expense, depreciation and amortization expense, any losses on sale of real estate, acquisition related costs, general and administrative expense, and deducting from net income: income from discontinued operations, interest income, any gains on sale of real estate, and equity in income of joint ventures. We believe that NOI is a meaningful measure to investors in evaluating our operating performance because we utilize NOI in making decisions with respect to capital allocations, in determining current property values, and in comparing period-to-period and market-to-market property operating results. Additionally, NOI is widely used in the real estate industry and the self-storage industry to measure the performance and value of real estate assets without regard to various items included in net income that do not relate to or are not indicative of operating performance, such as depreciation and amortization, which can vary depending on accounting methods and the book value of assets. NOI should be considered in addition to, but not as a substitute for, other measures of financial performance reported in accordance with GAAP, such as total revenues, operating income and net income. There are material limitations to using a measure such as NOI, including the difficulty associated with comparing results among more than one company and the inability to analyze certain significant items, including depreciation and interest expense, that directly affect our net income. We compensate for these limitations by considering the economic effect of the excluded expense items independently as well as in connection with our analysis of net income. 
 25 
 
 The following table reconciles our net income presented in the 2022 and 2021 consolidated financial statements to NOI generated by our self-storage facilities during those years. 

Year ended December 31, 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Net income 

366,462 

252,175 

General and administrative 

77,201 

62,617 

Depreciation and amortization 

192,902 

147,119 

Interest expense 

109,240 

86,786 

Interest and dividend income 

(32) 

(827) 

Gain on sale of investments in joint ventures 

(1,572) 

Equity in income of joint ventures 

(9,235) 

(5,696) 

Net operating income 

734,966 

542,174 

Net operating income: 

Same store 

535,151 

448,111 

Other stores, tenant reinsurance related income, management fee income, and gain on sale of non-real estate assets 

199,815 

94,063 

Total net operating income 

734,966 

542,174 

General and administrative expenses increased 14.6 million or 23.3 from 2021 to 2022. This increase was primarily driven by an increase in home office personnel related costs to support the growth in stores, write-offs of certain technology assets with no future use, and costs related to terminated acquisition activity. 
 Depreciation and amortization expense increased to 192.9 million in 2022 from 147.1 million in 2021 as a result of depreciation and amortization related to self-storage facilities acquired in 2022 and 2021. 
 Interest expense increased from 86.8 million in 2021 to 109.2 million in 2022 primarily as a result of increased outstanding debt balances in 2022 as compared to 2021 as well as rising interest rates on the Company's line of credit in 2022. 
 Equity in income of joint ventures increased from 5.7 million in 2021 to 9.2 million in 2022 primarily as a result of increased profits in 2022 as compared to 2021 from existing joint ventures as stores leased up and the full-year impact of joint ventures entered into during 2021. 
 The Company did not sell any properties in 2022 or 2021. 
 YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021 COMPARED TO YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020 
 We recorded rental revenues of 690.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 151.2 million or 28.0 when compared to 2020 rental revenues of 539.6 million. Of the change in rental revenue, 72.2 million of the increase resulted from a 14.3 increase in rental revenues at the 531 core properties considered in same store sales (the Company will include stores in its same store pool in the second year after the stores achieve 80 sustained occupancy using market rates and incentives; therefore the 531 core properties considered in same store sales are those included in the consolidated results of operations since December 31, 2019, excluding stores not yet stabilized, four stores significantly impacted by natural disasters, and two stores that the Company began to fully replace in 2017). The increase in same store rental revenues was a result of a 290 basis point increase in average occupancy coupled with a 9.8 increase in rental income per square foot. Also contributing to the overall increase in rental revenues was an increase of 79.0 million in rental revenues contributed by stores not included in the same store pool, primarily those acquired in 2021 and 2020. We recorded tenant reinsurance revenues of 58.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 13.4 million or 29.9 when compared to 2020 tenant reinsurance revenues of 44.7 million. The increase in tenant reinsurance revenues is primarily due to the increase in stores owned or managed in 2021. Other operating income, which includes merchandise sales, truck rentals, management fees and acquisition fees, increased by 7.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 2020 primarily as the result of increased acquisition fees, increased management fees earned as a result of an increase in managed properties and increased revenues from the Company's Warehouse Anywhere third-party logistics and warehousing solution. 
 Property operations and maintenance expenses increased 21.1 million or 17.2 in 2021 compared to 2020. The 531 core properties considered in the same store pool experienced a 3.7 million or 3.5 increase in such expenses primarily as the result of increased repairs and maintenance expenditures and office related expenses. The net activity of the stores not included in the same store pool also contributed 17.4 million to the overall increase in property operations and maintenance expenses. Tenant reinsurance expenses increased 7.2 million or 45.5 in 2021 compared to 2020 primarily as the result of the increase in stores owned or managed in 2021. Real estate tax expense increased 9.6 million or 13.6 in 2021 compared to 2020. The 531 core properties considered in the same store pool experienced a 2.2 million or 3.4 increase in real estate taxes which is reflective of a net increase in property tax levies on those properties. In addition to the same store real estate tax expense increase, real estate taxes increased 7.3 million from the stores not included in the same store pool. 
 26 
 
 Our 2021 same store results consist of only those Properties that have been owned by the Company and included in our consolidated results since December 31, 2019, excluding stores not yet stabilized, four stores significantly impacted by natural disasters, and two stores that the Company began to fully replace in 2017. The impact of tenant reinsurance related items is excluded from same store results. 
 The following table sets forth operating data for our 531 same store properties. These results provide information relating to property operating changes without the effects of acquisitions. 
 Same Store Summary 

Year ended December 31, 

Percentage 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 2021 

2020 

Change 

Same store rental income 

578,658 

506,469 

14.3 

Same store other operating income 

6,893 

6,519 

5.7 

Total same store operating income 

585,551 

512,988 

14.1 

Payroll and benefits 

38,900 

38,995 

(0.2) 

Real estate taxes 

67,142 

64,918 

3.4 

Utilities 

14,654 

14,273 

2.7 

Repairs and maintenance 

18,259 

16,098 

13.4 

Office and other operating expenses 

16,680 

15,397 

8.3 

Insurance 

6,374 

6,151 

3.6 

Advertising 

212 

241 

(12.0) 

Internet marketing 

13,871 

14,069 

(1.4) 

Total same store operating expenses 

176,092 

170,142 

3.5 

Same store net operating income 

409,459 

342,846 

19.4 

Net operating income increased 134.0 million or 32.8 as a result of a 19.4 increase in our same store net operating income along with an increase of 67.4 million primarily related to the Company s tenant insurance program, increased management fees, and the properties not included in the same store pool. 
 The following table reconciles our net income presented in the 2021 and 2020 consolidated financial statements to NOI generated by our self-storage facilities during those years. 

Year ended December 31, 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 2021 

2020 

Net income 

252,175 

152,360 

General and administrative 

62,617 

52,055 

Depreciation and amortization 

147,119 

122,925 

Gain on sale of real estate 

(302) 

Interest expense 

86,786 

86,015 

Interest income 

(827) 

(19) 

Equity in income of joint ventures 

(5,696) 

(4,838) 

Net operating income 

542,174 

408,196 

Net operating income: 

Same store 

409,459 

342,846 

Other stores, tenant reinsurance related income, management fee income, and gain on sale of non-real estate assets 

132,715 

65,350 

Total net operating income 

542,174 

408,196 

General and administrative expenses increased 10.6 million or 20.3 from 2020 to 2021. This increase was primarily driven by an increase in home office personnel related costs to support the growth in stores and increased investments in technology. 
 Depreciation and amortization expense increased to 147.1 million in 2021 from 122.9 million in 2020 as a result of depreciation and amortization related to self-storage facilities acquired in 2021 and 2020. 
 27 
 
 Interest expense increased from 86.0 million in 2020 to 86.8 million in 2021 primarily as a result of increased outstanding debt balances in 2021 as compared to 2020, partially offset by a make whole payment of 4.0 million made in 2020 as part of the early repayment of 100 million of term notes. 
 The Company did not sell any properties in 2021 or 2020. 
 FUNDS FROM OPERATIONS 
 We believe that Funds from Operations FFO provides relevant and meaningful information about our operating performance that is necessary, along with net earnings and cash flows, for an understanding of our operating results. FFO adds back historical cost depreciation, which assumes the value of real estate assets diminishes predictably in the future. In fact, real estate asset values increase or decrease with market conditions. Consequently, we believe FFO is a useful supplemental measure in evaluating our operating performance by disregarding (or adding back) historical cost depreciation. 
 FFO is defined by the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts, Inc. NAREIT as net income available to common shareholders computed in accordance with GAAP, excluding gains or losses on sales of properties, plus impairment of real estate assets, plus depreciation and amortization and after adjustments to record unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures on the same basis. We believe that to further understand our performance FFO should be compared with our reported net income and cash flows in accordance with GAAP, as presented in our consolidated financial statements. 
 Our computation of FFO may not be comparable to FFO reported by other REITs or real estate companies that do not define the term in accordance with the current NAREIT definition or that interpret the current NAREIT definition differently. FFO does not represent cash generated from operating activities determined in accordance with GAAP, and should not be considered as an alternative to net income (determined in accordance with GAAP) as an indication of our performance, as an alternative to net cash flows from operating activities (determined in accordance with GAAP) as a measure of our liquidity, or as an indicator of our ability to make cash distributions. 
 Reconciliation of Net Income to Funds From Operations 

For Year Ended December 31, 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

Net income attributable to common shareholders 

358,128 

249,317 

151,571 

258,699 

206,590 

Net income attributable to noncontrolling common interests in the Operating Partnership 

4,331 

1,364 

789 

1,378 

968 

Net income attributable to noncontrolling preferred interests in the Operating Partnership during conversion period 

1,998 

Depreciation of real estate and amortization of intangible assets exclusive of debt issuance costs 

190,962 

144,978 

120,512 

105,107 

100,528 

Depreciation and amortization from unconsolidated joint ventures 

8,956 

6,227 

5,814 

6,195 

5,107 

Gain on sale of storage facilities 

(104,353) 

(56,398) 

Gain on sale of investments in joint ventures 

(1,572) 

Funds from operations allocable to noncontrolling interest in the Operating Partnership 

(6,718) 

(2,177) 

(1,443) 

(1,417) 

(1,197) 

Funds from operations available to common shareholders 

556,085 

399,709 

277,243 

265,609 

255,598 

28 
 
 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 Our line of credit and term notes require us to meet certain financial covenants measured on a quarterly basis, including prescribed leverage, fixed charge coverage, minimum net worth, limitations on additional indebtedness, and limitations on dividend payouts. At December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all debt covenants. In the event that the Company violates its debt covenants in the future, the amounts due under the agreements could be callable by the lenders and could adversely affect our credit rating requiring us to pay higher interest and other debt-related costs. We believe that if operating results remain consistent with historical levels and levels of other debt and liabilities remain consistent with amounts outstanding at December 31, 2022, the entire availability under our line of credit could be drawn without violating our debt covenants. 
 Our ability to retain cash flow is limited because we operate as a REIT. To maintain our REIT status, a substantial portion of our operating cash flow must be used to pay dividends to our shareholders. We believe that our internally generated net cash provided by operating activities and the availability on our line of credit will be sufficient to fund ongoing operations, capital improvements, dividends and debt service requirements. 
 Cash flows from operating activities were 586.9 million, 433.9 million, and 299.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. The increases in operating cash flows from 2021 to 2022 and from 2020 to 2021 were primarily due to an increase in net income as adjusted for non-cash depreciation and amortization expenses and other non-cash items during these periods. 
 Cash used in investing activities was 1,140.2 million, 1,680.7 million, and 576.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. The decrease in cash used in investing activities from 2021 to 2022 was primarily the result of a decrease in self-storage facility acquisition activity, increased proceeds from the sale of non-real estate assets in 2022, and a decrease in property deposits paid during the year, partially offset by an increase in improvements, equipment additions, and construction in progress in 2022 and a decrease in return of investment in unconsolidated joint ventures. The increase in cash used in investing activities from 2020 to 2021 was the result of an increase in self-storage facility acquisition activity, increased capital spending, and an increase in the Company's investment in unconsolidated joint ventures, partially offset by an increase in return of investment in unconsolidated joint ventures. 
 Cash provided by financing activities was 406.4 million, 1,364.5 million, and 314.2 million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. The decrease in cash provided by financing activities from 2021 to 2022 was primarily the result of a decrease in sales of shares of common stock under the Company's continuous equity offering programs during 2022, a decrease in proceeds from term notes resulting from 600 million of senior notes issued in 2021 as compared to no notes issued in 2022, and an increase in dividends paid in 2022 as compared to 2021, partially offset by an increase in net proceeds from the line of credit. The increase in cash provided by finance activities from 2020 to 2021 was primarily the result of the Company's issuance of 2,875,000 shares of common stock through a public equity offering in 2021 resulting in net proceeds of 348.8 million, an increase in sales of shares of common stock under the Company's continuous equity offering programs during 2021, and an increase in proceeds from term notes resulting from 600 million of senior notes issued in 2021 as compared to 400 million of senior notes issued in 2020, partially offset by an increase in dividends paid. Also contributing to this increase is a reduction in the net repayment of the Company's line of credit in 2021 as compared to 2020. 
 For the years 2020, 2021 and 2022, see Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements for details of the Company s unsecured line of credit and term note activity, Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements for the Company s mortgage activity and related details, and Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements for the Company s equity activity. Also, see Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements for details of the activity in debt held by unconsolidated joint ventures of the Company. The debt held by these unconsolidated joint ventures is secured by the real estate owned by these entities and is nonrecourse to the Company. 
 Our line of credit facility and term notes have an investment grade rating from Standard and Poor s (BBB) and Moody s (Baa2). 
 We expect to fund operating expenses, future acquisitions, our expansion and enhancement program, share repurchases, if any, and any other cash requirements with future cash flows from operations, draws on our line of credit, issuance of common and/or preferred stock, the issuance of unsecured term notes, sale of properties, and private placement solicitation of joint venture equity. Should the capital markets deteriorate, we may have to curtail acquisitions, our expansion and enhancement program, and/or any share repurchases. 
 29 
 
 PENDING OBLIGATIONS 
 The following table summarized our pending obligations: 

Payments due by period (in thousands) 

Contractual obligations 
 
 Total 

2023 

2024-2025 

2026-2027 

2028 and thereafter 

Line of credit 

595,000 

595,000 

Term notes 

2,775,000 

175,000 

1,050,000 

1,550,000 

Mortgages payable 

36,258 

7,528 

28,623 

107 

Interest payments 

633,089 

125,219 

234,919 

169,269 

103,682 

Land leases 

9,296 

741 

1,487 

1,488 

5,580 

Expansion and enhancement contracts 

33,435 

33,435 

Building leases 

15,313 

2,301 

4,257 

4,277 

4,478 

Retail space rent 

6,666 

6,666 

Self-storage facility acquisitions 

73,800 

73,800 

Contribution to joint venture for acquisition under contract 

4,500 

4,500 

Total 

4,182,357 

254,190 

444,286 

1,820,141 

1,663,740 

Interest payments include actual interest on fixed rate debt. 
 ACQUISITION OF PROPERTIES 
 In 2022, we acquired 49 self-storage facilities comprising 3.8 million square feet in Arizona (7), California (8), Florida (7), Georgia (2), Illinois (1), Maryland (1), Massachusetts (2), Minnesota (1), Missouri (5), Nevada (1), New York (3), North Carolina (5), South Carolina (1), and Texas (5), for a total purchase price of 974.0 million. As discussed further in Note 4, the Company held an 85.8 ownership interest in one of the properties acquired prior to the acquisition of the remaining 14.2 ownership interest in the second quarter of 2022. Additionally, as discussed further in Note 4, during the third quarter of 2022, the Company purchased an 83 ownership interest in a self-storage facility in New York from an unrelated joint venture partner that has been consolidated in the Company's financial statements. Additionally, nine of these facilities were managed by the Company for a third-party prior to acquisition. Based on the trailing financial information of the entities from which the properties were acquired, the weighted average capitalization rate for these acquisitions was 3.2 . 
 In 2021, we acquired 112 self-storage facilities comprising 7.9 million square feet in Alabama (7), Arizona (4), California (1), Colorado (3), Connecticut (6), Florida (31), Georgia (16), Illinois (4), Kentucky (1), Maine (1), New Hampshire (4), New Jersey (5), New York (1), North Carolina (6), Ohio (1), Oklahoma (2), South Carolina (5), Tennessee (1), Texas (10), Virginia (1), and Washington (2) for a total purchase price of 1,696.3 million, which is net of the Company's equity in profit from the acquisitions of the New York store and three Georgia facilities purchased from unconsolidated joint ventures. Additionally, 27 of these facilities were managed by the Company for a third-party prior to acquisition. Based on the trailing financial information of the entities from which the properties were acquired, the weighted average capitalization rate for these acquisitions was 3.6 . 
 In 2020 we acquired 40 self-storage facilities comprising 3.1 million square feet in California (8), Florida (6), Georgia (1), Missouri (1), New Jersey (7), New York (1), Ohio (6), Pennsylvania (4), South Carolina (1), and Texas (5) for a total purchase price of 532.6 million. One of these acquired facilities resulted from the Company acquiring the remaining 15 of a joint venture. Additionally, two of these facilities were managed by the Company for a third-party prior to acquisition. Based on the trailing financial information of the entities from which the properties were acquired, the weighted average capitalization rate for these acquisitions was 5.0 . 
 FUTURE ACQUISITION AND DEVELOPMENT PLANS 
 Our external growth strategy is to increase the number of facilities we own by acquiring suitable facilities in markets in which we already have operations, or to expand into new markets by acquiring several facilities at once in those new markets. We are actively pursuing acquisitions in 2023 and at December 31, 2022 we were under contract to acquire four self-storage facilities for an aggregate purchase price of 70.8 million. The purchases of these self-storage facilities under contract are subject to customary conditions to closing, and there is no assurance that these facilities will be acquired. 
 In 2022, we added or converted to premium storage 661,000 square feet to existing Properties for a total cost of approximately 55.7 million. Although we do not expect to construct any new facilities in 2023, we do plan to complete 50 million to 65 million in expansions and enhancements to existing facilities of which 33.9 million was paid as of December 31, 2022. 
 In 2022, the Company spent approximately 45.9 million for recurring capitalized expenditures including roofing, paving, and office renovations. We expect to spend 30 million to 35 million in 2023 on similar capital expenditures. 
 30 
 
 DISPOSITION OF PROPERTIES 
 The Company did not sell or otherwise dispose of any properties during 2022, 2021, or 2020. 
 As part of our ongoing strategy to improve overall operating efficiencies and portfolio quality, we may seek to sell certain Properties to third-parties or joint venture partners in 2023. 
 REIT QUALIFICATION AND DISTRIBUTION REQUIREMENTS 
 As a REIT, we are not required to pay federal income tax on income that we distribute to our shareholders, provided that we satisfy certain requirements, including distributing at least 90 of our REIT taxable income for a taxable year. These distributions must be made in the year to which they relate, or in the following year if declared before we file our federal income tax return, and if they are paid not later than the date of the first regular dividend of the following year. 
 As a REIT, we must derive at least 95 of our total gross income from income related to real property, interest and dividends. In 2022, our percentage of revenue from such sources was approximately 97 , thereby passing the 95 test, and no special measures are expected to be required to enable us to maintain our REIT designation. Although we currently intend to operate in a manner designed to qualify as a REIT, it is possible that future economic, market, legal, tax or other considerations may cause our Board of Directors to revoke our REIT election. 
 INTEREST RATE RISK 
 The primary market risk to which we believe we are exposed is interest rate risk, which may result from many factors, including government monetary and tax policies, domestic and international economic and political considerations, and other factors that are beyond our control. 
 Based on our outstanding unsecured floating rate debt of 595 million at December 31, 2022, a 100 basis point increase in interest rates would have a 6.0 million effect on our annual interest expense. This amount was determined by considering the impact of the hypothetical interest rates on our borrowing cost on December 31, 2022. This analysis does not consider the effects of the reduced level of overall economic activity that could exist in such an environment. Further, in the event of a change of such magnitude, we would consider taking actions to further mitigate our exposure to the change. However, due to the uncertainty of the specific actions that would be taken and their possible effects, the sensitivity analysis assumes no changes in our capital structure. 
 INFLATION 
 We do not believe that inflation has had or will have a direct effect on our operations. Substantially all of the leases at the facilities are on a month-to-month basis which provides us with the opportunity to increase rental rates in a timely manner in response to any potential future inflationary pressures. 
 SEASONALITY 
 Our revenues typically have been higher in the third and fourth quarters, primarily because self-storage facilities tend to experience greater occupancy during the late spring, summer and early fall months due to the greater incidence of residential moves and college student activity during these periods. However, we believe that our customer mix, diverse geographic locations, rental structure and expense structure provide adequate protection against undue fluctuations in cash flows and net revenues during off-peak seasons. Thus, we do not expect seasonality to materially affect distributions to shareholders. 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitat ive Disclosures About Market Risk 
 The information required is incorporated by reference to the information appearing under the caption Interest Rate Risk in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations above. 
 Item 8. Financial Statemen ts and Supplementary Data 
 31 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Life Storage, Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Life Storage, Inc. (the Parent Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, shareholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a)(2) (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Parent Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Parent Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated February 24, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Parent Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Parent Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Parent Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

Accounting for the Acquisition of Storage Facilities 

Description of the Matter 
 
 As described in Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements, during the year ended December 31, 2022, the Parent Company acquired 50 storage facilities for an aggregate purchase price of 1 billion. The transactions were accounted for as asset acquisitions and the purchase price was allocated to the assets acquired based on their relative fair value. Auditing the Parent Company s accounting for its storage facility acquisitions in 2022 involved a high degree of subjectivity due to the significant estimation required to determine the fair values of the acquired land and buildings. In particular, the fair value estimates were sensitive to assumptions such as prices per acre and current replacement cost estimates, including adjustments for the age, condition, turnkey factor, economic profit, and economic obsolescence associated with the acquired facilities. 

32 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
 
 We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design, and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Parent Company s storage facility acquisition process. This included testing controls over management s evaluation of the significant assumptions used to determine the fair values of the assets acquired. For the 2022 acquisitions of storage facilities described above, our audit procedures included, among others, evaluating the Parent Company s valuation methodologies and testing the significant assumptions used to determine the fair value of the assets acquired. We tested the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data by, among other things, recalculating the current replacement cost of buildings and comparing the adjustments for the age, condition, turnkey factor, economic profit, and economic obsolescence associated with the acquired assets to industry publications on a test basis. We also compared significant assumptions, including prices per acre, to third-party sources such as recent land sales. For certain of these asset acquisitions, we involved our valuation specialists to assist in the assessment of the methodology utilized by the Parent Company, in addition to performing corroborative analyses to assess whether the conclusions in the valuation were supported by observable market data. For example, our valuation specialists used independently identified data sources to evaluate management's selected comparable land sales, replacement cost assumptions and the fair value of individual storage facilities acquired in portfolio acquisitions. 

/s/ 
 
 We have served as the Parent Company s auditor since 1994. 

February 24, 2023 
 
 33 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Partners and the Board of Directors of Life Storage LP 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Life Storage LP (the Operating Partnership) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, partners capital and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a)(2) (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Operating Partnership at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Operating Partnership s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated February 24, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Operating Partnership s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Operating Partnership s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Operating Partnership in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

Accounting for the Acquisition of Storage Facilities 

Description of the Matter 
 
 As described in Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements, during the year ended December 31, 2022, the Operating Partnership acquired 50 storage facilities for an aggregate purchase price of 1 billion. The transactions were accounted for as asset acquisitions and the purchase price was allocated to the assets acquired based on their relative fair value. Auditing the Operating Partnership s accounting for its storage facility acquisitions in 2022 involved a high degree of subjectivity due to the significant estimation required to determine the fair values of the acquired land and buildings. In particular, the fair value estimates were sensitive to assumptions such as prices per acre and current replacement cost estimates, including adjustments for the age, condition, turnkey factor, economic profit, and economic obsolescence associated with the acquired facilities. 

34 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
 
 We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design, and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Operating Partnership s storage facility acquisition process. This included testing controls over management s evaluation of the significant assumptions used to determine the fair values of the assets acquired. For the 2022 acquisitions of storage facilities described above, our audit procedures included, among others, evaluating the Operating Partnership s valuation methodologies and testing the significant assumptions used to determine the fair value of the assets acquired. We tested the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data by, among other things, recalculating the current replacement cost of buildings and comparing the adjustments for the age, condition, turnkey factor, economic profit, and economic obsolescence associated with the acquired assets to industry publications on a test basis. We also compared significant assumptions, including prices per acre, to third-party sources such as recent land sales. For certain of these asset acquisitions, we involved our valuation specialists to assist in the assessment of the methodology utilized by the Operating Partnership, in addition to performing corroborative analyses to assess whether the conclusions in the valuation were supported by observable market data. For example, our valuation specialists used independently identified data sources to evaluate management's selected comparable land sales, replacement cost assumptions and the fair value of individual storage facilities acquired in portfolio acquisitions. 

/s/ 
 
 We have served as the Operating Partnership s auditor since 2016. 

February 24, 2023 
 
 35 
 
 LIFE STORAGE, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 

(dollars in thousands, except share data) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Assets 

Investment in storage facilities: 

Land 

Building, equipment, and construction in progress 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

() 

() 

Investment in storage facilities, net 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable 

Receivable from unconsolidated joint ventures 

Investment in unconsolidated joint ventures 

Prepaid expenses 

Trade name 

Other assets 

Total Assets 

Liabilities 

Line of credit 

Term notes, net 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Deferred revenue 

Mortgages payable 

Total Liabilities 

Noncontrolling redeemable Preferred Operating Partnership Units at redemption value 

Noncontrolling redeemable Common Operating Partnership Units (see Note 2) 

Shareholders Equity 

Common stock par value, shares authorized, shares outstanding at December 31, 2022 at December 31, 2021) 

Additional paid-in capital 

Dividends in excess of net income 

() 

() 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Total Shareholders Equity 

Noncontrolling interest in consolidated subsidiary 

Total Equity 

Total Liabilities and Equity 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 36 
 
 LIFE STORAGE, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Year Ended December 31, 

(dollars in thousands, except per share data) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Revenues 

Rental income 

Tenant reinsurance 

Other operating income 

Total operating revenues 

Expenses 

Property operations and maintenance 

Tenant reinsurance 

Real estate taxes 

General and administrative 

Depreciation and amortization 

Total operating expenses 

Gain on sale of non-real estate assets 

Gain on sale of real estate 

Income from operations 

Other income (expenses) 

Interest expense 

() 

() 

() 

Interest income 

Gain on sale of investments in joint ventures 

Equity in income of joint ventures 

Net income 

Net income attributable to noncontrolling preferred interests in the Operating Partnership 

() 

() 

Net income attributable to noncontrolling common interests in the Operating Partnership 

() 

() 

() 

Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests in consolidated subsidiary 

() 

Net income attributable to common shareholders 

Earnings per common share attributable to common shareholders - basic 

Earnings per common share attributable to common shareholders - diluted 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 37 
 
 LIFE STORAGE, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

Year Ended December 31, 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Net income 

Other comprehensive income: 

Effective portion of gain on derivatives net of reclassification to interest expense 

Total comprehensive income 

Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests in the Operating Partnership 

() 

() 

() 

Comprehensive income attributable to common shareholders 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 38 
 
 LIFE STORAGE, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

(dollars in thousands, except share data) 
 
 Common Stock Shares 

Common Stock 

Additional Paid-in Capital 

Dividends in Excess of Net Income 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) (AOCL) 

Total Shareholders Equity 

Balance January 1, 2020 

() 

() 

Net proceeds from issuance of common stock 

Issuance of non-vested stock 

() 

Forfeiture of non-vested stock 

() 

Earned portion of non-vested stock 

Carrying value less than redemption value on redeemed noncontrolling interest 

() 

() 

Adjustment to redemption value of noncontrolling redeemable Operating Partnership Units 

() 

() 

Purchases of equity in consolidated subsidiary from noncontrolling interests 

() 

() 

Net income attributable to common shareholders 

Amortization of terminated hedge included in AOCL 

Dividends 

() 

() 

Balance December 31, 2020 

() 

() 

Net proceeds from issuance of common stock 

Issuance of non-vested stock 

() 

Earned portion of non-vested stock 

Stock dividend 

() 

() 

Carrying value less than redemption value on redeemed noncontrolling interest 

() 

() 

Adjustment to redemption value of noncontrolling redeemable Operating Partnership Units 

() 

() 

Deferred compensation - Directors 

Net income attributable to common shareholders 

Amortization of terminated hedge included in AOCL 

Dividends 

() 

() 

Balance December 31, 2021 

() 

() 

Net proceeds from issuance of common stock 

Exercise of stock options 

Issuance of non-vested stock 

() 

Forfeiture of non-vested stock 

() 

() 

Earned portion of non-vested stock 

Carrying value less than redemption value on redeemed noncontrolling interest 

() 

() 

Adjustment to redemption value of noncontrolling redeemable Operating Partnership Units 

Deferred compensation - Directors 

Net income attributable to common shareholders 

Amortization of terminated hedge included in AOCL 

Dividends 

() 

() 

Balance December 31, 2022 

() 

() 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 39 
 
 LIFE STORAGE, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year Ended December 31, 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Operating Activities 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Amortization of debt issuance costs and bond discount 

Gain on sale of real estate 

() 

Equity in income of joint ventures 

() 

() 

() 

Distributions from unconsolidated joint ventures 

Non-vested stock earned 

Other 

() 

() 

Changes in assets and liabilities (excluding the effects of acquisitions): 

Accounts receivable 

() 

() 

() 

Prepaid expenses 

() 

() 

() 

(Advances to) receipts from joint ventures 

() 

() 

Accounts payable and other liabilities 

Deferred revenue 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Investing Activities 

Acquisition of storage facilities, net of cash and restricted cash acquired 

() 

() 

() 

Improvements, equipment additions, and construction in progress 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from sale of non-real estate assets 

Return of investment in unconsolidated joint ventures 

Gain on sale of investments in unconsolidated joint ventures 

Investment in unconsolidated joint ventures 

() 

() 

() 

Loans to unconsolidated joint ventures 

() 

Loan payments received from unconsolidated joint ventures 

Property deposits 

() 

() 

Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

() 

() 

Financing Activities 

Net proceeds from sale of common stock 

Proceeds from line of credit 

Repayment of line of credit 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from term notes, net of discount 

Repayment of term notes 

() 

Debt issuance costs 

() 

() 

() 

Dividends paid - common stock 

() 

() 

() 

Distributions to noncontrolling interest holders 

() 

() 

() 

Payments to acquire equity in consolidated subsidiary from noncontrolling interests 

() 

Redemption of operating partnership units 

() 

() 

() 

Mortgage principal payments 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase in cash and restricted cash 

() 

Cash and restricted cash at beginning of period 

Cash and restricted cash at end of period 

Supplemental cash flow information 

Cash paid for interest, net of interest capitalized 

Cash paid for income taxes, net of refunds 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 40 
 
 LIFE STORAGE LP 
 CONSOLIDATED B ALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 

(dollars in thousands, except unit data) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Assets 

Investment in storage facilities: 

Land 

Building, equipment, and construction in progress 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

() 

() 

Investment in storage facilities, net 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable 

Receivable from unconsolidated joint ventures 

Investment in unconsolidated joint ventures 

Prepaid expenses 

Trade name 

Other assets 

Total Assets 

Liabilities 

Line of credit 

Term notes, net 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Deferred revenue 

Mortgages payable 

Total Liabilities 

Limited partners preferred redeemable capital interest at redemption value and units outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively) 

Limited partners common redeemable capital interest (see Note 2) and units outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively) 

Partners Capital 

General partner and units outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively) 

Limited partner and units outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively) 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Total Controlling Partners Capital 

Noncontrolling interest in consolidated subsidiary 

Total Partners' Capital 

Total Liabilities and Partners Capital 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 41 
 
 LIFE STORAGE LP 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Year Ended December 31, 

(dollars in thousands, except per unit data) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Revenues 

Rental income 

Tenant reinsurance 

Other operating income 

Total operating revenues 

Expenses 

Property operations and maintenance 

Tenant reinsurance 

Real estate taxes 

General and administrative 

Depreciation and amortization 

Total operating expenses 

Gain on sale of non-real estate assets 

Gain on sale of real estate 

Income from operations 

Other income (expenses) 

Interest expense 

() 

() 

() 

Interest income 

Gain on sale of investments in joint ventures 

Equity in income of joint ventures 

Net income 

Net income attributable to noncontrolling preferred interests in the Operating Partnership 

() 

() 

Net income attributable to noncontrolling common interests in the Operating Partnership 

() 

() 

() 

Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests in consolidated subsidiary 

() 

Net income attributable to common unitholders 

Earnings per common unit attributable to common unitholders - basic 

Earnings per common unit attributable to common unitholders - diluted 

Net income attributable to general partner 

Net income attributable to limited partners 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 42 
 
 LIFE STORAGE LP 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

Year Ended December 31, 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Net income 

Other comprehensive income: 

Effective portion of gain on derivatives net of reclassification to interest expense 

Total comprehensive income 

Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests in the Operating Partnership 

() 

() 

() 

Comprehensive income attributable to common unitholders 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 43 
 
 LIFE STORAGE LP 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT S OF PARTNERS CAPITAL 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 Life Storage Holdings, Inc. General Partner 

Life Storage, Inc. Limited Partner 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

Total Controlling Partners Capital 

Balance January 1, 2020 

() 

Net proceeds from issuance of Operating Partnership Units 

Issuance of non-vested stock 

Forfeiture of non-vested stock 

Earned portion of non-vested stock 

Carrying value less than redemption value on redeemed noncontrolling interest 

() 

() 

() 

Adjustment to redemption value of noncontrolling redeemable Operating Partnership Units 

() 

() 

Purchases of equity in consolidated subsidiary from noncontrolling interests 

() 

() 

() 

Net income attributable to common unitholders 

Amortization of terminated hedge included in AOCL 

() 

Distributions 

() 

() 

() 

Balance December 31, 2020 

() 

Net proceeds from issuance of Operating Partnership Units 

Issuance of non-vested stock 

Earned portion of non-vested stock 

Issuance of common Operating Partnership Units 

() 

Issuance of preferred Operating Partnership Units 

() 

Carrying value less than redemption value on redeemed noncontrolling interest 

() 

() 

() 

Adjustment to redemption value of noncontrolling redeemable Operating Partnership Units 

() 

() 

Deferred compensation - Directors 

Net income attributable to common unitholders 

Amortization of terminated hedge included in AOCL 

() 

Distributions 

() 

() 

() 

Balance December 31, 2021 

() 

Net proceeds from issuance of Operating Partnership Units 

Exercise of stock options 

Issuance of non-vested stock 

Forfeiture of non-vested stock 

Earned portion of non-vested stock 

Issuance of common Operating Partnership Units 

() 

Carrying value less than redemption value on redeemed noncontrolling interest 

() 

() 

() 

Adjustment to redemption value of noncontrolling redeemable Operating Partnership Units 

Deferred compensation - Directors 

Net income attributable to common unitholders 

Amortization of terminated hedge included in AOCL 

() 

Distributions 

() 

() 

() 

Balance December 31, 2022 

() 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 44 
 
 LIFE STORAGE LP 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEM ENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year Ended December 31, 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Operating Activities 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Amortization of debt issuance costs and bond discount 

Gain on sale of real estate 

() 

Equity in income of joint ventures 

() 

() 

() 

Distributions from unconsolidated joint ventures 

Non-vested stock earned 

Other 

() 

() 

Changes in assets and liabilities (excluding the effects of acquisitions): 

Accounts receivable 

() 

() 

() 

Prepaid expenses 

() 

() 

() 

(Advances to) receipts from joint ventures 

() 

() 

Accounts payable and other liabilities 

Deferred revenue 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Investing Activities 

Acquisition of storage facilities, net of cash and restricted cash acquired 

() 

() 

() 

Improvements, equipment additions, and construction in progress 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from sale of non-real estate assets 

Return of investment in unconsolidated joint ventures 

Gain on sale of investments in unconsolidated joint ventures 

Investment in unconsolidated joint ventures 

() 

() 

() 

Loans to unconsolidated joint ventures 

() 

Loan payments received from unconsolidated joint ventures 

Property deposits 

() 

() 

Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

() 

() 

Financing Activities 

Net proceeds from sale of partnership units 

Proceeds from line of credit 

Repayment of line of credit 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from term notes, net of discount 

Repayment of term notes 

() 

Debt issuance costs 

() 

() 

() 

Distributions to unitholders 

() 

() 

() 

Distributions to noncontrolling interest holders 

() 

() 

() 

Payments to acquire equity in consolidated subsidiary from noncontrolling interests 

() 

Redemption of operating partnership units 

() 

() 

() 

Mortgage principal payments 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase in cash and restricted cash 

() 

Cash and restricted cash at beginning of period 

Cash and restricted cash at end of period 

Supplemental cash flow information 

Cash paid for interest, net of interest capitalized 

Cash paid for income taxes, net of refunds 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 45 
 
 LIFE STORAGE, INC. AND LIFE STORAGE LP 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 self-storage properties in states and the District of Columbia. Among our self-storage properties are properties that we manage for unconsolidated joint ventures (See Note 11), properties that we manage and have no ownership interest, and properties that we lease. During 2022, approximately and of the Company s revenue was derived from stores in the states of Texas and Florida, respectively. 

 ownership interest therein as of December 31, 2022 . The remaining ownership interests in the Operating Partnership (the Units are held by certain former owners of assets acquired by the Operating Partnership. We consolidate all wholly owned subsidiaries. Partially owned subsidiaries and joint ventures are consolidated when we control the entity. Our consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Parent Company, the Operating Partnership, Life Storage Solutions, LLC (one of the Parent Company s taxable REIT subsidiaries), Warehouse Anywhere LLC, and all other wholly-owned subsidiaries. Also included in our consolidated financial statements is one joint venture of which we own of the equity and are the primary beneficiary of the joint venture. All intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated. Investments in joint ventures that we do not control but for which we have significant influence over are accounted for using the equity method. Included in the Parent Company s consolidated balance sheets are noncontrolling redeemable Operating Partnership Units and included in the Operating Partnership s consolidated balance sheets are limited partners redeemable capital interests at redemption value. These interests are presented in the mezzanine section of the consolidated balance sheets because they do not meet the functional definition of a liability or equity under current accounting literature. These represent the outside ownership interests of the limited partners in the Operating Partnership. There were and common noncontrolling redeemable Operating Partnership Units outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, and and preferred noncontrolling redeemable Operating Partnership Units outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The preferred noncontrolling redeemable Operating Partnership Units rank senior to all other partnership interests with respect to distributions and liquidation. The common unitholders are entitled to receive distributions per unit equivalent to the dividends declared per share on the Parent Company s common stock. The preferred unitholders are entitled to receive a fixed priority return of and the preferred noncontrolling redeemable Operating Partnership Units are convertible at the option of the unitholders into common noncontrolling redeemable Operating Partnership Units. Upon any such conversion, each preferred noncontrolling redeemable Operating Partnership Unit being converted shall be convertible into a number of common Operating Partnership Units equal to the quotient of (i) the stated value of the preferred noncontrolling redeemable Operating Partnership Units being converted (such stated value being per preferred noncontrolling redeemable Operating Partnership Unit) plus any accrued and unpaid distributions, divided by (ii) the average closing price of the Parent Company's common stock over the 90 consecutive trading days ending the trading day preceding the date of conversion. The Operating Partnership is obligated to redeem each of the common noncontrolling redeemable Operating Partnership Units at the request of the holder thereof for cash equal to the fair market value of a share of the Parent Company s common stock based on a 10-day average of the daily market price, at the time of such redemption, provided that the Company, at its option, may elect to acquire any such Unit presented for redemption for . The Company accounts for the noncontrolling redeemable Operating Partnership Units under the provisions of Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 480-10-S99. The application of the ASC Topic 480-10-S99 accounting model requires the noncontrolling interest to follow normal noncontrolling interest accounting and then be marked to redemption value at the end of each reporting period if higher (but never adjusted below that normal noncontrolling interest accounting amount) for the common noncontrolling redeemable Operating Partnership Units. The offset to the adjustment to the carrying amount of the common noncontrolling redeemable Operating Partnership Units is reflected in the Parent Company s dividends in excess of net income and in the Operating Partnership s general partner and limited partners capital balances. The value of common noncontrolling redeemable Operating Partnership Units at December 31, 2021 is equal to the number of common noncontrolling interest units outstanding multiplied by the fair market value of the Parent Company s common stock at that date. Redemption value exceeded the value determined under the Company s historical basis of accounting at December 31, 2021. The redemption value of the common noncontrolling redeemable Operating Partnership Units was less than the normal noncontrolling interest amount at December 31, 2022. Accordingly, in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets, common noncontrolling redeemable Operating Partnership Units are reflected at the normal noncontrolling interest accounting amount at December 31, 2022 and at redemption value at December 31, 2021. ASC Topic 480-10-S99 requires the preferred noncontrolling redeemable Operating Partnership Units to be valued at fair value as of the date of issuance and to continue to be recorded at the value determined at initial measurement plus any accrued distributions. 

Redemption of units 

() 

() 

Issuance of units 

Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests in the Operating Partnership 

Distributions 

() 

() 

Adjustment to redemption value 

() 

Ending balance 

In 2022 and 2021, the Operating Partnership issued a total of and , respectively, common noncontrolling redeemable Operating Partnership Units with aggregate fair values of million and million, respectively, as part of the consideration paid to acquire certain self-storage facilities. The fair value of these common Operating Partnership Units on the date of issuance was determined based upon the average fair market value of the Company's common stock for the fifteen consecutive trading days preceding that date. Additionally during 2022, preferred noncontrolling redeemable Operating Partnership Units were converted to common redeemable Operating Partnership Units with an aggregate fair value of million. The fair value of these common Operating Partnership Units on the date of issuance was determined based upon the average fair market value of the Company s common stock for the ten consecutive trading days preceding that date. In 2022 and 2021, and common noncontrolling redeemable Operating Partnership Units, respectively, were redeemed for cash. 

Redemption of units 

() 

Issuance of units 

Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests in the Operating Partnership 

Distributions 

() 

() 

Ending balance 

On August 19, 2021, the Company issued preferred redeemable Operating Partnership Units with a fair value of million in connection with the acquisition of certain self-storage facilities. The fair value of these preferred Units on the date of issuance was determined based upon the fixed priority return on these preferred Units of 4.5 as compared to the estimated market return of similar instruments on the date of issuance. In 2022, preferred noncontrolling redeemable Operating Partnership Units were converted to common redeemable Operating Partnership Units with an aggregate fair value of million, as discussed above. The conversion rate was determined based upon the average fair market value of the Company's common stock for the 90 consecutive trading days preceding the conversion date. No preferred noncontrolling redeemable Operating Partnership Units were issued by the Operating Partnership in 2022 . 

Restricted cash 

Total cash and restricted cash 

million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. ASU 2016-13 is not applicable to the Company's leasing receivables. 

Tenant reinsurance 

Management and acquisition fee income 

Other 

Total operating revenues 

Other revenue consists primarily of sales of storage-related merchandise (locks and packing supplies) and storage and inventory management services provided by Warehouse Anywhere. 
 Cost of operations, general and administrative expense, interest expense and advertising costs are expensed as incurred. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, advertising costs were million, million, and million, respectively. The Company accrues property taxes based on actual invoices, estimates and historical trends. If these estimates are incorrect, the timing and amount of expense recognition would be affected. Expenses related to tenant reinsurance are comprised of actual and estimated claims, costs to administer the Company's tenant reinsurance program, and fees related to tenant reinsurance paid to owners of self-storage facilities that the Company manages for third-parties. 
 years for buildings and improvements, and five to years for furniture, fixtures and equipment. Estimated useful lives are reevaluated when facts and circumstances indicate that the economic lives of assets do not extend to their currently assigned useful lives. Expenditures for significant renovations or improvements that extend the useful life of assets are capitalized. Depreciation expense was million, million and million for the years ending December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Interest and other costs incurred during the construction period of major expansions, and on investments in joint ventures with properties under construction, are capitalized. Interest capitalized during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 totaled million, million and million, respectively. Repair and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred. Whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the Company s property may not be recoverable, the Company s policy is to complete an assessment of impairment. Impairment is evaluated based upon comparing the sum of the property s expected undiscounted future cash flows to the carrying value of the property. If the sum of the undiscounted cash flows is less than the carrying amount of the property, an impairment loss is recognized for any amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, no assets have been determined to be impaired under this policy. In general, sales of real estate and non-real estate assets and related profits or losses are recognized when control of the underlying assets has transferred. 
 t record any impairment in 2022 . 
 million and million, respectively. The Company allocates a portion of the purchase price of acquisitions to in-place customer leases. The methodology used to determine the fair value of in-place customer leases is described in Note 8. The Company amortizes in-place customer leases on a straight-line basis over 12 months (the estimated future benefit period). 

The Company has elected to treat certain of its subsidiaries as taxable REIT subsidiaries. In general, the Company s taxable REIT subsidiaries may perform additional services for tenants and generally may engage in certain real estate or non-real estate related business. A taxable REIT subsidiary is subject to federal and state corporate income taxes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on differences between financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities. The Company recorded federal and state income tax expense of million, million, and million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, which is included in general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. Included in 2022 income tax expense is current tax expense of million and deferred tax expense of million. At December 31, 2022 and 2021 , there were material unrecognized tax benefits and the Company had interest or penalties related to uncertain tax provisions during the years then ended. Interest and penalties relating to uncertain tax positions will be recognized in income tax expense when incurred. Income taxes payable by the Company and the net deferred tax liabilities of our taxable REIT subsidiaries are classified within accounts payable and accrued liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets, while prepaid income taxes are classified within prepaid expenses. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s taxable REIT subsidiaries have deferred tax assets of million and a deferred tax liability of million. As of December 31, 2021, the Company s taxable REIT subsidiaries have deferred tax assets of million and a deferred tax liability of million. The tax years 2019-2022 remain open to examination by the major taxing jurisdictions to which the Company is subject. 
 to a flat rate. The reduced corporate income tax rate, which is effective for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, applies to income earned by our taxable REIT subsidiaries. Leases : The Company leases corporate office space as well as the land and/or buildings in which certain of the Company's self-storage facilities operate. The Company accounts for these leases under the guidance in ASU 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842) (ASC 842) which requires lessees to recognize a right-of-use asset and a lease liability for virtually all leases (other than leases that meet the definition of a short-term lease). The lease liability under this guidance is equal to the present value of lease payments and the right-of-use asset is based on the lease liability, subject to adjustments such as for initial direct costs and prepaid or accrued lease payments. All leases where the Company is the lessee qualify as operating leases under the guidance in ASC 842. Three of the leases for real estate at which the Company operates self-storage facilities include unilateral options for the Company to extend the terms of these leases. However, those extension periods are not included in the terms of the respective leases under ASC 842 due to the Company s inability to assert that it is reasonably certain to exercise those options based primarily on the length of time before such options would be exercised. Future lease payments which are based on changes to the consumer price index and future common area maintenance charges related to leases of corporate office space have been excluded from the future minimum noncancelable lease payments for the respective leases due to their variable nature. The Company has made the following accounting policy elections and practical expedient elections provided for in ASC 842: The package of practical expedients in ASC 842-10-65-1(f) which, if elected, stipulates that for all leases existing at the date of application (1) an entity need not reassess whether any expired or existing contracts contain leases; (2) an entity need not reassess the lease classification for any expired or existing leases; and (3) an entity need not reassess initial direct costs for any existing leases. 

 The practical expedient in ASC 842-10-65-1(g) which, if elected, stipulates that an entity may use hindsight at the date of initial application in determining the lease term and in assessing impairment of the entity s right to use assets. 

 The practical expedient in ASC 842-10-65-1(gg) which, if elected, stipulates that an entity need not assess whether existing or expired land easements that were not previously accounted for as leases under ASC 840 are or contain a lease under ASC 842. 

 The practical expedient in ASC 842-10-15-37 which, if elected, allows a lessee to choose not to separate nonlease components from lease components and instead account for each separate lease component and the nonlease components associated with that lease component as a single lease component. 

 The practical expedient in ASC 842-10-15-42A which, if elected, allows a lessor to choose not to separate nonlease components from lease components and, instead, to account for each separate lease component and the nonlease components associated with that lease component as a single lease component if the nonlease components otherwise would be accounted for under ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, and both (1) the timing and pattern of transfer for the lease component and nonlease component(s) associated with the lease component are the same, and (2) the lease component, if accounted for separately, would be classified as an operating lease in accordance with ASC 842-10-25 paragraphs 2 and 3. 

 The option in ASC 842-20-25-2 for a lessee to elect, as an accounting policy, not to apply the recognition requirements in ASC 842 to short-term leases and, instead, to recognize the lease payments in profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the lease term and variable lease payments in the period in which the obligation for those payments is incurred. Leases are considered short-term when they have a term of less than one year. 

 The Company has elected to define the term major part, as referenced in ASC 842-10-25-2 related to the remaining economic life of an asset, as being 75 or more of the remaining economic life of the asset. 

 The Company has elected to define the term substantially all, as referenced in ASC 842-10-25-2 related to the fair value of an asset, as being 90 or more of the fair value of the underlying asset. 

 The Company has elected to define the term at or near the end, as referenced in ASC 842-10-25-2 related to a lease commencement date, as being a date that falls within the last 25 of the total economic life of the underlying asset. 

 At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company s aggregate right-of-use assets totaled million and million, respectively, and are included in other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. The related lease liabilities total million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 , respectively, and are included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. Expenses related to operating leases under ASC 842 totaled million, million, and million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. At December 31, 2022, the weighted average remaining lease term and weighted average discount rate for the Company s operating leases were years and , respectively. 
 million, million, and million, respectively, related to amortization of non-vested stock grants for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. In October 2022, the Company announced that then current Chief Financial Officer, Andrew Gregoire, would be retiring effective January 2, 2023. In conjunction with this announcement, the vesting periods of certain restricted stock awards previously granted to Mr. Gregoire were accelerated to reflect his January 2, 2023 retirement date. As a result of this change, an additional million of compensation expense was recorded in 2022. In September 2021, the Company announced that then current Chief Operating Officer, Edward Killeen, would be retiring effective December 31, 2021. In conjunction with this announcement, the vesting periods of certain restricted stock awards previously granted to Mr. Killeen were accelerated to reflect his December 31, 2021 retirement date. As a result of this change, an additional million of compensation expense was recorded in 2021. The Company uses the Black-Scholes Merton option pricing model to estimate the fair value of stock options granted subsequent to the adoption of ASC Topic 718. The application of this pricing model involves assumptions that are judgmental and sensitive in the determination of compensation expense. To determine expected volatility, the Company uses historical volatility based on daily closing prices of its Common Stock over periods that correlate with the expected terms of the options granted. The risk-free rate is based on the United States Treasury yield curve at the time of grant for the expected life of the options granted. Expected dividends are based on the Company s history and expectation of dividend payouts. The expected life of stock options is based on the midpoint between the vesting date and the end of the contractual term. The Company recognizes the impact of any forfeitures as they occur. There were options granted during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. During 2022, 2021, and 2020 , the Company issued performance based non-vested stock awards to certain executives. 

Risk free interest rate 

Expected volatility 

Fair value 

The Monte Carlo pricing model was not used to value any other non-vested shares granted in 2022, 2021, or 2020 as no market conditions were present in these awards. The value of these other non-vested shares was equal to the stock price of the Company on the date of grant. 

Denominator: 

Denominator for basic earnings per share - weighted average shares 

Effect of Dilutive Securities: 

Stock options and non-vested stock 

Denominator for diluted earnings per share - adjusted weighted average shares and assumed conversion 

Basic Earnings per common share attributable to common shareholders 

Diluted Earnings per common share attributable to common shareholders 

The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted earnings per common unit of the Operating Partnership utilizing the two-class method. 

Year Ended December 31, 

(amounts in thousands, except per unit data) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Numerator: 

Net income attributable to common unitholders 

Denominator: 

Denominator for basic earnings per unit - weighted average units 

Effect of Dilutive Securities: 

Stock options and non-vested stock 

Denominator for diluted earnings per unit - adjusted weighted average units and assumed conversion 

Basic Earnings per common unit attributable to common unitholders 

Diluted Earnings per common unit attributable to common unitholders 

Not included in the effect of dilutive securities above are unvested restricted shares for the year ended December 31, 2022; unvested restricted shares for the year ended December 31, 2021; and unvested restricted shares for the year ended December 31, 2020 . The effects of including these securities would have been anti-dilutive. 

Acquisition of storage facilities 

Improvements and equipment additions 

Net (decrease) increase in construction in progress 

() 

Dispositions 

() 

() 

Ending balance 

Accumulated Depreciation: 

Beginning balance 

Additions during the year 

Dispositions 

() 

() 

Ending balance 

The Company acquired self-storage facilities during 2022 and self-storage facilities during 2021. The acquisitions of these facilities were accounted for as asset acquisitions. The cost of these facilities, including closing costs, was assigned to land, buildings, equipment, improvements, construction in progress and in-place customer leases based upon their relative fair values. The operating results of the facilities acquired have been included in the Company s operations since the respective acquisition dates. facilities acquired in 2022 and the facilities acquired in 2021 has been assigned as follows: 

(dollars in thousands) 

Consideration Paid 

Acquisition Date Fair Value 

States 
 
 Number of Properties 

Date of Acquisition 
 
 Purchase Price 

Cash Paid 

Carrying Value of Joint Venture Interest 

Value of Operating Partnership Units/ Member Interest Issued 

Net Other Liabilities Assumed (Assets Acquired) 

Land 

Building, Equipment, and Improvements 

In-Place Customer Leases 

2022 

CA 

GA, NC, SC 

IL, NC, TX 

MD 

NY 

FL 

GA 

MA 

() 

FL 

FL 

NY 

TX 

FL 

CA 

NC 

NV 

() 

NY 

() 

CA 

AZ 

MO 

MA 

FL 

AZ, MN 

Total acquired 2022 

(dollars in thousands) 

Consideration Paid 

Acquisition Date Fair Value 

States 
 
 Number of Properties 

Date of Acquisition 
 
 Purchase Price 

Cash Paid 

Value of Operating Partnership Units Issued 

Net Other Liabilities Assumed (Assets Acquired) 

Land 

Building, Equipment, and Improvements 

In-Place Customer Leases 

2021 

SC 

CA 

NY 

FL 

AZ 

WA 

FL 

NJ 

NC 

TX 

FL 

FL, NH 

NC 

NH 

FL 

AL, CO, FL, GA, KY, OH, OK, SC, TX 

AZ 

GA 

TX 

FL 

GA, NC, SC, TN 

VA 

ME 

IL 

FL 

FL, GA, IL 

FL 

CO 

FL 

CT 

() 

Total acquired 2021 

The facility purchased in New York during April 2022 was acquired as a result of the Company's acquisition of the remaining ownership interest in Life Storage 898 McDonald LLC McDonald ). Prior to this acquisition, McDonald was a joint venture between the Company and an otherwise unrelated third party which had been accounted for by the Company using the equity method of accounting (see Note 11 for additional information on McDonald). The purchase price for this acquisition includes the carrying value of the Company's equity investment in McDonald of million at the time of the acquisition. During August 2022, the Company purchased a self-storage facility in New York from an unrelated joint venture partner for total consideration of million, which includes million related to the seller's retained interest in the joint venture. The Company owns of this joint venture with the remaining owned by the Company's joint venture partner. Based on the facts and circumstances of the joint venture, the Company determined that the facility should be consolidated in accordance with ASC 810, Consolidation . The assets and liabilities of the property are included in the Company's consolidated balance sheets. Additionally included in the Company's consolidated balance sheets is the joint venture partner's noncontrolling interest, which totals million at December 31, 2022. The Company's net investment in the joint venture is million at December 31, 2022. The facility purchased in New York in 2021 was acquired from SNL Orix Merrick Merrick ), an unconsolidated joint venture in which the Company held a ownership interest. In accordance with ASC Topic 970, Real Estate General, ASC 970 the Company recorded its equity in the profit from the sale of this self-storage facility as a reduction in the respective purchase price allocated to land and depreciable fixed assets. In addition to the million cash payment for the self-storage facility acquired from Merrick, the Company also recognized million as a return on the Company's investment in Merrick as discussed further in Note 11. The facilities purchased in Georgia in September 2021 were acquired from Life Storage-SERS Storage LLC SERS ), an unconsolidated joint venture in which the Company held a ownership interest. In accordance with ASC 970, the Company recorded its equity in the profit from the sale of these self-storage facilities as a reduction in the respective purchase price allocated to land and depreciable fixed assets. In addition to the million cash payment for the self-storage facilities acquired from SERS, the Company also recognized million as a return on the Company's investment in SERS as discussed further in Note 11. of the facilities acquired in 2022 and of the facilities acquired in 2021 were managed by the Company for third-parties prior to their respective acquisition. The remaining and facilities acquired in 2022 and 2021, respectively, were all acquired from unrelated third-parties. Non-cash investing activities during 2022 include the Company's equity investment in McDonald at carrying value, the noncontrolling interest in the self-storage facility acquired in New York, the issuance of million of common Operating Partnership Units based on the average closing price of the Parent Company's common stock over the 15 consecutive trading days prior to closing on the related self-storage facility acquisition, and the assumption of net other liabilities totaling million. Non-cash investing activities during 2021 include the issuance of million of preferred Operating Partnership Units valued based upon the terms of the preferred Operating Partnership Units as compared to market rates for similar instruments at the time of acquisition, the issuance of million of common Operating Partnership Units based on the average closing price of the Parent Company's common stock for a stated number of days prior to closing on the related self-storage facility acquisitions, and the assumption of net other liabilities totaling million. Non-cash investing activities during 2020 include the Company s equity investment in an unconsolidated joint venture at carrying value, the assumption of a mortgage with an acquisition date fair value of million, and the assumption of net other liabilities totaling million. The Company measures the fair value of in-place customer lease intangible assets based on the Company s experience with customer turnover and the estimated cost to replace the in-place leases. The Company amortizes in-place customer leases on a straight-line basis over months (the estimated future benefit period). 

Accumulated amortization 

() 

() 

Net carrying value at the end of period 

Amortization expense related to in-place customer leases totaled million, million, and million, during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Amortization expense is expected to be million in 2023 based on in-place customer leases at December 31, 2022. Property Dispositions self-storage facilities were sold during 2022, 2021, or 2020. Change in Useful Life Estimates As part of the Company s capital improvement efforts, buildings at certain self-storage facilities were identified for replacement. As a result of the decision to replace these buildings, the Company reassessed the estimated useful lives of the then existing buildings. This useful life reassessment resulted in increases in depreciation expense of approximately million, million, and million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. The Company estimates that the change in estimated useful lives of buildings identified for replacement as of December 31, 2022 will not have a significant impact on depreciation expense in 2023. The accelerated depreciation resulting from the events discussed above had minimal impact on basic and diluted earnings per share/unit during 2022 and reduced both basic and diluted earnings per share/unit by approximately and per share/unit in 2021 and 2020 , respectively. 

 55 

Term note due April 8, 2024 

Senior term note due July 1, 2026 

Senior term note due December 15, 2027 

Term note due July 21, 2028 

Senior term note due June 15, 2029 

Senior term note due October 15, 2030 

Senior term note due October 15, 2031 

Total term note principal balance outstanding 

Less: unamortized debt issuance costs 

() 

() 

Less: unamortized senior term note discount 

() 

() 

Term notes payable 

Until July 13, 2022, the Company had maintained an unsecured amended credit agreement including a revolving credit facility with a limit of million and a maturity date of . Such credit agreement provided for interest on the revolving credit facility at a variable annual rate equal to LIBOR plus a margin based on the Company's credit rating and required an annual facility fee on the revolving credit facility which varied based upon the Company's credit rating (at December 31, 2021 the facility fee was ). The interest rate on the Company's revolving credit facility at December 31, 2021 was approximately . On July 13, 2022, the Company entered into an amended and restated credit facility which replaced the credit facility discussed above. Under this amended credit facility, the Company's revolving credit facility increased to billion and the maturity date of such facility was extended to . The new revolving credit facility bears interest at a variable annual rate equal to Term SOFR plus a SOFR adjustment plus a margin based on the Company's credit rating (the margin was at December 31, 2022 and requires an annual facility fee on the revolving credit facility which varies based on the Company s credit rating (the facility fee was at December 31, 2022). The interest rate on the Company s revolving credit facility at December 31, 2022 was approximately . At December 31, 2022, there was million available on the unsecured line of credit. The Company has the option under this credit facility to increase the total aggregate borrowing capacity to billion. On October 7, 2021, the Operating Partnership issued million in aggregate principal amount of unsecured senior notes due (the 2031 Senior Notes ). The 2031 Senior Notes were issued at discount to par value. Proceeds received upon issuance, net of discount to par of million, and underwriting discount and other offering expenses of million, totaled million. On September 23, 2020, the Operating Partnership issued million in aggregate principal amount of unsecured senior notes due (the 2030 Senior Notes ). The 2030 Senior Notes were issued at discount to par value. Proceeds received upon issuance, net of discount to par of million and underwriting and other offering expenses of million, totaled million. On June 3, 2019, the Operating Partnership issued million in aggregate principal amount of unsecured senior notes due (the 2029 Senior Notes ). The 2029 Senior Notes were issued at a discount to par value. Proceeds received upon issuance, net of discount to par of million and underwriting discount and other offering expenses of million, totaled million. On December 7, 2017, the Operating Partnership issued million in aggregate principal amount of unsecured senior notes due (the 2027 Senior Notes ). The 2027 Senior Notes were issued at a discount to par value. Proceeds received upon issuance, net of discount to par of million and underwriting discount and other offering expenses totaling million, totaled million. On June 20, 2016, the Operating Partnership issued million in aggregate principal amount of unsecured senior notes due (the 2026 Senior Notes ). The 2026 Senior Notes were issued at a discount to par value. Proceeds received upon issuance, net of discount to par of million and underwriting discount and other offering expenses of million, totaled million. The 2031 Senior Notes, the 2030 Senior Notes, the 2029 Senior Notes, the 2027 Senior Notes and the 2026 Senior Notes (collectively the Senior Notes are all fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the Parent Company. The indenture under which the Senior Notes were issued restricts the ability of the Company and its subsidiaries to incur debt unless the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries comply with a leverage ratio not to exceed and an interest coverage ratio of more than :1 on all outstanding debt, after giving effect to the incurrence of the debt. The indenture also restricts the ability of the Company and its subsidiaries to incur secured debt unless the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries comply with a secured debt leverage ratio not to exceed after giving effect to the incurrence of the debt. The indenture also contains other financial and customary covenants, including a covenant not to own unencumbered assets with a value less than of the unsecured indebtedness of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries. At December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with such covenants. On July 21, 2016, the Company entered into a million term note maturing bearing interest at a fixed rate of . On April 8, 2014, the Company entered into a million term note maturing bearing interest at a fixed rate of . The interest rate on this term note increases to if the Company is not rated by at least one rating agency or if the Company s credit rating is downgraded. In 2011, the Company entered into a million term note maturing bearing interest at a fixed rate of . On October 9, 2020, the Company paid off this million term note in addition to making a make-whole payment of million required as a result of paying off the term note prior to its maturity. Such make-whole payment is included in interest expense in the 2020 consolidated statement of operations. The line of credit and term notes require the Company to meet certain financial covenants, measured on a quarterly basis, including prescribed leverage, fixed charge coverage, minimum net worth, limitations on additional indebtedness and limitations on dividend payouts. At December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with such covenants. We believe that if operating results remain consistent with historical levels and levels of other debt and liabilities remain consistent with amounts outstanding at December 31, 2022, the entire availability on the line of credit could be drawn without violating our debt covenants. The Company s fixed rate term notes contain a provision that allows for the noteholders to call the debt upon a change of control of the Company at an amount that includes a make whole premium based on rates in effect on the date of the change of control. Deferred debt issuance costs and the discount on the outstanding term notes are both presented as reductions of term notes in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. Amortization expense related to these deferred debt issuance costs was million, million and million for the periods ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively, and is included in interest expense in the consolidated statements of operations. 

 mortgage note due , secured by self- storage facility with an aggregate net book value of million, principal and interest paid monthly (effective interest rate 

mortgage note due , secured by self- storage facility with an aggregate net book value of million, principal and interest paid monthly (effective interest rate 

mortgage notes due , secured by self- storage facilities with an aggregate net book value of million, interest paid monthly with principal due at maturity (effective interest rate 

mortgage note due , secured by self- storage facility with an aggregate net book value of million, principal and interest paid monthly (effective interest rate 

mortgage note due , secured by self- storage facility with an aggregate net book value of million, principal and interest paid monthly (effective interest rate 

Total mortgages payable 

The table below summarizes the Company s debt obligations at December 31, 2022 . The estimated fair value of financial instruments is subjective in nature and is dependent on a number of important assumptions, including discount rates and relevant comparable market information associated with each financial instrument. The fair values of the fixed rate term notes and mortgage notes were estimated by discounting the future cash flows using the current rates at which similar loans would be made to borrowers with similar credit ratings and for the same remaining maturities. These assumptions are considered Level 2 inputs within the fair value hierarchy as described in Note 8. The carrying values of our variable rate debt instruments, if any, approximate their fair values as these debt instruments bear interest at current market rates that approximate market participant rates. This is considered a Level 2 input within the fair value hierarchy. The use of different market assumptions and estimation methodologies may have a material effect on the reported estimated fair value amounts. at December 31, 2022) 

Notes Payable: 

Term note fixed rate 

Term note fixed rate 

Term note fixed rate 

Term note fixed rate 

Term note fixed rate 

Term note fixed rate 

Term note fixed rate 

Mortgage note fixed rate 

Mortgage note fixed rate 

Mortgage notes fixed rate 

Mortgage notes fixed rate 

Mortgage note fixed rate 

Total 

million. The million has been deferred in AOCL and is being amortized as additional interest expense over the -year term of the 2026 Senior Notes or until such time as interest payments on the 2026 Senior Notes are no longer probable. The Company expects to record million of interest expense in 2023 as a result of the amortization of the amount deferred in AOCL related to these forward starting interest rate swap agreements.) 

() 

() 

Realized loss reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss to interest expense 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss end of period 

() 

() 

() 

58 
 
 assets or liabilities carried at fair value measured on a recurring basis on the consolidated balance sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

 shares authorized for issuance under the 2015 Plan. The exercise price for qualified incentive stock options must be at least equal to the fair market value of the common shares at the date of grant. As of December 31, 2022 , there were options outstanding under the 2015 Plan and options for shares of common stock were available for future issuance. The Company may also grant other stock-based awards under the 2015 Plan, including restricted stock and performance-based awards. The Company also established the 2009 Outside Directors Stock Option and Award Plan (the 2009 Directors Plan for the purpose of attracting and retaining the services of experienced and knowledgeable outside directors. Prior to April 1, 2016, the 2009 Directors Plan provided for the granting of options to purchase shares of common stock to eligible directors. The issuance of stock options to directors was discontinued in 2016. In addition, each outside director received non-vested shares annually equal to of the annual fees paid to them. As of December 31, 2022, options for common shares were outstanding under the 2009 Directors Plan. The 2009 Directors Plan expired on and was replaced by the 2020 Outside Directors Stock Award Plan (the 2020 Directors Plan which provides for the issuance of shares of restricted stock to eligible directors. Such non-vested shares vest over a period. Dividends payable with respect to the restricted stock are accumulated during the vesting period and paid to the respective directors only upon vesting of the restricted stock. There are shares authorized for issuance under the 2020 Directors Plan. During 2022, non-vested shares were issued to outside directors and certain directors elected to defer a total of shares. As of December 31, 2022, shares of common stock were available for future issuance. As of December 31, 2022, of non-vested shares were outstanding under the 2020 Directors Plan. 

Granted 

Exercised 

() 

Adjusted / (forfeited) 

Outstanding at end of year 

Exercisable at end of year 

Total 

Intrinsic value of outstanding stock options at December 31, 2022 

Intrinsic value of exercisable stock options at December 31, 2022 

The intrinsic value of stock options exercised during the year ended December 31, 2022 was million. Proceeds from stock options exercised during the year ended December 31, 2022 totaled million. The aggregate intrinsic value is calculated as the difference between the exercise price of the underlying awards and the quoted price of the Company s common stock at December 31, 2022, or the price on the date of exercise for those exercised during the year. The weighted average remaining contractual life of all outstanding options, which are all exercisable, is years. Non-vested stock The Company has also issued shares of non-vested stock to employees which vest over two - to periods. During the restriction period, the non-vested shares may not be sold, transferred, or otherwise encumbered. The holder of the non-vested shares has all rights of a holder of common shares, including the right to vote and receive dividends. For issuances of non-vested stock during the year ended December 31, 2022, the fair market value of the non-vested stock on the date of grant ranged from to . During 2022, shares of non-vested stock were issued to employees and directors with an aggregate fair value of million. The Company charges the fair value ratably to expense over the vesting period. The Company uses the average of the high and low price of its common stock on the date the award is granted as the fair value for non-vested stock awards that do not have a market condition. 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

() 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

() 

Unvested at end of year 

Compensation expense of million, million, and million was recognized for the vested portion of non-vested stock grants in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. The fair value of non-vested stock that vested during 2022, 2021, and 2020 was million, million, and million, respectively. The total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock was million at December 31, 2022, and the remaining weighted-average period over which this expense will be recognized was years. Performance-based awards During 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company granted performance-based awards that entitle the recipients to earn up to , and shares, respectively, if certain performance criteria are achieved over a three-year period. The actual number of shares to be issued will be determined at the end of the three-year period. The Company issued , , and performance-based shares in 2022, 2021, and 2020 , respectively. The performance-based shares issued are based upon the Company s performance over a period depending on the Company s total shareholder return relative to a group of peer companies. Performance-based awards are recognized as compensation expense based on the fair value of the awards on the date of grant, the number of shares ultimately expected to vest and the vesting period of the awards. For accounting purposes, the performance shares are considered to have a market condition. The effect of the market condition is reflected in the grant date fair value of the award and thus, compensation expense is recognized on this type of award provided that the requisite service is rendered (regardless of whether the market condition is achieved). The Company estimated the fair value of each performance-based award granted under the Plans on the date of grant using a Monte Carlo simulation that uses the assumptions discussed in Note 2. During 2022, compensation expense of million (included in the million discussed above) was recognized for performance awards granted in 2022 and prior. The total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested performance awards was million at December 31, 2022 and the weighted-average period over which this expense will be recognized is years. Deferred compensation plan for Directors Under the Deferred Compensation Plan for Directors, non-employee Directors may defer all or part of their Directors fees that are otherwise payable in cash. Directors fees that are deferred under this plan are credited to each Directors account under the plan in the form of Units. The number of Units credited is determined by dividing the amount of Directors fees deferred by the closing price of the Company s Common Stock on the New York Stock Exchange on the day immediately preceding the day upon which Directors fees otherwise would be paid by the Company. A Director is credited with additional Units for dividends on the shares of Common Stock represented by Units in such Directors account. A Director may elect to receive the shares in a lump sum on a date specified by the Director or in quarterly or annual installments over a specified period and commencing on a specified date. The Directors may not elect to receive cash in lieu of shares. Under this plan there were a total of units outstanding at December 31, 2022. During 2022 and 2021, non-employee directors elected to defer fees totaling and , respectively. fees were elected to be deferred by any non-employee Directors in 2020 . 

 of the first of gross wages that the employee contributes. Total expense to the Company was approximately , , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 , respectively. 

million 
 
 million 

Sovran HHF Storage Holdings II LLC Sovran HHF II 2 

million) 
 
 million) 

Life Storage-HIERS Storage LLC HIERS 

million 
 
 million 

191 V Life Storage Holdings LLC 191 V 3 

million 
 
 million 

GII Life Storage Holdings LLC GII 4 

million 
 
 million 

LS HF8 ComRef LLC HF8 5 

million 

LS HF9 ComRef Texas LLC HF9 6 

million 

Life Storage HHF Wasatch Holdings LLC Wasatch 7 

million 

Iskalo Office Holdings, LLC Iskalo 8 
 
 N/A 

million) 
 
 million) 

Life Storage Spacemax, LLC Spacemax 9 

million 
 
 million 

Life Storage 898 McDonald LLC McDonald 10 

million 

Life Storage ArrowMark Venture LLC ArrowMark Venture 11 
 
 N/A 

million 
 
 million 

Joint ventures with properties in development stage 12 

million 
 
 million 

Other unconsolidated joint ventures 

million 
 
 million 
 
 1. In September 2020, the Company acquired self-storage facilities and related assets from Sovran HHF for total consideration of million, which is net of the Company s share of Sovran HHF s gain resulting from the transaction. In connection with this transaction, non-recourse loans with principal balances totaling million were settled. Also in September 2020, Sovran HHF sold self-storage facilities to an unrelated third-party for total consideration of million, resulting in a gain on sale of million. In June 2022, Sovran HHF acquired on additional self-storage facility for cash consideration of million. The Company made an additional contribution of million as the Company's share of this transaction. As of December 31, 2022, the carrying value of the Company s investment in Sovran HHF exceeds its share of the underlying equity in net assets of Sovran HHF by approximately million as a result of the capitalization of certain acquisition related costs in 2008. This difference is included in the carrying value of the investment. 

 2. In September 2020, the Company acquired self-storage facilities and related assets from Sovran HHF II for total consideration of million, which is net of the Company s share of Sovran HHF II s gain resulting from the transaction. In connection with this transaction, million of non-recourse loans related to these properties were settled in April 2021. Also in connection with this transaction, the Company made a million contribution to Sovran HHF II. On April 1, 2021, Sovran HHF II paid off million in existing nonrecourse mortgage debt and entered into million of new nonrecourse mortgage debt which matures in . As a result of the net proceeds from these transactions, the Company received a distribution of million from Sovran HHF II. This distribution is included in return of investment in unconsolidated joint ventures on the 2021 consolidated statement of cash flows. 

 3. In May 2021, the Company executed a joint venture agreement, 191 V Life Storage Holdings LLC, with an unrelated third-party with the purpose of acquiring and operating self-storage facilities. In June 2021, 191 V acquired self-storage facilities for a total of million, at which time 191 V entered into million of nonrecourse mortgage debt which matures in . During 2021, the Company contributed million to 191 V as the Company's share of the initial capital investment in the joint venture. 

 4. In November 2021, the Company executed a joint venture agreement, GII Life Storage Holdings LLC, with an unrelated third-party with the purpose of acquiring and operating self-storage facilities. In December 2021, GII acquired self-storage facilities for a total of 

 million, at which time GII entered into million of nonrecourse mortgage debt which matures in . During 2021, the Company contributed million to GII as the Company's share of the initial capital investment in the joint venture. 

 5. In August 2022, the Company executed a joint venture agreement, LS HF8 ComRef LLC, with an unrelated third-party with the purpose of acquiring and operating self-storage facilities. In October 2022, HF8 acquired self-storage facilities for a total contractual purchase price of million. During 2022, the Company contributed million to HF8 as the Company's share of the initial capital investment in the joint venture. 

 6. In October 2022, the Company executed a joint venture agreement, LS HF9 ComRef Texas LLC, with an unrelated third-party with the purpose of acquiring and operating self-storage facilities. In October 2022, HF9 acquired self-storage facilities for a total contractual purchase price of million. During 2022, the Company contributed million to HF9 as the Company's share of the initial capital investment in the joint venture. 

 7. In July 2022, the Company executed a joint venture agreement, Life Storage HHF Wasatch Holdings LLC, with an unrelated third-party with the purpose of acquiring and operating self-storage facilities. In September 2022, Wasatch acquired self-storage facilities for a total contractual purchase price of million. During 2022, the Company contributed million to Wasatch as the Company's share of the initial capital investment in the joint venture. At December 31, 2022, the joint venture was under contract to acquire additional self-storage facility for an aggregate purchase price of million. 

 8. Iskalo owns the building that houses the Company s headquarters. The Company paid rent to Iskalo of million, million, and million during 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 

 9. In 2019, the Company executed a joint venture agreement, Life Storage Spacemax, LLC, with an unrelated third-party with the purpose of acquiring and operating self-storage facilities. During 2019, Spacemax acquired self-storage facilities for a total of million. In connection with this acquisition, Spacemax entered into million of nonrecourse mortgage debt. During 2020, the Company contributed million to Spacemax as the Company's share of the initial capital investment in the joint venture. 

 10. In September 2021, the Company made an additional investment of million in McDonald (formerly SNL/Orix 1200 McDonald Ave., LLC) which increased the Company's ownership interest in McDonald from to . In April 2022, the Company purchased the remaining equity interest in McDonald for total consideration of million. The allocated purchase price of McDonald also includes the carrying value of the Company's investment in McDonald at the date of acquisition, which totaled million. See Note 4 for additional information regarding this transaction. 

 11. In October 2021, the Company executed a joint venture agreement, Life Storage ArrowMark Venture LLC, with the purpose of arranging and originating mortgage loans to owners of self-storage facilities throughout the United States. During 2022 and 2021, the Company contributed million and million, respectively, to ArrowMark Venture as the Company's share of the funding of mortgage loans to third-parties. 

 12. The Company has entered into separate joint ventures, of which are developing self-storage facilities in the New York City market and of which is developing a self-storage facility in the Tampa, FL, market. The Company has contributed an aggregate total of million as its share of capital to these joint ventures. 

In addition to the joint venture activity in the preceding table, in 2021, the Company acquired a self-storage facility and related assets from SNL Orix Merrick LLC Merrick ), an unconsolidated joint venture in which the Company held a ownership interest, for total consideration of million, which is net of the Company's share of Merrick's gain resulting from the transaction. In connection with this transaction, all non-recourse loans held by Merrick were settled. See Note 4 for additional information regarding this transaction. Additionally, Life Storage SERS Storage LLC SERS owned self-storage facilities which the Company acquired in September 2021 for total consideration of million, which is net of the Company's share of SERS's gain resulting from the transaction. In connection with this transaction, all non-recourse loans held by SERS were settled. As SERS no longer operates any self-storage facilities, the Company received a distribution of million in September 2021 as the Company's return of its remaining investment in SERS. SERS was dissolved in 2022. Based on the facts and circumstances of each of the Company s joint ventures, the Company has determined that of the joint ventures at December 31, 2022 is a variable interest entity VIE in accordance with ASC 810, Consolidation . The Company has consolidated that joint venture as it was determined that the Company has substantive participation rights over the activities as stipulated in the joint venture agreement and is the primary beneficiary of the joint venture. The Company used the voting model under ASC 810 to determine whether or not to consolidate the remaining joint ventures. Based upon each member s substantive participation rights over the activities as stipulated in the joint venture agreements, none of the joint ventures evaluated under the voting model are consolidated by the Company. Due to the Company s significant influence over the operations of each of the joint ventures, all above joint ventures are accounted for under the equity method of accounting. The carrying values of the Company s investments in joint ventures are assessed for other-than-temporary impairment on a periodic basis and no such impairments have been recorded on any of the Company s investments in joint ventures. As property manager of the self-storage facilities owned by each of the operational joint ventures, the Company earns management and/or call center fees based on a percentage of joint venture gross revenues. These fees earned from joint ventures, which are included in other operating income in the consolidated statements of operations, totaled million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Sovran HHF II 

191 V 

() 

Other unconsolidated joint ventures 

() 

The Company does not guarantee the debt of any of its equity method investees. We do not expect to have material future cash outlays relating to these joint ventures outside our share of capital for future acquisitions of self-storage facilities, our share of capital for the origination of nonrecourse loans by ArrowMark Venture, our share of capital required for the development of properties under construction, and our share of the payoff of secured debt held by these joint ventures. 

General and administrative expenses (corporate office rent) 

Equity in income of joint ventures 

Distributions from unconsolidated joint ventures 

(Advances to) receipts from joint ventures, net 

() 

() 

Investing activities 

Investment in unconsolidated joint ventures 

() 

() 

() 

Return of investment in unconsolidated joint ventures 

Gain on sale of investments in unconsolidated joint ventures 

million in aggregate offering price of shares of the Company s common stock. The 2020 Equity Program was replaced on June 15, 2021 when the Company entered into a new continuous equity offering program 2021 Equity Program with multiple sales agents pursuant to which the Company is permitted to sell up to million in aggregate offering price of shares of the Company's stock. The 2021 Equity Program was replaced on August 11, 2022 when the Company entered into a new continuous equity offering program 2022 Equity Program with multiple sales agents pursuant to which the Company is permitted to sell up to billion in aggregate offering price of shares of the Company's stock. Actual sales under this continuous equity offering program will depend on a variety of factors and conditions, including, but not limited to, market conditions, the trading price of the Company s common stock, and determinations of the appropriate sources of funding for the Company. The Company expects to offer, sell and issue shares of common stock under this equity program from time to time based on various factors and conditions, although the Company is under no obligation to sell any shares under this equity program. The 2020 Equity Program, 2021 Equity Program, and 2022 Equity Program are referred to collectively as the Equity Programs. During 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock under the Equity Programs at a weighted average issue price of , generating net proceeds of million after deducting million of sales commissions paid to the sales agents as well as other expenses of million. The Company used such proceeds primarily to fund a portion of the self-storage facilities acquired in 2022. During 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock under the Equity Programs at a weighted average issue price of , generating net proceeds of million after deducting million of sales commissions paid to the sales agents, as well as other expenses of million. The Company used such proceeds primarily to fund a portion of the self-storage facilities acquired in 2021. During 2020, the Company issued shares of common stock under the Equity Programs at a weighted average issue price of , generating net proceeds of million after deducting million of sales commissions paid to the sales agents, as well as other expenses of million. The Company used such proceeds primarily to fund a portion of the self-storage facilities acquired in 2020. On September 16, 2021, the Company completed the public offering of shares of the Company's common stock at per share. Net proceeds to the Company after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses were approximately million. The Company used the net proceeds from the offering to repay amounts outstanding under the Company's revolving credit facility, to fund acquisitions, and for general corporate purposes. On August 2, 2017, the Company s Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to million of the Company s outstanding common shares Buyback Program ). The Buyback Program allows the Company to purchase shares of its common stock in accordance with applicable securities laws on the open market, through privately negotiated transactions, or through other methods of acquiring shares. The Buyback Program may be suspended or discontinued at any time. The Company did t repurchase any outstanding common shares under the Buyback Program in 2022, 2021, or 2020. In 2013, the Company implemented a Dividend Reinvestment Plan which was suspended by the Company's Board of Directors in 2017. As a result, the Company did t issue any shares under the Dividend Reinvestment Plan during 2022, 2021, or 2020 . 

Net income 

Net income attributable to common shareholders 

Net income per share attributable to common shareholders 

Basic 

Diluted 

2021 Quarter Ended 

Mar. 31 

Jun. 30 

Sept. 30 

Dec. 31 

Operating revenue 

Net income 

Net income attributable to common shareholders 

Net income per share attributable to common shareholders 

Basic 

Diluted 

The following is a summary of quarterly results of Life Storage LP operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (dollars in thousands, except per unit data): 

2022 Quarter Ended 

Mar. 31 

Jun. 30 

Sept. 30 

Dec. 31 

Operating revenue 

Net income 

Net income attributable to common unitholders 

Net income per unit attributable to common unitholders 

Basic 

Diluted 

2021 Quarter Ended 

Mar. 31 

Jun. 30 

Sept. 30 

Dec. 31 

Operating revenue 

Net income 

Net income attributable to common unitholders 

Net income per unit attributable to common unitholders 

Basic 

Diluted 

See Note 2 for discussion of the Company s distribution of common stock announced by the Company on January 4, 2021. See Note 4 for a discussion of the depreciation resulting from the change in estimated useful lives of buildings identified for replacement at certain of the Company s self-storage facilities. See Note 5 for financing transactions entered into in 2022 and 2021 . 

 million of operating lease commitments, excluding variable consideration. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

At December 31, 2022 , the Company was under contract to acquire self-storage facilities for an aggregate purchase price of million. The purchases of these self-storage facilities are subject to customary conditions to closing, and there is no assurance that these facilities will be acquired. At December 31, 2022 , one of the Company's unconsolidated joint ventures was under contract to acquire self-storage facility for a purchase price of million, of which the Company's contribution is million. The purchase of this self-storage facility is subject to customary conditions to closing, and there is no assurance that this facility will be acquired. At December 31, 2022, the Company has signed contracts in place with third-party contractors for expansion and enhancements at its existing facilities. The Company expects to pay million under these contracts in 2023 . 

 , the Company declared a quarterly dividend of per common share. The dividend was paid on to shareholders of record on . The total dividend paid amounted to million . During February 2023, holders of preferred noncontrolling redeemable Operating Partnership Units elected to convert their preferred Units to common noncontrolling redeemable Operating Partnership Units. A total of common noncontrolling redeemable Operating Partnership Units with an aggregate value of million were issued as part of this conversion. 

 65 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Acco untants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Controls and Procedures (Parent Company) 
 Conclusion Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 The Parent Company s management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Parent Company s disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined under Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), under the supervision of and with the participation of the Parent Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Based on that evaluation, the Parent Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, concluded that the Parent Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective at December 31, 2022. There have not been changes in the Parent Company s internal controls or in other factors that could significantly affect these controls during the quarter ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Management s Report on Life Storage, Inc. Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management of Life Storage, Inc. (the Parent Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, and for performing an assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. The Parent Company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The Parent Company s system of internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Parent Company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Parent Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Parent Company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Parent Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 The Parent Company s management performed an assessment of the effectiveness of the Parent Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based upon criteria in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 Framework) COSO ). Based on our assessment, management determined that the Parent Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022 based on the criteria in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by COSO. 
 The effectiveness of the Parent Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by Ernst Young LLP (PCAOB ID: ), an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which is included in Item 9A herein. 

/S/ Joseph V. Saffire 
 
 /S/ Alexander Gress 

Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

66 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Life Storage, Inc. 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Life Storage, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in the Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Life Storage, Inc. (the Parent Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Parent Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, shareholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the index at Item 15(a)(2) and our report dated February 24, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Parent Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Life Storage, Inc. Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Parent Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Parent Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 
 Buffalo, New York 
 February 24, 2023 
 67 
 
 Controls and Procedures (Operating Partnership) 
 Conclusion Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 The Operating Partnership s management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Operating Partnership s disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined under Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), under the supervision of and with the participation of the Operating Partnership s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Based on that evaluation, the Operating Partnership s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, concluded that the Operating Partnership s disclosure controls and procedures were effective at December 31, 2022. There have not been changes in the Operating Partnership s internal controls or in other factors that could significantly affect these controls during the quarter ended December 31, 2022. 
 Management s Report on Life Storage LP Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management of Life Storage LP (the Operating Partnership is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, and for performing an assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. The Operating Partnership s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The Operating Partnership s system of internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Operating Partnership; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Operating Partnership are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Operating Partnership; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Operating Partnership s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 The Operating Partnership s management performed an assessment of the effectiveness of the Operating Partnership s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based upon criteria in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 Framework) COSO ). Based on our assessment, management determined that the Operating Partnership s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022 based on the criteria in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by COSO. 
 The effectiveness of the Operating Partnership s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by Ernst Young LLP (PCAOB ID: ), an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which is included in Item 9A herein. 

/S/ Joseph V. Saffire 
 
 /S/ Alexander Gress 

Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

68 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Partners and the Board of Directors of Life Storage LP 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Life Storage LP s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in the Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Life Storage LP (the Operating Partnership) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Operating Partnership as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, partners capital and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the index at Item 15(a)(2) and our report dated February 24, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Operating Partnership s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Life Storage LP Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Operating Partnership s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Operating Partnership in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 
 Buffalo, New York 
 February 24, 2023 
 
 69 
 
 Item 9B. Othe r Information 
 None 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 70 
 
 Part III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Of ficers and Corporate Governance 
 The information contained in the Parent Company s Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 2023 Proxy Statement ), with respect to directors, executive officers, audit committee, and audit committee financial experts of the Company and Section 16(a) beneficial ownership reporting compliance, is incorporated herein by reference in response to this item. 
 The Company has adopted a code of ethics that applies to all of its directors, officers, and employees. The Company has made the Code of Ethics available on its website at http://www.lifestorage.com. 
 Item 11. Executi ve Compensation 
 The information required is incorporated by reference to Executive Compensation and Director Compensation in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Ow ners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information required herein is incorporated by reference to Stock Ownership By Directors and Executive Officers and Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Relate d Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information required herein is incorporated by reference to Certain Transactions and Election of Directors Director Independence in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Item 14. Principal Accou ntant Fees and Services 
 The information required herein is incorporated by reference to Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 71 
 
 Part IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Finan cial Statement Schedules 
 (a) Documents filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 

1. The following consolidated financial statements of Life Storage, Inc. are included in Item 8. 

(i) Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021; 

(ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations for Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020; 

(iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020; 

(iv) Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020; 

(v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020; and 

(vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

The following consolidated financial statements of Life Storage LP are included in Item 8. 
 (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021; 

(ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations for Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020; 

(iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020; 

(iv) Consolidated Statements of Partners Capital for Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020; 

(v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020; and 

(vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

2. The following financial statement Schedule as of the period ended December 31, 2022 is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation at December 31, 2022. 
 All other Consolidated financial schedules are omitted because they are inapplicable, not required, or the information is included elsewhere in the consolidated financial statements or the notes thereto. 
 72 
 
 3. Exhibits 

The exhibits required to be filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K have been included as follows: 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Parent Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed February 27, 2018). 

3.2 
 
 Articles Supplementary to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Parent Company classifying and designating the Series A Junior Participating Cumulative Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Parent Company s Form 8-A filed December 3, 1996). 

3.3 
 
 Articles Supplementary to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Parent Company classifying and designating the 9.85 Series B Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.6 to the Parent Company s Form 8-A filed July 29, 1999). 

3.4 
 
 Articles Supplementary to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Parent Company classifying and designating the 8.375 Series C Convertible Cumulative Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Parent Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 12, 2002). 

3.5 
 
 Articles Supplementary to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Parent Company reclassifying shares of Series B Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock into Preferred Stock. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Parent Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 31, 2011). 

3.6 
 
 Articles of Amendment of the Parent Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 11, 2016). 

3.7 
 Articles of Amendment of the Parent Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 1, 2021) 

3.8 
 
 Bylaws, as amended, of the Parent Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 11, 2016). 

3.9 
 
 Amendment to Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 19, 2017). 

3.10 
 
 Amendment to Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Parent Company and Operating Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 31, 2019). 

3.11 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Limited Partnership (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 11, 2016). 

3.12 
 Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Life Storage LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership's Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 8, 2021). 

3.13 
 Certificate of Designation of 4.5 Series A Preferred Limited Partnership Units (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership's Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 23, 2021). 

4.1 
 
 Form of Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Parent Company s Registration Statement on Form S-11 (File No. 33-91422) filed June 19, 1995). P 

4.2 
 
 Base Indenture, dated as of June 20, 2016, among the Company, the Operating Partnership and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 20, 2016). 

4.3 
 
 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 20, 2016, among the Parent Company, the Operating Partnership and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 20, 2016). 

4.4 
 
 Form of Note representing the Notes (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 20, 2016). 

4.5 
 
 Form of Guarantee (included in Exhibit 4.4). 

4.6 
 
 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 7, 2017, among the Parent Company, the Operating Partnership and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 7, 2017). 

4.7 
 
 Form of Note representing the Notes (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 7, 2017). 

73 

4.8 
 
 Form of Guarantee (included in Exhibit 4.7). 

4.9 
 
 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 3, 2019, among the Parent Company, the Operating Partnership and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 3, 2019). 

4.10 
 
 Form of Note representing the Notes (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 3, 2019). 

4.11 
 
 Form of Guarantee (included in Exhibit 4.10). 

4.12 
 
 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 23, 2020, among the Parent Company, the Operating Partnership and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Parent Company and Operating Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 23, 2020). 

4.13 
 
 Form of Note representing the Notes (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Parent Company and Operating Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 23, 2020). 

4.14 
 
 Form of Guarantee (included in Exhibit 4.13). 

4.15 
 
 Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 7, 2021, among the Parent Company, the Operating Partnership and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Parent Company and Operating Partnership's Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 8, 2021). 

4.16 
 
 Form of Note representing the Notes (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Parent Company and Operating Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 8, 2021). 

4.17 
 
 Form of Guarantee (included in Exhibit 4.16). 

4.18 
 
 Description of Securities Registered Under Section 12 of the Exchange Act of 1934 

10.1+ 
 
 2015 Award and Option Plan, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed February 27, 2017). 

10.2+ 
 
 Deferred Compensation Plan for Directors (incorporated by reference to the Parent Company s Schedule 14A Proxy Statement filed April 8, 2015). 

10.3+ 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreements with members of the Board of Directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Parent Company and Operating Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 16, 2021). 

10.4 
 
 Eighth Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of July 13, 2022 among the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership, certain financial institutions a party thereto or which may become a party thereto (the Lenders ), Manufacturers and Traders Trust Company, as administrative agent, and various other parties as joint lead arrangers, joint bookrunners, syndication agents and documentation agents (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership's Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 15, 2022). 

10.5 
 
 Note Purchase Agreement dated as of April 8, 2014 among the Parent Company, the Operating Partnership and the institutions named in Schedule A thereto as purchasers of 175 million, 4.533 Senior Guaranteed Notes, Series E due April 8, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Parent Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 9, 2014). 

10.6 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to Note Purchase Agreement (2014) dated June 29, 2016 by and among the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership and the Required Holders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 6, 2016). 

10.7 
 
 Amendments to Note Purchase Agreement (2014) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed February 27, 2018). 

10.8 
 
 Note Purchase Agreement dated as of July 21, 2016 among the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership and the institutions named in Schedule A thereto as purchasers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 26, 2016). 

10.9 
 
 Amendment to Note Purchase Agreement (2016) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed February 27, 2018). 

10.10+ 
 
 Amended and Restated 2009 Outside Directors Stock Option and Award Plan (incorporated by reference to the Parent Company s Schedule 14A Proxy Statement filed April 16, 2019). 

74 

10.11+ 
 
 Outside Directors Stock Award Plan (incorporated by reference to the Parent Company s Schedule 14A Proxy Statement filed April 17, 2020). 

10.12 + 
 
 Outside Director Fee Schedule. 

10.13+ 
 
 Annual Incentive Compensation Plan for Executive Officers, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed May 3, 2018). 

10.14+ 
 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement between the Parent Company, the Operating Partnership and Andrew J. Gregoire dated November 1, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed November 3, 2017). 

10.15+ 
 Amendment to Employment Agreement and Retirement Agreement by and among the Parent Company, the Operating Partnership and Andrew J. Gregoire, dated October 25, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Parent Company and Operating Partnership's Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 25, 2022). 

10.16+ 
 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement between the Parent Company, the Operating Partnership and Edward F. Killeen dated November 1, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed November 3, 2017). 

10.17+ 
 
 Separation Agreement by and among the Parent Company, the Operating Partnership and Edward F. Killeen, dated September 2, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership's Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 2, 2021). 

10.18+ 
 
 Employment Agreement between the Parent Company, the Operating Partnership and Joseph Saffire dated November 1, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed November 3, 2017). 

10.19+ 
 
 Letter Agreement between the Parent Company and Joseph V. Saffire (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 1, 2019. 

10.20+ 
 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement by and among the Parent Company, the Operating Partnership and Alexander Gress, dated January 2, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Parent Company and Operating Partnership's Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 3, 2023). 

10.21+ 
 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement by and among the Parent Company, the Operating Partnership and David Dodman dated January 1, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 3, 2022). 

10.22+ 
 
 Form of Long Term Incentive Stock Award Notice (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 21, 2018). 

10.23+ 
 
 Form of Long Term Incentive Restricted Stock Award Notice (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 19, 2019). 

10.24+ 
 
 Form of Performance-Based Award Notice (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 19, 2019). 

10.25+ 
 
 Form of Long Term Restricted Stock Award Notice (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Parent Company and Operating Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 18, 2020). 

10.26+ 
 
 Form of Performance-Based Award Notice (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Parent Company and Operating Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 18, 2020). 

10.27+ 
 
 Form of Long Term Restricted Stock Award Notice (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Parent Company and Operating Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 20, 2021). 

10.28+ 
 
 Form of Performance-Based Award Notice (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Parent Company and Operating Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 20, 2021). 

10.29+ 
 
 Form of Long Term Restricted Stock Award Notice (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Parent Company and Operating Partnershp's Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 16, 2022). 

10.30+ 
 
 Form of Performance-Based Award Notice (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Parent Company and Operating Partnership's Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 16, 2022). 

10.31 
 
 Form of Equity Distribution Agreement, dated August 11, 2022, by and among the Parent Company, the Operating Partnership, Life Storage Holdings, Inc., the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers and the Forward Purchasers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 of the Parent Company and Operating Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 11, 2022). 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Company. 

75 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

23.2 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

24.1 
 
 Powers of Attorney (included on signature pages). 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer of Life Storage, Inc. pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act, as amended. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer of Life Storage, Inc. pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act, as amended. 

31.3 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer of Life Storage LP pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act, as amended. 

31.4 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer of Life Storage LP pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act, as amended. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Life Storage, Inc. Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Life Storage LP Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101 
 
 The following financial statements from Life Storage, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in inline XBRL, as follows: (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021; (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations for Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020; (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020; (iv) Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020; (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020; and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

The following financial statements from Life Storage LP s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in inline XBRL, as follows: (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021; (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations for Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020; (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020; (iv) Consolidated Statements of Partners Capital for Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020; (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020; and 

(vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed herewith. 

+ 
 
 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 Not applicable. 
 76 
 
 SIGNA TURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

February 24, 2023 

LIFE STORAGE, INC. 

By: 
 
 /s/ Alexander Gress 

Alexander Gress Chief Financial Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 

February 24, 2023 

LIFE STORAGE LP 

By: 
 
 /s/ Alexander Gress 

Alexander Gress Chief Financial Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Mark G. Barberio 
 
 Chair of Board and Director of Life Storage, Inc. 
 
 February 24, 2023 

Mark G. Barberio 

/s/ Joseph V. Saffire 
 
 Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and 
 
 February 24, 2023 

Joseph V. Saffire 
 
 Director of Life Storage, Inc. and Life Storage Holdings, Inc., general partner of Life Storage LP 

/s/ Alexander Gress 
 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting 
 
 February 24, 2023 

Alexander Gress 
 
 Officer) of Life Storage, Inc. and Life Storage Holdings, Inc., general partner of Life Storage LP 

/s/ Stephen R. Rusmisel 
 
 Director of Life Storage, Inc. 
 
 February 24, 2023 

Stephen R. Rusmisel 

/s/ Arthur L. Havener, Jr. 
 
 Director of Life Storage, Inc. 
 
 February 24, 2023 

Arthur L. Havener, Jr. 

/s/ Dana Hamilton 
 
 Director of Life Storage, Inc. 
 
 February 24, 2023 

Dana Hamilton 

/s/ Edward J. Pettinella 
 
 Director of Life Storage, Inc. 
 
 February 24, 2023 

Edward J. Pettinella 

/s/ David L. Rogers 
 
 Director of Life Storage, Inc. 
 
 February 24, 2023 

David L. Rogers 

/s/ Susan S. Harnett 
 
 Director of Life Storage, Inc. 
 
 February 24, 2023 

Susan S. Harnett 

77 
 
 Life Storage, Inc. and Life Storage LP 
 Schedule III 
 Combined Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (in thousands) 
 December 31, 2022 

Initial Cost to Company 

Cost Capitalized Subsequent to Acquisition 

Gross Amount at Which Carried at Close of Period 

Life on which depreciation 

Building, 

Building, 

Building, 

in latest 

Equipment 

Equipment 

Equipment 

income 

New 

Encum 

and 

and 

and 

Accum. 

Date of 
 
 Date 
 
 statement 

Description 
 
 ST 
 
 brance 
 
 Land 

Impvmts. 

Impvmts. 

Land 

Impvmts. 

Total 

Deprec. 

Const. 
 
 Acquired 
 
 is computed 

Charleston 

to years 

Lakeland 

to years 

Charlotte 

to years 

Youngstown 

to years 

Cleveland 

to years 

Pt. St. Lucie 

to years 

Orlando - Deltona 

to years 

NY Metro-Middletown 

to years 

Buffalo 

to years 

Rochester 

to years 

Jacksonville 

to years 

Boston 

to years 

Rochester 

to years 

Boston 

to years 

Savannah 

to years 

Raleigh-Durham 

to years 

Hartford-New Haven 

to years 

Atlanta 

to years 

Atlanta 

to years 

Buffalo 

to years 

Raleigh-Durham 

to years 

Columbia 

to years 

Atlanta 

to years 

Orlando 

to years 

Sharon 

to years 

Ft. Lauderdale 

to years 

West Palm 

to years 

Atlanta 

to years 

Atlanta 

to years 

Atlanta 

to years 

Atlanta 

to years 

Atlanta 

to years 

Baltimore 

to years 

Baltimore 

to years 

Melbourne 

to years 

Newport News 

to years 

Pensacola 

to years 

Hartford 

to years 

Atlanta 

to years 

Alexandria 

to years 

Pensacola 

to years 

Melbourne 

to years 

Hartford 

to years 

Atlanta 

to years 

Norfolk 

to years 

Birmingham 

to years 

78 

Initial Cost to Company 

Cost Capitalized Subsequent to Acquisition 

Gross Amount at Which Carried at Close of Period 

Life on which depreciation 

Building, 

Building, 

Building, 

in latest 

Equipment 

Equipment 

Equipment 

income 

New 

Encum 

and 

and 

and 

Accum. 

Date of 
 
 Date 
 
 statement 

Description 
 
 ST 
 
 brance 
 
 Land 

Impvmts. 

Impvmts. 

Land 

Impvmts. 

Total 

Deprec. 

Const. 
 
 Acquired 
 
 is computed 

Birmingham 

to years 

Montgomery 

to years 

Jacksonville 

to years 

Pensacola 

to years 

Pensacola 

to years 

Pensacola 

to years 

Tampa 

to years 

Clearwater 

to years 

Clearwater-Largo 

to years 

Providence 

to years 

Norfolk - Virginia Beach 

to years 

Richmond 

to years 

Orlando 

to years 

Syracuse 

to years 

Ft. Myers 

to years 

Ft. Myers 

to years 

Harrisburg 

to years 

Harrisburg 

to years 

Newport News 

to years 

Montgomery 

to years 

Charleston 

to years 

Tampa 

to years 

Dallas-Ft.Worth 

to years 

Dallas-Ft.Worth 

to years 

Dallas-Ft.Worth 

to years 

San Antonio 

to years 

San Antonio 

to years 

Montgomery 

to years 

West Palm 

to years 

Ft. Myers 

to years 

Syracuse 

to years 

Lakeland 

to years 

Boston - Springfield 

to years 

Ft. Myers 

to years 

Cincinnati 

to years 

Baltimore 

to years 

Jacksonville 

to years 

Jacksonville 

to years 

Jacksonville 

to years 

Charlotte 

to years 

Charlotte 

to years 

Orlando 

to years 

Rochester 

to years 

Youngstown 

to years 

Cleveland 

to years 

Cleveland 

to years 

79 

Initial Cost to Company 

Cost Capitalized Subsequent to Acquisition 

Gross Amount at Which Carried at Close of Period 

Life on which depreciation 

Building, 

Building, 

Building, 

in latest 

Equipment 

Equipment 

Equipment 

income 

New 

Encum 

and 

and 

and 

Accum. 

Date of 
 
 Date 
 
 statement 

Description 
 
 ST 
 
 brance 
 
 Land 

Impvmts. 

Impvmts. 

Land 

Impvmts. 

Total 

Deprec. 

Const. 
 
 Acquired 
 
 is computed 

Cleveland 

to years 

Cleveland 

to years 

Cleveland 

to years 

Cleveland 

to years 

Cleveland 

to years 

San Antonio 

to years 

San Antonio 

to years 

Houston-Beaumont 

to years 

Houston-Beaumont 

to years 

Houston-Beaumont 

to years 

Chesapeake 

to years 

Orlando-W 25th St 

to years 

Savannah 

to years 

Delray 

to years 

Cleveland-Avon 

to years 

Atlanta-Alpharetta 

to years 

Atlanta-Marietta 

to years 

Atlanta-Doraville 

to years 

Baton Rouge-Airline 

to years 

Baton Rouge-Airline2 

to years 

Harrisburg-Peiffers 

to years 

Tampa-E. Hillsborough 

to years 

NY Metro-Middletown 

to years 

Chesapeake-Military 

to years 

Chesapeake-Volvo 

to years 

Norfolk-Naval Base 

to years 

Boston-Northbridge 

to years 

Titusville 

to years 

Boston-Salem 

to years 

Providence 

to years 

Chattanooga-Lee Hwy 

to years 

Chattanooga-Hwy 58 

to years 

Ft. Oglethorpe 

to years 

Birmingham-Walt 

to years 

Salem-Policy 

to years 

Raleigh-Durham 

to years 

Youngstown-Warren 

to years 

Youngstown-Warren 

to years 

Houston-Katy 

to years 

Melbourne 

to years 

Vero Beach 

to years 

Houston-Humble 

to years 

Houston-Webster 

to years 

San Marcos 

to years 

Hollywood-Sheridan 

to years 

Pompano Beach-Atlantic 

to years 

80 

Cost 

Capitalized 

Subsequent 

Life on 

to 

Gross Amount at Which 

which 

Initial Cost to Company 

Acquisition 

Carried at Close of Period 

depreciation 

Building, 

Building, 

Building, 

in latest 

Equipment 

Equipment 

Equipment 

income 

New 

Encum 

and 

and 

and 

Accum. 

Date of 
 
 Date 
 
 statement 

Description 
 
 ST 
 
 brance 
 
 Land 

Impvmts. 

Impvmts. 

Land 

Impvmts. 

Total 

Deprec. 

Const. 
 
 Acquired 
 
 is computed 

Pompano Beach-Sample 

to years 

Boca Raton-18th St 

() 

to years 

Hollywood-N.21st 

to years 

Dallas-Fort Worth 

to years 

Dallas-Fort Worth 

to years 

Cincinnati-Batavia 

to years 

Providence 

to years 

Lafayette-Ambassador 

to years 

Phoenix-Glendale 

to years 

Phoenix-Mesa 

to years 

Phoenix-Mesa 

to years 

Phoenix-Mesa 

to years 

Phoenix-Mesa 

to years 

Phoenix-Bell 

to years 

Phoenix-35th Ave 

to years 

Portland 

to years 

Space Coast-Cocoa 

to years 

Dallas-Fort Worth 

to years 

NY Metro-Middletown 

to years 

Boston-N. Andover 

to years 

Houston-Seabrook 

to years 

Ft. Lauderdale 

to years 

Birmingham-Bessemer 

to years 

NY Metro-Brewster 

to years 

Austin-Lamar 

to years 

Houston 

to years 

Ft.Myers 

to years 

Boston-Dracut 

to years 

Boston-Methuen 

to years 

Myrtle Beach 

to years 

Maine-Saco 

to years 

Boston-Plymouth 

to years 

Boston-Sandwich 

to years 

Syracuse 

to years 

Dallas-Fort Worth 

to years 

San Antonio-Hunt 

to years 

Houston-Humble 

to years 

Houston-Pasadena 

to years 

Houston-Montgomery 

to years 

Houston-S. Hwy 6 

to years 

Houston-Beaumont 

to years 

The Hamptons 

to years 

The Hamptons 

to years 

The Hamptons 

to years 

The Hamptons 

to years 

Dallas-Fort Worth 

to years 

81 

Cost 

Capitalized 

Subsequent 

Life on 

to 

Gross Amount at Which 

which 

Initial Cost to Company 

Acquisition 

Carried at Close of Period 

depreciation 

Building, 

Building, 

Building, 

in latest 

Equipment 

Equipment 

Equipment 

income 

New 

Encum 

and 

and 

and 

Accum. 

Date of 
 
 Date 
 
 statement 

Description 
 
 ST 
 
 brance 
 
 Land 

Impvmts. 

Impvmts. 

Land 

Impvmts. 

Total 

Deprec. 

Const. 
 
 Acquired 
 
 is computed 

Dallas-Fort Worth 

to years 

Stamford 

to years 

Houston-Tomball 

to years 

Houston-Conroe 

to years 

Houston-Spring 

to years 

Houston-Bissonnet 

to years 

Houston-Alvin 

to years 

Clearwater 

to years 

Houston-Missouri City 

to years 

Chattanooga-Hixson 

to years 

Austin-Round Rock 

to years 

Long Island-Bayshore 

to years 

Syracuse - Cicero 

to years 

Boston-Springfield 

to years 

Stamford 

to years 

Montgomery-Richard 

to years 

Houston-Jones 

to years 

Boston-Oxford 

to years 

Austin-290E 

to years 

San Antonio-Marbach 

to years 

Austin-South 1st 

to years 

Atlanta-Marietta 

to years 

Baton Rouge 

to years 

San Marcos-Hwy 35S 

to years 

Houston-Baytown 

to years 

Houston-Cypress 

to years 

Rochester 

to years 

Houston-Jones Rd 2 

to years 

Manchester 

to years 

Clearwater-Largo 

to years 

Clearwater-Pinellas Park 

to years 

Clearwater-Tarpon Spring 

to years 

New Orleans 

to years 

St Louis-Meramec 

to years 

St Louis-Charles Rock 

to years 

St Louis-Shackelford 

to years 

St Louis-W.Washington 

to years 

St Louis-Howdershell 

to years 

St Louis-Lemay Ferry 

to years 

St Louis-Manchester 

to years 

Dallas-Fort Worth 

to years 

Dallas-Fort Worth 

to years 

Dallas-Fort Worth 

to years 

Dallas-Fort Worth 

to years 

Dallas-Fort Worth 

to years 

Dallas-Fort Worth 

to years 

82 

Cost 

Capitalized 

Subsequent 

Life on 

to 

Gross Amount at Which 

which 

Initial Cost to Company 

Acquisition 

Carried at Close of Period 

depreciation 

Building, 

Building, 

Building, 

in latest 

Equipment 

Equipment 

Equipment 

income 

New 

Encum 

and 

and 

and 

Accum. 

Date of 
 
 Date 
 
 statement 

Description 
 
 ST 
 
 brance 
 
 Land 

Impvmts. 

Impvmts. 

Land 

Impvmts. 

Total 

Deprec. 

Const. 
 
 Acquired 
 
 is computed 

San Antonio-Blanco 

to years 

San Antonio-Broadway 

to years 

San Antonio-Huebner 

to years 

Nashua 

to years 

Chattanooga-Lee Hwy II 

to years 

Montgomery-E.S.Blvd 

to years 

Auburn-Pepperell Pkwy 

to years 

Auburn-Gatewood Dr 

to years 

Columbus-Williams Rd 

to years 

Columbus-Miller Rd 

to years 

Columbus-Armour Rd 

to years 

Columbus-Amber Dr 

to years 

Concord 

to years 

Houston-Beaumont 

to years 

Houston-Beaumont 

to years 

Buffalo-Langner Rd 

to years 

Buffalo-Transit Rd 

to years 

Buffalo-Lake Ave 

to years 

Buffalo-Union Rd 

to years 

Buffalo-NF Blvd 

to years 

Buffalo-Young St 

to years 

Buffalo-Sheridan Dr 

to years 

Bufrfalo-Transit Rd 

to years 

Rochester-Phillips Rd 

to years 

San Antonio-Foster 

to years 

Huntsville-Memorial Pkwy 

to years 

Huntsville-Madison 1 

to years 

Bilox-Gulfport 

to years 

Huntsville-Hwy 72 

to years 

Mobile-Airport Blvd 

to years 

Bilox-Gulfport 

to years 

Huntsville-Madison 2 

to years 

Foley-Hwy 59 

to years 

Pensacola 6-Nine Mile 

to years 

Auburn-College St 

to years 

Biloxi-Gulfport 

to years 

Pensacola 7-Hwy 98 

to years 

Montgomery-Arrowhead 

to years 

Montgomery-McLemore 

to years 

Houston-Beaumont 

to years 

Biloxi-Ginger 

to years 

Foley-7905 St Hwy 59 

to years 

Cincinnati-Robertson 

to years 

Richmond-Bridge Rd 

to years 

Raleigh-Durham 

to years 

Charlotte-Wallace 

to years 

83 

Cost 

Capitalized 

Subsequent 

Life on 

to 

Gross Amount at Which 

which 

Initial Cost to Company 

Acquisition 

Carried at Close of Period 

depreciation 

Building, 

Building, 

Building, 

in latest 

Equipment 

Equipment 

Equipment 

income 

New 

Encum 

and 

and 

and 

Accum. 

Date of 
 
 Date 
 
 statement 

Description 
 
 ST 
 
 brance 

Land 

Impvmts. 

Impvmts. 

Land 

Impvmts. 

Total 

Deprec. 

Const. 
 
 Acquired 
 
 is computed 

Raleigh-Durham 

to years 

Charlotte-Westmoreland 

to years 

Charlotte-Matthews 

to years 

Raleigh-Durham 

to years 

Charlotte-Zeb Morris 

to years 

Fair Lawn 

to years 

Elizabeth 

to years 

Saint Louis-High Ridge 

to years 

Atlanta-Decatur 

to years 

Houston-Humble 

to years 

Dallas-Fort Worth 

to years 

Houston-Hwy 6N 

to years 

Houston-Katy 

to years 

Houston-Deer Park 

to years 

Houston-W.Little York 

to years 

Houston-Friendswood 

to years 

Houston-Spring 

to years 

Houston-W.Sam Houston 

to years 

Austin-Pond Springs Rd 

to years 

Austin-Round Rock 

to years 

Houston-Silverado Dr 

to years 

Houston-Sugarland 

to years 

Houston-Wilcrest Dr 

to years 

Houston-Woodlands 

to years 

Houston-Woodlands 

to years 

Houston-Katy Freeway 

to years 

Houston-Webster 

to years 

Newport News-Brick Kiln 

to years 

Penasacola-Palafox 

to years 

Miami 

to years 

Chicago - Lake Forest 

to years 

Chicago - Schaumburg 

to years 

Norfolk - E. Little Creek 

to years 

Atlanta-14th St. 

to years 

Jacksonville - Middleburg 

to years 

Jacksonville - Orange Park 

to years 

Jacksonville - St. Augustine 

to years 

Atlanta - NE Expressway 

to years 

Atlanta - Kennesaw 

to years 

Atlanta - Lawrenceville 

to years 

Atlanta - Woodstock 

to years 

Raleigh-Durham 

to years 

Chicago - Lindenhurst 

to years 

Chicago - Orland Park 

to years 

Phoenix-83rd 

to years 

Chicago-North Austin 

to years 

84 

Cost 

Capitalized 

Subsequent 

Life on 

to 

Gross Amount at Which 

which 

Initial Cost to Company 

Acquisition 

Carried at Close of Period 

depreciation 

Building, 

Building, 

Building, 

in latest 

Equipment 

Equipment 

Equipment 

income 

New 

Encum 

and 

and 

and 

Accum. 

Date of 
 
 Date 
 
 statement 

Description 
 
 ST 
 
 brance 
 
 Land 

Impvmts. 

Impvmts. 

Land 

Impvmts. 

Total 

Deprec. 

Const. 
 
 Acquired 
 
 is computed 

Chicago-North Western 

to years 

Chicago-West Pershing 

to years 

Chicago - North Broadway 

to years 

Brandenton 

to years 

Ft. Myers-Cleveland 

to years 

Clearwater-Drew St. 

to years 

Clearwater-N. Myrtle 

to years 

Austin-Round Rock 

to years 

Austin-Round Rock 

to years 

Chicago-Aurora 

to years 

San Antonio - Marbach 

to years 

Long Island - Lindenhurst 

to years 

Boston - Somerville 

to years 

Long Island - Deer Park 

to years 

Long Island - Amityville 

to years 

Colorado Springs - Scarlet 

to years 

Toms River - Route 37 W 

to years 

Lake Worth - S Military 

to years 

Austin-Round Rock 

to years 

Hartford-Bristol 

to years 

Piscataway - New Brunswick 

to years 

Fort Lauderdale - 3rd Ave 

to years 

West Palm - Mercer 

to years 

Austin - Manchaca 

to years 

San Antonio 

to years 

Portland 

to years 

Portland-Topsham 

to years 

Chicago - St. Charles 

to years 

Chicago - Ashland 

to years 

San Antonio - Walzem 

to years 

St. Louis - Woodson 

to years 

St. Louis - Mexico 

to years 

St. Louis - Vogel 

to years 

St. Louis - Manchester 

to years 

St. Louis - North Highway 

to years 

St. Louis - Dunn 

to years 

Trenton-Hamilton Twnship 

to years 

NY Metro-Fishkill 

to years 

Atlanta-Peachtree City 

to years 

Wayne - Willowbrook 

to years 

Asbury Park - 1st Ave 

to years 

Farmingdale - Tinton Falls 

to years 

Lakewood - Route 70 

to years 

Matawan - Highway 34 

to years 

St. Petersburg - Gandy 

to years 

Chesapeake - Campostella 

to years 

85 

Cost 

Capitalized 

Subsequent 

Life on 

to 

Gross Amount at Which 

which 

Initial Cost to Company 

Acquisition 

Carried at Close of Period 

depreciation 

Building, 

Building, 

Building, 

in latest 

Equipment 

Equipment 

Equipment 

income 

New 

Encum 

and 

and 

and 

Accum. 

Date of 
 
 Date 
 
 statement 

Description 
 
 ST 
 
 brance 
 
 Land 

Impvmts. 

Impvmts. 

Land 

Impvmts. 

Total 

Deprec. 

Const. 
 
 Acquired 
 
 is computed 

San Antonio-Castle Hills 

to years 

Chattanooga - Broad St 

to years 

New Orleans-Kenner 

to years 

Orlando-Celebration 

to years 

Austin-Cedar Park 

to years 

Chicago - Pulaski 

to years 

Houston - Gessner 

to years 

New England - Danbury 

to years 

New England - Milford 

to years 

Long Island - Hicksville 

to years 

Long Island - Farmingdale 

to years 

Chicago - Alsip 

to years 

Chicago - N. Pulaski 

to years 

Fort Myers - Tamiami Trail 

to years 

Dallas - Allen 

to years 

Jacksonville - Beach Blvd. 

to years 

Space Coast - Vero Beach 

to years 

Port St. Lucie - Federal Hwy. 

to years 

West Palm - N. Military 

to years 

Ft. Myers - Bonita Springs 

to years 

Phoenix - Tatum Blvd. 

to years 

Boston - Lynn 

to years 

Syracuse - Ainsely Dr. 

to years 

Syracuse - Cicero 

to years 

Syracuse - Camillus 

to years 

Syracuse - Manlius 

to years 

Charlotte - Brookshire Blvd. 

to years 

Charleston III 

to years 

Myrtle Beach II 

to years 

Hilton Head - Bluffton 

to years 

Philadelphia - Eagleville 

to years 

Orlando - University 

to years 

Orlando - N. Powers 

to years 

Sarasota - North Port 

() 

to years 

Los Angeles - E. Commercial 

to years 

Los Angeles - E. Slauson 

to years 

Los Angeles - Westminster 

to years 

Los Angeles - Calabasas 

to years 

Portsmouth - Kingston 

to years 

Portsmouth - Danville 

to years 

Portsmouth - Hampton Falls 

to years 

Portsmouth - Lee 

to years 

Portsmouth - Heritage 

to years 

Boston - Salisbury 

to years 

Dallas - Frisco 

to years 

Dallas - McKinney 

to years 

86 

Cost 

Capitalized 

Subsequent 

Life on 

to 

Gross Amount at Which 

which 

Initial Cost to Company 

Acquisition 

Carried at Close of Period 

depreciation 

Building, 

Building, 

Building, 

in latest 

Equipment 

Equipment 

Equipment 

income 

New 

Encum 

and 

and 

and 

Accum. 

Date of 
 
 Date 
 
 statement 

Description 
 
 ST 
 
 brance 

Land 

Impvmts. 

Impvmts. 

Land 

Impvmts. 

Total 

Deprec. 

Const. 
 
 Acquired 
 
 is computed 

Dallas - McKinney 

to years 

Phoenix - 48th 

to years 

Miami 

to years 

Philadelphia - Glenolden 

to years 

Denver - Thornton 

to years 

Los Angeles - Costa Mesa 

to years 

Los Angeles - Irving 

to years 

Los Angeles - Durante 

to years 

Los Angeles - Wildomar 

to years 

Los Angeles - Torrance 

to years 

New Haven - Wallingford 

to years 

New Haven - Waterbury 

to years 

New York - Mahopac 

to years 

New York - Mount Vernon 

to years 

Pt. St. Lucie 

to years 

Dallas - Lewisville 

to years 

Buffalo - Cayuga 

to years 

Buffalo - Lackawanna 

to years 

Austin - W Braker 

to years 

Austin - Highway 290 

to years 

Austin - Killeen 

to years 

Austin - Round Rock 

to years 

Austin - Georgetown 

to years 

Austin - Pflugerville 

to years 

Chicago - Algonquin 

to years 

Chicago - Carpentersville 

to years 

Chicago - W. Addison 

to years 

Chicago - State St. 

to years 

Chicago -W. Grand 

to years 

Chicago - Libertyville 

to years 

Chicago - Aurora 

to years 

Chicago - Morton Grove 

to years 

Chicago - Bridgeview 

to years 

Chicago - Addison 

to years 

Chicago - W Diversey 

to years 

Chicago - Elmhurst 

to years 

Chicago - Elgin 

to years 

Chicago - N. Paulina St., 

to years 

Chicago - Matteson 

to years 

Chicago - S. Heights 

to years 

Chicago - W. Grand 

to years 

Chicago - W 30th St 

to years 

Chicago - Mokena 

to years 

Chicago - Barrington 

to years 

Chicago - Naperville 

to years 

Chicago - Forest Park 

to years 

87 

Cost 

Capitalized 

Subsequent 

Life on 

to 

Gross Amount at Which 

which 

Initial Cost to Company 

Acquisition 

Carried at Close of Period 

depreciation 

Building, 

Building, 

Building, 

in latest 

Equipment 

Equipment 

Equipment 

income 

New 

Encum 

and 

and 

and 

Accum. 

Date of 
 
 Date 
 
 statement 

Description 
 
 ST 
 
 brance 
 
 Land 

Impvmts. 

Impvmts. 

Land 

Impvmts. 

Total 

Deprec. 

Const. 
 
 Acquired 
 
 is computed 

Chicago - La Grange 

to years 

Chicago - Glenview 

to years 

Dallas - Richardson 

to years 

Dallas - Arlington 

to years 

Dallas - Plano 

to years 

Dallas - Mesquite 

to years 

Dallas - S Good Latimer 

to years 

Boulder - Arapahoe 

to years 

Boulder - Odell 

to years 

Boulder - Arapahoe 

to years 

Boulder - Broadway 

to years 

Houston - Westpark 

to years 

Houston - C. Jester 

to years 

Houston - Bay Pointe 

to years 

Houston - FM 529 

to years 

Houston - Jones 

to years 

Las Vegas - Spencer 

to years 

Las Vegas - Maule 

to years 

Las Vegas - Wigwam 

to years 

Las Vegas - Stufflebeam 

to years 

Las Vegas - Ft. Apache 

to years 

Las Vegas - North 

to years 

Las Vegas - Warm Springs 

to years 

Las Vegas - Conestoga 

to years 

Las Vegas - Warm Springs 

to years 

Las Vegas - Nellis 

to years 

Las Vegas - Cheyenne 

to years 

Las Vegas - Dean Martin 

to years 

Las Vegas - Flamingo 

to years 

Las Vegas - North 

to years 

Las Vegas - Henderson 

to years 

Las Vegas - North 

to years 

Las Vegas - Farm 

to years 

Los Angeles - Torrance 

to years 

Los Angeles - Irvine 

to years 

Los Angeles - Palm Desert 

to years 

Milwaukee - Green Bay 

to years 

Orlando - Winter Garden 

to years 

Orlando - Longwood 

to years 

Orlando - Overland 

to years 

Sacramento - Calvine 

to years 

Sacramento - Folsom 

to years 

Sacremento - Pell 

to years 

Sacremento - Goldenland 

to years 

Sacremento - Woodland 

to years 

Sacramento - El Camino 

to years 

88 

Cost 

Capitalized 

Subsequent 

Life on 

to 

Gross Amount at Which 

which 

Initial Cost to Company 

Acquisition 

Carried at Close of Period 

depreciation 

Building, 

Building, 

Building, 

in latest 

Equipment 

Equipment 

Equipment 

income 

New 

Encum 

and 

and 

and 

Accum. 

Date of 
 
 Date 
 
 statement 

Description 
 
 ST 
 
 brance 

Land 

Impvmts. 

Impvmts. 

Land 

Impvmts. 

Total 

Deprec. 

Const. 
 
 Acquired 
 
 is computed 

Sacramento - Bayou 

to years 

Sacramento - Calvine 

to years 

Sacramento - El Dorado Hills 

to years 

Sacramento - Fruitridge 

to years 

San Antonio - US 281 

to years 

Austin - San Marcos 

to years 

Charleston 

to years 

Denver - Westminster 

to years 

Chicago - Arlington Hgts. 

to years 

Orlando - Curry Ford 

to years 

Chicago - Lombard 

to years 

Austin - Mary St. 

to years 

Charlotte - Morehead St.. 

to years 

Londonderry - Smith Ln. 

to years 

Sacramento - Main Ave. 

to years 

Carmel - Old Rt. 6 

to years 

Chamblee - Peachtree Blvd. 

to years 

West Sacramento - Jefferson 

to years 

Orlando - Semoran Blvd. 

to years 

Riverhead - Flanders Rd. 

to years 

Saint Louis - Manchester Ave. 

to years 

Long Island City 

to years 

Tampa - MLK Jr. Blvd. 

to years 

Cleveland - Wickliffe 

to years 

Cleveland - Highland Heights 

to years 

Cleveland - Westlake 

to years 

Jacksonville 

to years 

Wake Forest 

to years 

Chantilly 

to years 

Chattanooga 

to years 

Tampa - Lutz 

to years 

Summerville 

to years 

Charleston - Summerville 

to years 

Dumfries 

to years 

Greenville 

to years 

Cumming 

to years 

Glen Allen 

to years 

Tampa - Trout Creek Drive 

to years 

Midlothian 

to years 

Las Vegas - Boulder Hwy 

to years 

Seattle - Auburn 

to years 

Seattle - Yancy Street 

to years 

Seattle - 114th Street 

to years 

Baltimore - Pulaski Hwy 

to years 

Baltimore - North Point Road 

to years 

Baltimore - Fontana Lane 

to years 

89 

Cost 

Capitalized 

Subsequent 

Life on 

to 

Gross Amount at Which 

which 

Initial Cost to Company 

Acquisition 

Carried at Close of Period 

depreciation 

Building, 

Building, 

Building, 

in latest 

Equipment 

Equipment 

Equipment 

income 

New 

Encum 

and 

and 

and 

Accum. 

Date of 
 
 Date 
 
 statement 

Description 
 
 ST 
 
 brance 

Land 

Impvmts. 

Impvmts. 

Land 

Impvmts. 

Total 

Deprec. 

Const. 
 
 Acquired 
 
 is computed 

Baltimore - Jessup 

to years 

Baltimore - Windsor Mill Road 

to years 

Norwood 

to years 

Ocean Township 

to years 

Elk Grove 

to years 

Norco 

to years 

Rohnert Park 

to years 

San Jose 

to years 

Palmdale 

to years 

Lancaster 

to years 

Tampa - E Fletcher Ave 

to years 

Tampa - W Hillsborough Ave 

to years 

San Antonio - Culebra Rd 

to years 

Columbus - Cleveland Ave 

to years 

Columbus - Evanswood Dr 

to years 

San Antonio - Jackson Keller Rd 

to years 

Whitehall 

to years 

Dallas - S Buckner Blvd 

45 

to years 

Garland 

to years 

Dallas - N Buckner Blvd 

to years 

Columbus - W Henderson Rd 

to years 

Miami - SW 28th Ln 

to years 

Decatur 

to years 

Columbus - E Broad St 

to years 

Dublin 

to years 

North Brunswick 

to years 

Hillsborough 

to years 

Lodi 

to years 

Flemington 

to years 

East Windsor 

to years 

Ottsville 

to years 

East Stroudsburg 

to years 

Doylestown 

to years 

Monmouth Junction 

to years 

King of Prussia 

to years 

Trenton 

to years 

Miami - Coral Way 

to years 

Dardenne Prairie 

to years 

Brandon 

to years 

Sarasota - South Tamiami Trail 

to years 

Murrells Inlet 

to years 

Loomis 

to years 

Buffalo - Kenmore Ave 

to years 

Palm Desert 

to years 

Myrtle Beach 

to years 

Woodland 

to years 

90 

Cost 

Capitalized 

Subsequent 

Life on 

to 

Gross Amount at Which 

which 

Initial Cost to Company 

Acquisition 

Carried at Close of Period 

depreciation 

Building, 

Building, 

Building, 

in latest 

Equipment 

Equipment 

Equipment 

income 

New 

Encum 

and 

and 

and 

Accum. 

Date of 
 
 Date 
 
 statement 

Description 
 
 ST 
 
 brance 
 
 Land 

Impvmts. 

Impvmts. 

Land 

Impvmts. 

Total 

Deprec. 

Const. 
 
 Acquired 
 
 is computed 

Jamaica - Merrick 

to years 

Sarasota - Fruitville 

to years 

Ruskin 

to years 

North Port 

to years 

Venice - Center Rd 

to years 

Sarasota - Apex 

to years 

Venice - Englewood 

to years 

Venice - S Tamiami 

to years 

Wimauma 

to years 

Tucson - Orange Grove 

to years 

Oro Valley 

to years 

Queen Creek 

to years 

Covington 

to years 

Auburn 

to years 

Saint Augustine 

to years 

Wall 

to years 

Jackson 

to years 

Farmingdale 

to years 

South Robbinsville 

to years 

Hillsborough 

to years 

Charlotte - West Mallard Creek 

to years 

Winston-Salem - Robinhood 

to years 

Plano - Jupiter Rd 

to years 

Austin - E Parmer Lane 

to years 

Round Rock - N Red Bud Land 

to years 

Lewisville 

to years 

Saint Petersburg - Tyrone Blvd 

to years 

Gastonia 

to years 

Oakland Park 

to years 

Salem 

to years 

Derry - Linlew Dr 

to years 

Derry - Rockingham Dr 

to years 

Goffstown 

to years 

Orlando - Eastmar Commons 

to years 

Huntsville - Blake Bottom 

to years 

Madison - County Line 

to years 

Huntsville - Oakwood Ave 

to years 

Huntsville - Martin 

to years 

Madison - Slaughter Rd 

to years 

Huntsville - Leeman Ferry 

to years 

Huntsville - Highway 72 

to years 

Brighton - Baseline Place 

to years 

Tampa - N Rome Ave 

to years 

Tampa - S West Shore Blvd 

to years 

Cumming 

to years 

Dunwoody 

to years 

91 

Cost 

Capitalized 

Subsequent 

Life on 

to 

Gross Amount at Which 

which 

Initial Cost to Company 

Acquisition 

Carried at Close of Period 

depreciation 

Building, 

Building, 

Building, 

in latest 

Equipment 

Equipment 

Equipment 

income 

New 

Encum 

and 

and 

and 

Accum. 

Date of 
 
 Date 
 
 statement 

Description 
 
 ST 
 
 brance 
 
 Land 

Impvmts. 

Impvmts. 

Land 

Impvmts. 

Total 

Deprec. 

Const. 
 
 Acquired 
 
 is computed 

Alpharetta 

to years 

Jonesboro 

to years 

Louisville - E Market St 

to years 

Columbus - West Broad St 

to years 

Oklahoma City - NW 122nd 

to years 

Edmond 

to years 

Greenville - Dunbar 

to years 

Mount Pleasant 

() 

to years 

Austin - Airport Blvd 

() 

to years 

Round Rock - University Blvd 

to years 

Gilbert 

to years 

Atlanta - Decatur St 

to years 

Marietta - Johnson Ferry 

to years 

Cumming - Atlanta Hwy 

to years 

Round Rock - Double Creek 

to years 

San Antonio - Wurzbach 

to years 

San Antonio - Nacogdoches 

to years 

Leander 

to years 

Miami - SW 81st Terrace 

to years 

Miami - NW 37th Ave 

to years 

Charlotte - E 7th Street 

to years 

Durham - Petty 

to years 

Greenville - Laurens 

to years 

Greenville - Pleasantburg 

to years 

Nashville - 26th Avenue 

to years 

Savannah - E Victory 

to years 

Stanley 

to years 

Henrico - Cox Rd 

to years 

Portland - Riverside 

to years 

New Lenox - West Haven 

to years 

Orlando - E Colonial 

to years 

Largo - Belcher 

to years 

Tampa - Gunn Highway 

to years 

Tampa - E Fletcher Ave 

to years 

Lakeland - Robin Rd 

to years 

Lutz - State Rd 54 

to years 

Tampa - Bruce D Downs Blvd 

to years 

Riverview - Boyete 

to years 

Seffner 

to years 

Spring Hill 

to years 

Largo - Starkey 

to years 

Wesley Chapel 

to years 

Tampa - W Fletcher Ave 

to years 

Decatur - Covington 

to years 

Lithia Springs 

to years 

Lithonia 

to years 

92 

Cost 

Capitalized 

Subsequent 

Life on 

to 

Gross Amount at Which 

which 

Initial Cost to Company 

Acquisition 

Carried at Close of Period 

depreciation 

Building, 

Building, 

Building, 

in latest 

Equipment 

Equipment 

Equipment 

income 

New 

Encum 

and 

and 

and 

Accum. 

Date of 
 
 Date 
 
 statement 

Description 
 
 ST 
 
 brance 
 
 Land 

Impvmts. 

Impvmts. 

Land 

Impvmts. 

Total 

Deprec. 

Const. 
 
 Acquired 
 
 is computed 

Norcross 

to years 

Roswell 

to years 

Shady Springs 

to years 

Stockbridge 

to years 

Stone Mountain 

to years 

Batavia 

to years 

Chicago - N Des Plaines 

to years 

Lake Zurich 

to years 

Sanford - W SR 46 

to years 

Broomfield 

to years 

Loveland 

to years 

Palmetto - 96th St E 

to years 

Southington 

to years 

Milford 

to years 

Meriden 

to years 

Glastonbury 

to years 

Plainville 

to years 

West Hartford - New Park Ave 

to years 

San Marcos 

to years 

Riverside 

to years 

Beaumont 

to years 

Moreno Valley 

to years 

Pomona 

to years 

Capistrano Beach 

to years 

Charleston - Grand Oaks Blvd 

to years 

Winston Salem 

to years 

Savannah 

to years 

Chicago - N Broadway 

to years 

Plano 

to years 

Little Elm 

to years 

Garland 

to years 

Flower Mound 

to years 

Durham 

to years 

Raleigh 

to years 

Spring Lake 

to years 

Baltimore 

to years 

Brooklyn - McDonald Ave 

to years 

Clearwater 

to years 

Tampa 

to years 

Tampa 

to years 

Jonesboro 

to years 

Worchester 

to years 

Tampa 

to years 

Lake Worth 

to years 

Niagara Falls 

to years 

Orchard Park 

to years 

93 

Cost 

Capitalized 

Subsequent 

Life on 

to 

Gross Amount at Which 

which 

Initial Cost to Company 

Acquisition 

Carried at Close of Period 

depreciation 

Building, 

Building, 

Building, 

in latest 

Equipment 

Equipment 

Equipment 

income 

New 

Encum 

and 

and 

and 

Accum. 

Date of 
 
 Date 
 
 statement 

Description 
 
 ST 
 
 brance 

Land 

Impvmts. 

Impvmts. 

Land 

Impvmts. 

Total 

Deprec. 

Const. 
 
 Acquired 
 
 is computed 

Houston 

to years 

Miami - SW 39th Ave 

to years 

Westminster 

to years 

Cornelius 

to years 

Hamburg 

to years 

North Las Vegas 

to years 

Bruckner 

to years 

Riverside 

to years 

Gilbert 

to years 

Machester 

to years 

St. Louis - Chippewa 

to years 

St. Louis - Big Bend 

to years 

Kirkwood 

to years 

St. Louis - Manchester 

to years 

Wareham 

to years 

East Naples 

to years 

Phoenix - E Indian School 

to years 

Phoenix - N 16th 

to years 

Tempe 

to years 

Phoenix - E Thunderbird 

to years 

Cave Creek 

to years 

San Tan Valley 

to years 

Burnsville 

to years 

Construction in Progress 

Corporate Office 

to years 

94 
 
 (dollars in thousands) 

December 31, 

December 31, 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Cost: 

Balance at beginning of period 

Additions during period: 

Acquisitions through foreclosure 

Other acquisitions 

Improvements, etc. 

Deductions during period: 

Cost of assets disposed 

() 

() 

() 

Impairment write-down 

Casualty loss 

() 

() 

() 

Balance at close of period 

Accumulated Depreciation: 

Balance at beginning of period 

Additions during period: 

Depreciation expense 

Deductions during period: 

Accumulated depreciation of assets disposed 

() 

() 

() 

Accumulated depreciation on impaired asset 

Accumulated depreciation on casualty loss 

() 

() 

() 

Balance at close of period 

The aggregate cost of real estate for U.S. federal income tax purposes i s a t December 31, 2022. 
 95 

<EX-4>
 2
 lsi-ex4_18.htm
 EX-4.18

EX-4 

Exhibit 4.18 
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 
 REGISTERED UNDER SECTION 12 OF THE 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 The following description summarizes the material provisions of our common stock registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 . This description is not complete and is subject to, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to our charter and our bylaws and applicable provisions of the Maryland General Corporation Law MGCL ). 
 AUTHORIZED CAPITAL STOCK 
 
 General 
 
 Our capital stock consists of: 
 200 million authorized shares of common stock, par value 0.01 per share, of which 85,019,884 were outstanding on December 31, 2022; and 

10 million authorized shares of preferred stock, par value 0.01 per share, including the following series designated by our board of directors as of December 31, 2022: 

250,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock, none of which were outstanding on December 31, 2022. 

COMMON STOCK 
 
 General 
 
 Subject to the preferential rights of any other shares or series of stock, holders of shares of common stock are entitled to receive dividends on those shares if, as and when authorized by our board of directors and declared by us out of assets legally available therefor and to share ratably in the assets legally available for distribution to stockholders in the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up after payment of, or adequate provision for, all of our known debts and liabilities. 
 
 Each outstanding share of common stock entitles the holder to one vote on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders, including the election of members of our board of directors. Except as otherwise required by law or except as provided with respect to any other class or series of stock, the holders of shares of our common stock possess the exclusive voting power. There is no cumulative voting in the election of members of our board of directors, which means that the holders of a majority of the shares of our outstanding common stock can elect all of the members of our board of directors then standing for election, and the holders of the remaining shares of our common stock will not be able to elect any members of our board of directors. 
 
 Holders of shares of our common stock have no conversion, sinking fund or redemption rights, or preemptive rights to subscribe for any of our securities. 
 
 We furnish stockholders with annual reports containing audited consolidated financial statements and an opinion thereon expressed by an independent registered public accounting firm and quarterly reports for the first three quarters of each fiscal year containing unaudited financial information. 
 
 All shares of our common stock have equal dividend, distribution, liquidation and other rights, and will have no preference, or exchange rights and generally have no appraisal rights. 
 
 Pursuant to the MGCL a corporation generally cannot dissolve, amend its charter, merge, sell all or substantially all of its assets, engage in a share exchange or engage in similar transactions outside the ordinary course of business unless the action is advised by its board of directors approved by the affirmative vote of holders of at least two-thirds of the shares entitled to vote on the matter unless a lesser percentage, but not less than a 
 - 1 - 
 
 majority of all of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter, is set forth in the corporation s charter. Our charter does not provide for a lesser percentage in those situations. 
 
 The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is American Stock Transfer and Trust Company. 
 
 PREFERRED STOCK 
 
 We are authorized to issue up to 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, 9,750,000 of which are currently unclassified. We may issue shares of preferred stock from time-to-time, in one or more series, as authorized by our board of directors. Prior to issuance of shares of each series, the board of directors is required by the MGCL and our charter to fix for each series, as permitted by Maryland law, the 
 Preferences, 

Conversion or other rights, 

Voting powers, 

Restrictions, 

Limitations as to dividends or other distributions, 

Qualifications, and 

Terms or conditions of redemption. 

RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER/OWNERSHIP LIMITS 
 
 For us to qualify as a Real Estate Investment Trust REIT under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), not more than 50 in value of our outstanding stock may be owned, directly or indirectly, by five or fewer individuals, which is defined in the Code to include some entities, during the last half of a taxable year. We refer to this requirement as the five or fewer test. Also, our stock must be beneficially owned by 100 or more persons during at least 335 days of a taxable year of 12 months or during a proportionate part of a shorter taxable year. Our charter contains restrictions on the ownership and transfer of shares of our stock intended, among other purposes, to ensure compliance with these requirements. Subject to exceptions described below, no holder may own, or be deemed to own by virtue of the attribution provisions of the Code, shares of our stock in excess of 9.8 of the aggregate value of our outstanding stock. We refer to this limit as the ownership limit. Under the Code, some entities will be disregarded for purposes of the five or fewer test, and the beneficial owners of those entities will be counted as holders of our stock. Those entities include pension trusts qualifying under Section 401(a) of the Code, United States investment companies registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940, corporations, trusts and partnerships. Our charter limits these entities to holdings of no more than 15 of the aggregate value of our shares of stock. We refer to this limit as the look-through ownership limit. Any transfer of shares of our stock or any security convertible into shares of our stock that would create a direct or indirect ownership of shares of our stock in excess of the ownership limit or the look-through ownership limit or that would result in our disqualification as a REIT, including any transfer that results in the shares of stock being owned by fewer than 100 persons or results in us being closely held within the meaning of Section 856(h) of the Code, is deemed to be null and void, and the intended transferee will acquire no rights to the shares of our stock. These restrictions on transferability and ownership will not apply if our board of directors determines that it is no longer in our best interests to continue to qualify as a REIT. Our board of directors may, in its sole discretion, exempt a person from the ownership limit or the look-through ownership limit if the board receives such representations and undertakings that are reasonably necessary to ascertain that no individual s ownership of our outstanding stock will violate the ownership limit or look through ownership limit and such person agrees that any violation or attempted violation will result in such shares being designated as shares in trust, as described below. Prior to granting any exceptions, board of directors may require an opinion of counsel or IRS ruling satisfactory to our board of directors as the board may deem necessary or advisable to determine or ensure our status as a REIT and may impose such other conditions or restrictions as the board deems appropriate. Waivers have been granted to the former holders of our Series C preferred stock, FMR Corporation, Cohen Steers, Inc. and Invesco Advisers, Inc. 
 
 - 2 - 
 
 Stock owned, or deemed to be owned, or transferred to a shareholder in excess of the ownership limit or the look-through ownership limit or that causes us to be treated as closely-held under Section 856(h) of the Code or is otherwise not permitted as provided above, will be designated shares in trust. Shares in trust will be transferred, by operation of law, to a person unaffiliated with us that is designated by our board of directors as trustee of a trust for the benefit of one or more charitable organizations. We refer to this trust as the share trust. While shares in trust are held in the share trust 
 The shares in trust will remain issued and outstanding shares of our common or preferred stock and will be entitled to the same rights and privileges as all other shares of the same class or series, 

The trustee will receive all dividends and distributions on the shares in trust for the share trust and will hold those dividends or distributions in trust for the benefit of one or more designated charitable beneficiaries, and 

The trustee will vote all shares in trust. 

Any vote cast by the proposed transferee in respect of the shares in trust prior to our discovery that those shares have been transferred to the share trust will, subject to applicable law, be rescinded and void. Any dividend or distribution paid to a proposed transferee or owner of shares in trust prior to our discovery that those shares have been transferred to the share trust will be required to be repaid upon demand to the trustee for the benefit of one or more charitable beneficiaries. 
 
 The trustee may, at any time the shares in trust are held in the share trust, transfer the interest in the share trust representing the shares in trust to any person whose ownership of the shares of stock designated as shares in trust would not cause the shares in trust to be transferred to a share trust and redesignated as shares in trust, and provided that the permitted transferee purchases those shares for valuable consideration. Upon that sale, the proposed original transferee will receive the lesser of 
 The price paid by the original transferee shareholder for the shares of stock that were transferred to the share trust, or if the original transferee shareholder did not give value for those shares, the average closing price for the five consecutive trading days ending on the date of the transfer causing the shares to be held in trust, and 

The price received by the trustee from that sale. 

Any amounts received by the trustee in excess of the amounts paid to the proposed transferee will be distributed to one or more charitable beneficiaries of the share trust. 
 
 If the transfer restrictions are determined to be void or invalid by virtue of any legal decision, statute, rule or regulation, then the intended transferee of shares held in the share trust may be deemed, at our option, to have acted as our agent in acquiring the shares in trust and to hold the shares in trust on our behalf. 
 
 In addition, we have the right, for a period of 90 days during the time any shares of shares in trust are held by the trustee, to purchase all or any portion of the shares in trust from the share trust at the lesser of 
 The price initially paid for those shares by the original transferee-shareholder, or if the original transferee-shareholder did not give value for those shares, the average closing price for the five consecutive trading days ending on the date of the transfer causing the shares to be held in trust, and 

The average closing price of the class of shares of those shares in trust for the five consecutive trading days ending on the date we elect to purchase those shares. 

The 90-day period begins on the date of the violative transfer if the original transferee-shareholder gives notice to us of the transfer or, if no notice is given, the date our board of directors determines that a violative transfer has been made. 
 
 All certificates representing shares of our stock bear a legend referring to the restrictions described above. 
 
 Each person who owns, or is deemed to own, more than 5 of the value or number of shares of our outstanding stock must give written notice to us of the name and address of the owner, the number of shares of 
 - 3 - 
 
 outstanding stock owned and a description of how those shares are held. Also, each shareholder must upon demand disclose to us in writing any information with respect to the direct, indirect and constructive ownership of stock as our board of directors deems necessary to comply with the provisions of the Code applicable to REITs, to comply with the requirements of any taxing authority or governmental agency or to determine such compliance and ensure compliance with the ownership limit. 
 
 The ownership limit, the look-through ownership limit and the other restrictions on ownership and transfer could delay, defer or prevent a transaction or change in control of our company that might involve a premium price for our common stock or otherwise be in the best interest of our shareholders. 

CERTAIN PROVISIONS OF MARYLAND LAW AND OF 
 OUR CHARTER AND BYLAWS 
 
 The following description of the terms of our stock and of certain provisions of Maryland law is only a summary. For a complete description, we refer you to the MGCL, our charter, and our Bylaws. 
 
 Removal of Directors 
 
 Our charter provides that a director may be removed only for cause (as defined in the charter) and only by the affirmative vote of not less than two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast in the election of directors. 
 
 Business Combinations 
 
 Under the Maryland Business Combination Act, certain business combinations between a Maryland corporation and an interested stockholder or an affiliate of an interested stockholder are prohibited for five years after the most recent date on which the interested stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. These business combinations include a merger, consolidation, share exchange, or, in circumstances specified in the statute, an asset transfer or issuance or reclassification of equity securities. An interested stockholder is defined as: 
 
 any person who beneficially owns ten percent or more of the voting power of the corporation s shares; or 

an affiliate or associate of the corporation who, at any time within the two-year period prior to the date in question, was the beneficial owner of ten percent or more of the voting power of the then outstanding voting stock of the corporation. 

A person is not an interested stockholder under the statute if the board of directors approved in advance the transaction by which he otherwise would have become an interested stockholder. However, in approving a transaction, the board of directors may provide that its approval is subject to compliance, at or after the time of approval, with any terms and conditions determined by the board. 
 
 After the five-year prohibition, any business combination between the Maryland corporation and an interested stockholder generally must be recommended by the board of directors of the corporation and approved by the affirmative vote of at least: 
 80 of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of outstanding shares of voting stock of the corporation; and 

two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of voting stock of the corporation other than shares held by the interested stockholder with whom or with whose affiliate the business combination is to be effected or held by an affiliate or associate of the interested stockholder. 

These super-majority vote requirements do not apply if the corporation s common stockholders receive a minimum price, as defined under the Maryland Business Combination Act, for their shares in the form of cash or other consideration in the same form as previously paid by the interested stockholder for its shares. 
 
 - 4 - 
 
 The Maryland Business Combination Act permits various exemptions from its provisions, including business combinations that are exempted by the board of directors before the time that the interested stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. Pursuant to the statute, our board of directors has exempted any business combination involving the initial purchasers of our Series C preferred stock and any affiliate or associate of an initial purchaser being the beneficial owner of not more than 12 of the outstanding common stock of the Company at any time issued and outstanding (determined in accordance with the Maryland Business Combination Act), provided that such beneficial ownership is not with a purpose or effect of changing or influencing control of the Company or in connection with or as a participant in any transaction having that purpose or effect which, as a result thereof would require a filing of a Schedule 13D under the Exchange Act. 
 
 Control Share Acquisitions 
 
 Maryland law provides that control shares of a Maryland corporation acquired in a control share acquisition have no voting rights except to the extent approved by the affirmative vote of holders of two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. Shares owned by the acquiror, by officers or by directors who are employees of the corporation are excluded from shares entitled to vote on the matter. Control shares are voting shares of stock which, if aggregated with all other shares of stock owned by the acquiror or in respect of which the acquiror is able to exercise or direct the exercise of voting power (except solely by virtue of a revocable proxy), would entitle the acquiror to exercise voting power in electing directors within one of the following ranges of voting power: 
 
 one-tenth or more but less than one-third; 

one-third or more but less than a majority; or 

a majority or more of all voting power. 

Control shares do not include shares the acquiring person is then entitled to vote as a result of having previously obtained stockholder approval. A control share acquisition means the acquisition of control shares, subject to certain exceptions. 
 
 A person who has made or proposes to make a control share acquisition may compel the board of directors of the corporation to call a special meeting of stockholders to be held within 50 days of demand to consider the voting rights of the shares. The right to compel the calling of a special meeting is subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, including an undertaking to pay the expenses of the meeting. If no request for a meeting is made, the corporation may itself present the question at any stockholders meeting. 
 
 If voting rights are not approved at the meeting or if the acquiring person does not deliver an acquiring person statement as required by the statute, then the corporation may redeem for fair value any or all of the control shares, except those for which voting rights have previously been approved. The right of the corporation to redeem control shares is subject to certain conditions and limitations. Fair value is determined, without regard to the absence of voting rights for the control shares, as of the date of the last control share acquisition by the acquiror or of any meeting of stockholders at which the voting rights of the shares are considered and not approved. If voting rights for control shares are approved at a stockholders meeting and the acquiror becomes entitled to vote a majority of the shares entitled to vote, all other stockholders may exercise appraisal rights. The fair value of the shares as determined for purposes of appraisal rights may not be less than the highest price per share paid by the acquiror in the control share acquisition. 
 
 The control share acquisition statute does not apply: (a) to shares acquired in a merger, consolidation or share exchange if the corporation is a party to the transaction; or (b) to acquisitions approved or exempted by the charter or bylaws of the corporation. 
 
 Our Bylaws contain a provision exempting from the control share acquisition statute any and all acquisitions by any person of shares of our stock. This provision may be amended or eliminated at any time in the future. 
 
 - 5 - 
 
 Amendment to the Charter 
 
 Our charter may be amended only if advised by our board of directors and approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of not less than two-thirds of all of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. 
 
 Dissolution of the Company 
 
 The dissolution of our Company must be advised by our board of directors and approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of not less than two-thirds of all of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. 
 
 Advance Notice of Director Nominations and New Business 
 
 Our Bylaws provide that with respect to an annual meeting of stockholders, nominations of individuals for election to the board of directors and the proposal of business to be considered by stockholders may be made only (i) pursuant to the Company s notice of meeting, (ii) by or at the direction of the board of directors, or (iii) by a stockholder who was a stockholder of record both at the time of giving of notice by the stockholder as provided for in the Bylaws and at the time of the annual meeting, who is entitled to vote at the meeting in the election of each individual so nominated or on any other such business and who has complied with the advance notice procedures of the Bylaws. With respect to special meetings of stockholders, only the business specified in our notice of the meeting at which directors are to be elected may be brought before the meeting. Nominations of individuals for election to the board of directors at a special meeting at which directors are to be elected may be made only (i) by or at the direction of the board of directors, (ii) by a stockholder that has requested that a special meeting be called for the purpose of electing directors in compliance with the Bylaws and that has supplied the information required by the Bylaws about each individual whom the stockholder proposes to nominate for election as director, or (iii) provided that the special meeting has been called in accordance with the Bylaws for the purpose of electing directors, by any stockholder who is a stockholder of record both at the time of giving of notice provided for in the Bylaws and at the time of the special meeting, who is entitled to vote at the meeting in the election of each individual so nominated and who has complied with the advance notice procedures of the Bylaws. 
 
 Subtitle 8 
 
 Subtitle 8 of Title 3 of the MGCL permits a Maryland corporation with a class of equity securities registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and at least three independent directors to elect to be subject, by provision in its charter or bylaws or a resolution of its board of directors and notwithstanding any contrary provision in the charter or bylaws, to any or all of five provisions: 
 
 a classified board, 

a two-thirds vote requirement for removing a director, 

a requirement that the number of directors be fixed only by vote of the directors, 

a requirement that a vacancy on the board be filled only by the remaining directors and for the remainder of the full term of the class of directors in which the vacancy occurred, and 

a provision that a special meeting of stockholders must be called upon stockholder request only on the written request of stockholders entitled to cast a majority of the votes entitled to be cast at the meeting. 

Through provisions in our charter and Bylaws unrelated to Subtitle 8, we already (a) require a two-thirds vote for the removal of any director from the board, (b) vest in the board the exclusive power to fix the number of directorships, and (c) require, unless called by our Chairman of the Board, CEO, President or Board of Directors, the request of holders entitled to cast a majority of the votes entitled to be cast at the meeting to call a special meeting. 
 
 Anti-takeover Effect of Certain Provisions of Maryland Law and of our Charter and Bylaws 
 
 The business combination provisions and, if the applicable provision in our Bylaws is rescinded, the control share acquisition provisions of Maryland law, the provisions of our charter regarding removal of directors, the votes required to approve extraordinary actions and the advance notice provisions of our Bylaws could delay, defer or 
 - 6 - 
 
 prevent a transaction or a change in control of Life Storage that might involve a premium price for holders of our common stock or otherwise be in their best interest. 
 
 Listing 
 Our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol LSI . 
 - 7 - 

</EX-4>

<EX-10>
 3
 lsi-ex10_12.htm
 EX-10.12

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.12 
 
 OUTSIDE DIRECTOR FEE SCHEDULE 

Annual Board Retainer 
 - 
 80,000 

Non-Executive Chairperson of Board of Directors Fee 
 - 
 85,000 

Specially called meeting fee 
 - 
 1,000 

Audit and Risk Management Committee 

Chair Annual Retainer 
 - 
 20,000 

Member Annual Retainer 
 - 
 10,000 

Compensation and Human Capital Committee 

Chair Annual Retainer 
 - 
 15,000 

Member Annual Retainer 
 - 
 7,500 

Nominating, Governance and Corporate Responsibility Committee 

Chair Annual Retainer 
 - 
 15,000 

Member Annual Retainer 
 - 
 7,500 

85,000 commencing for the 2023-2024 directors' year 
 fee eliminated commencing for the 2023-2024 directors' year 
 10,000 commencing for the 2023-2024 directors' year 
 
 In addition to the fees set forth above, each independent director is granted restricted stock under the 2020 Outside Directors' Stock Award Plan (the 2020 Directors' Plan ). The 2020 Directors' Plan provides each independent director with a grant annually of a number of shares of restricted stock as determined by the Board in its discretion. For the 2022-2023 directors' year, the Board determined that the value of such restricted stock award would be 110,000 to each Outside Director, with the number of shares of restricted stock to be issued being determined based upon dividing such value by the fair market value of a share of Common Stock on the date of grant. The Board has determined that following her/his election at the 2023 Annual Meeting, the changes marked with asterisks above shall be effective, and all other provisions of the 2022-2023 Outside Directors' Fee Schedule remain in effect for the 2023-2024 director year, including that the value of such restricted stock award for the applicable directors' year will be 110,000 to each Outside Director, with the number of shares of restricted stock to be issued being determined based upon dividing such value by the fair market value of a share of Common Stock on the date of grant. 

Under the Company's Deferred Compensation Plan for Directors, an Outside Director may elect to have all or part of director fees credited to a deferred compensation account in the form of units equivalent to shares of the Company's common stock. 
 
 Also, independent directors are provided health insurance coverage on the same terms and conditions as home office employees of the Company. Directors who elect not to participate in the Company's health insurance plan are paid the estimated cash equivalent for such coverage. 

</EX-10>

<EX-21>
 4
 lsi-ex21.htm
 EX-21

EX-21 

Exhibit 21.1 
 Subsidiaries 
 Life Storage LP, a Delaware limited partnership 
 Life Storage Holdings, Inc., a Delaware Corporation 
 Life Storage Solutions, LLC, a New York limited liability company 
 
 The list above excludes consolidated wholly-owned subsidiaries carrying on the same line of business (the ownership and operation of commercial real estate). The list also excludes other subsidiaries which, considered in the aggregate as a single subsidiary, would not constitute a significant subsidiary at December 31, 2022. A total of 55 subsidiaries have been excluded, each of which operates in the United States (other than one subsidiary which operates in the Cayman Islands and three subsidiaries which operate in Canada). 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 5
 lsi-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23 

Exhibit 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements: 
 (1) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-21679) of Sovran Self Storage, Inc., 

(2) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-42272) pertaining to the 1995 Award and Option Plan and to the 1995 Outside Directors Stock Option Plan, 

(3) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-42270) pertaining to the Deferred Compensation Plan for Directors of Sovran Self Storage, Inc., 

(4) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-73806) pertaining to the 1995 Award and Option Plan, 

(5) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-107464) pertaining to the 1995 Outside Directors Stock Option Plan, 

(6) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-138937) pertaining to the 2005 Award and Option Plan, 

(7) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-187351) and related Prospectus of Sovran Self Storage, Inc. for the registration of 3,000,000 shares of its common stock, 

(8) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-195592) and related Prospectus of Sovran Self Storage, Inc. for the registration of common stock, preferred stock, warrants, debt securities and units, 

(9) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-211985 and No. 333-211985-01) and related Prospectus of Sovran Self Storage, Inc. and Sovran Acquisition Limited Partnership for the registration of common stock, preferred stock, warrants, units and guarantees of Life Storage, Inc. and debt securities of Life Storage LP, 

(10) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-225620 and No. 333-225620-1) and related Prospectus of Life Storage, Inc. and Life Storage LP for the registration of common stock, preferred stock, warrants, units and guarantees of Life Storage, Inc. and debt securities of Life Storage LP, 

(11) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-257031 and No. 333-257031-1) and related Prospectus of Life Storage, Inc. and Life Storage LP for the registration of common stock, preferred stock, warrants, units and guarantees of Life Storage, Inc. and debt securities of Life Storage LP, and 

(12) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-268552) pertaining to the 2015 Award and Option Plan, to the 2020 Outside Directors' Stock Award Plan, and to the Amended and Restated 2009 Outside Directors' Stock Option and Award Plan; 

of our reports dated February 24, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and schedule of Life Storage, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Life Storage, Inc. included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Life Storage, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 Buffalo, New York 
 February 24, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-23>
 6
 lsi-ex23_2.htm
 EX-23.2

EX-23 

Exhibit 23.2 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements: 
 (1) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-21679) of Sovran Self Storage, Inc., 

(2) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-42272) pertaining to the 1995 Award and Option Plan and to the 1995 Outside Directors Stock Option Plan, 

(3) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-42270) pertaining to the Deferred Compensation Plan for Directors of Sovran Self Storage, Inc., 

(4) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-73806) pertaining to the 1995 Award and Option Plan, 

(5) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-107464) pertaining to the 1995 Outside Directors Stock Option Plan, 

(6) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-138937) pertaining to the 2005 Award and Option Plan, 

(7) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-187351) and related Prospectus of Sovran Self Storage, Inc. for the registration of 3,000,000 shares of its common stock, 

(8) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-195592) and related Prospectus of Sovran Self Storage, Inc. for the registration of common stock, preferred stock, warrants, debt securities and units, 

(9) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-211985 and No. 333-211985-01) and related Prospectus of Sovran Self Storage, Inc. and Sovran Acquisition Limited Partnership for the registration of common stock, preferred stock, warrants, units and guarantees of Life Storage, Inc. and debt securities of Life Storage LP, 

(10) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-225620 and No. 333-225620-1) and related Prospectus of Life Storage, Inc. and Life Storage LP for the registration of common stock, preferred stock, warrants, units and guarantees of Life Storage, Inc. and debt securities of Life Storage LP, 

(11) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-257031 and No. 333-257031-1) and related Prospectus of Life Storage, Inc. and Life Storage LP for the registration of common stock, preferred stock, warrants, units and guarantees of Life Storage, Inc. and debt securities of Life Storage LP, and 

(12) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-268552) pertaining to the 2015 Award and Option Plan, to the 2020 Outside Directors' Stock Award Plan, and to the Amended and Restated 2009 Outside Directors' Stock Option and Award Plan; 

of our reports dated February 24, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and schedule of Life Storage LP and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Life Storage LP included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Life Storage LP for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 Buffalo, New York 
 February 24, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 7
 lsi-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange 
 Act, as amended 
 I, Joseph V. Saffire, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Life Storage, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this annual report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)), for the registrant and have: 

a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is being prepared; 

b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of this annual report) that has materially affected or is reasonably likely to materially affect the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date: February 24, 2023 

/S/ Joseph V. Saffire 

Joseph V. Saffire 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 8
 lsi-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange 
 Act, as amended 
 I, Alexander Gress, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Life Storage, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this annual report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)), for the registrant and have: 

a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is being prepared; 

b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of this annual report) that has materially affected or is reasonably likely to materially affect the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date: February 24, 2023 

/S/ Alexander Gress 

Alexander Gress 

Secretary, Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 9
 lsi-ex31_3.htm
 EX-31.3

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.3 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange 
 Act, as amended 
 I, Joseph V. Saffire, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Life Storage LP; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this annual report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)), for the registrant and have: 

a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is being prepared; 

b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of this annual report) that has materially affected or is reasonably likely to materially affect the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date: February 24, 2023 

/S/ Joseph V. Saffire 

Joseph V. Saffire 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 10
 lsi-ex31_4.htm
 EX-31.4

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.4 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange 
 Act, as amended 
 I, Alexander Gress, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Life Storage LP; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this annual report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)), for the registrant and have: 

a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is being prepared; 

b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of this annual report) that has materially affected or is reasonably likely to materially affect the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date: February 24, 2023 

/S/ Alexander Gress 

Alexander Gress 

Secretary, Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 11
 lsi-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as 
 adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 Each of the undersigned of Life Storage, Inc. (the Company does hereby certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that: 
 1) The report on Form 10-K of the Company for the annual period ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m); and 
 2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Dated: February 24, 2023 

/S/ Joseph V. Saffire 

Joseph V. Saffire 

Chief Executive Officer 

/S/ Alexander Gress 

Alexander Gress 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 12
 lsi-ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.2 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as 
 adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 Each of the undersigned of Life Storage LP (the Company does hereby certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that: 
 1) The report on Form 10-K of the Company for the annual period ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m); and 
 2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Dated: February 24, 2023 

/S/ Joseph V. Saffire 

Joseph V. Saffire 

Chief Executive Officer 

/S/ Alexander Gress 

Alexander Gress 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 lsi-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 lsi-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.SCH>
 16
 lsi-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 17
 lsi-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.LAB>
 18
 lsi-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

