<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230324_10-K_edgar_data_1638911_0001213900-23-022590.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4056471</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>177773</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>949510</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>904055</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>992109</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>926292</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-022590.hdr.sgml : 20230324
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230324070632
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-022590
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		74
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230324
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230324

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			UAS Drone Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001638911
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	AIRCRAFT [3721]
		IRS NUMBER:				473052410
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55504
		FILM NUMBER:		23757637

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10 HA'RIMON ST.
		STREET 2:		MEVO CARMEL
		CITY:			SCIENCE AND INDUSTRY PARK
		STATE:			L3
		ZIP:			2069203
		BUSINESS PHONE:		011-972-4-8124101

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10 HA'RIMON ST.
		STREET 2:		MEVO CARMEL
		CITY:			SCIENCE AND INDUSTRY PARK
		STATE:			L3
		ZIP:			2069203

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-022590.txt : 20230324

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_uasdronecorp.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D. C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ____________ to
____________ 

Commission File No. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

, , , 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 

Registrant s Telephone Number: +972-4-8124101 

Securities Registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

NONE 

Securities Registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: 

(Title of class) 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by checkmark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past
90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company.
See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filed Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incen- tive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 
No 

State the aggregate market value of the voting
and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the
average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second
fiscal quarter was 8,651,386. 

The aggregate market value of the common stock
held by non-affiliates of the registrant was based on the closing price of 0.188 per share of the Registrant s common
stock on June 30, 2022. 

As of March 23, 2023, there were shares
of common stock, par value 0.0001, of the registrant issued and outstanding. 

Documents Incorporated By Reference: None. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Item No. 
 
 Description 
 
 Page 
 
 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 ii 

PART I 
 
 1 

Item 1. 
 
 Business 
 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 
 
 7 
 
 Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 20 
 
 Item 2. 
 
 Properties 
 
 20 
 
 Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 20 
 
 Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 20 

PART II 
 
 21 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 21 
 
 Item 6. 
 
 [Reserved] 
 
 21 
 
 Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 21 
 
 Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 25 
 
 Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 25 
 
 Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 25 
 
 Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 26 
 
 Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 
 
 27 
 
 Item 9C. 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 27 

PART III 
 
 28 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 28 
 
 Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 31 
 
 Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 34 
 
 Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 36 
 
 Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 36 

PART IV 
 
 37 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 37 
 
 Item 16. 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 39 
 
 Signatures 
 
 40 

i 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on Form
10-K (the Annual Report ), contains forward-looking statements, which includes information relating to future
events, future financial performance, financial projections, strategies, expectations, competitive environment and regulation. Words such
as may, should, could, would, predicts, potential, 
 continue, expects, anticipates, future, intends, plans, 
 believes, estimates, and similar expressions, as well as statements in future tense, identify forward-looking
statements. Forward-looking statements should not be read as a guarantee of future performance or results and may not be accurate indications
of when such performance or results will be achieved. Forward-looking statements are based on information we have when those statements
are made or management s good faith belief as of that time with respect to future events, and are subject to significant risks and
uncertainties that could cause actual performance or results to differ materially from those expressed in or suggested by the forward-looking
statements. Important factors that could cause such differences include, but are not limited to: 

sales of our products; 

the size and growth of our product market; 

our activity in the civilian market; 

our manufacturing capabilities; 

our entering into certain partnerships with third parties; 

obtaining required regulatory approvals for sales or exports of our products; 

our marketing plans; 

our expectations regarding our short- and long-term capital requirements; 

our outlook for the coming months and future periods, including but not limited to our expectations regarding future revenue and expenses; and 

information with respect to any other plans and strategies for our business. 

The foregoing does not represent
an exhaustive list of matters that may be covered by the forward-looking statements contained herein or risk factors that we are faced
with that may cause our actual results to differ from those anticipated in our forward-looking statements. Please see Risk Factors 
for additional risks that could adversely impact our business and financial performance. 

Moreover, new risks regularly
emerge and it is not possible for our management to predict or articulate all the risks we face, nor can we assess the impact of all risks
on our business or the extent to which any risk, or combination of risks, may cause actual results to differ from those contained in any
forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements included in this Annual Report are based on information available to us on
the date of this Annual Report. Except to the extent required by applicable laws or rules, we undertake no obligation to publicly update
or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. All subsequent written and
oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary
statements contained above and throughout this Annual Report. 

In this Annual Report, unless
otherwise specified, all dollar amounts are expressed in United States dollars. Except as otherwise indicated by the context, references
in this Annual Report to UAS, we, us and our are references to UAS Drone Corp.,
a Nevada corporation, together with its consolidated subsidiaries. 

ii 

PART I 

Item 1. Business. 

Corporate Overview 

We are a robotics company
dedicated to the development of an advanced robotics system that enables remote, real-time, pinpoint accurate firing of small arms and
light weapons as well as other civilian applications with an emphasis on the field of infrastructure maintenance. Our advanced robotics
system is able to achieve pinpoint accuracy regardless of the movement of the weapons platform or the target. 

We were founded in 2014 as
Unlimited Aerial Systems, LLP UAS LLP ), and until the consummation of the Share Exchange Agreement (as hereinafter defined),
we were a developer and manufacturer of commercial unmanned aerial systems, or drones, with the goal of providing a superior Quadrotor
aerial platform at an affordable price point in the law enforcement and first responder markets. 

On March 9, 2020, we closed
on the Share Exchange Agreement (the Share Exchange Agreement ), pursuant to which Duke Robotics, Inc., a Delaware corporation Duke became our majority-owned subsidiary (the Share Exchange ). Such closing date is referred to as the
 Effective Time. As a result of the Share Exchange, the Company adopted the business plan of Duke. 

On April 29, 2020, we, Duke,
and UAS Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation and our wholly-owned subsidiary UAS Sub ), executed an Agreement and Plan
of Merger (the Merger Agreement ), pursuant to which UAS Sub was to merge, upon the satisfaction of customary closing conditions,
with and into Duke, with Duke surviving as our wholly-owned subsidiary (the Short-Form Merger ). Pursuant to the Merger Agreement,
we acquired the remaining outstanding shares of Duke held by those certain Duke shareholders that did not participate in the Share Exchange.
On June 25, 2020, Duke filed a Certificate of Merger with the State of Delaware, and consequently, Duke became our wholly-owned subsidiary
and the Short-Form Merger was consummated. 

Duke has a wholly-owned subsidiary,
Duke Airborne Systems Ltd. Duke Israel ), which was formed under the laws of the State of Israel in March 2014 and became
the sole subsidiary of Duke after its incorporation. Our mailing address is 10 HaRimon Street, Mevo Carmel Science and Industrial Park,
Israel 2069203, and our telephone number is 011-972-4-8124101. Our web site address is https://dukeroboticsys.com/. 

Effective as of October 22,
2020, the Company s common stock began to be quoted on the OTCQB tier Venture Market, under the symbol USDR . 

Company Overview 

Until the consummation of
the Share Exchange, we were a developer and manufacturer of commercial unmanned aerial systems, or drones, with the goal of providing
a superior Quadrotor aerial platform at an affordable price point in the law enforcement and first responder markets. Following the Share
Exchange, we adopted the business plan of Duke. Duke is a robotics company dedicated to the development of an advanced robotics stabilization
system that enables remote, real-time, pinpoint accurate firing of small arms and light weapons as well as other civilian applications
with an emphasis on the field of infrastructure maintenance. Our advanced robotics system is able to achieve pinpoint accuracy regardless
of the movement of the weapons platform or the target. 

1 

Although the first product
has been designed to be used by an unmanned aerial system (a UAS ), the robotic solutions are also adaptable to other military
vehicles, boats and stationary environments, as well as civilian purposes, such as, high definition, high-end stabilized cameras. We believe
that the system is to small arms and light weapons (e.g., weapons weighing less than 9 kilograms, or kg, or approximately 19.9 pounds)
as drones are to air-to-ground missiles. 

We have completed our first
generation of our robotic systems. Prior to marketing our systems to potential customers, for security reasons, we are required to obtain
various governmental approvals for each sale. We have filed marketing applications with the Israeli Ministry of Defense IMOD and as a result thereof, currently hold marketing approvals for about 50 countries, including the United States. Currently, our commercialization
efforts are primarily focused on the U.S. market, with secondary efforts outside of the United States focused primarily on Western Europe. 

On January 29, 2021, we, through
Duke Israel, and Elbit Systems Land Ltd., an Israeli corporation Elbit ), entered into a collaboration agreement (the Collaboration
Agreement for the global marketing and sales, and the production and further development of our developed advanced robotic system
mounted on an UAS, armed with lightweight firearms, which we market under the commercial name TIKAD. Following the Collaboration
Agreement, we are in the process of evaluating additional different applications for use of our technology and know-how including for
its use in the civilian market. 

On May 11, 2021, we entered
into securities purchase agreements with eight non-U.S. investors in a private placement offering in which we agreed to issue and sell
an aggregate of: (i) 12,500,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share at a price of 0.40 per share; and (ii) warrants to
purchase 12,500,000 Company s Common Stock. The warrants were exercisable immediately and for a term of 18 months and had an exercise
price of 0.40 per share. The aggregate gross proceeds from the offering was approximately 5,000,000 and the offering closed on May 11,
2021. On April 5, 2022, we amended the terms of the warrants such that they now expire on November 11, 2023. 

On May 27, 2021, our board
of directors approved the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2021 Plan pursuant to which the Company may issue awards,
from time to time, consisting of non-qualified stock options, restricted stock grants and restricted stock units RSUs ).
In addition, stock option awards that qualify under Section 102 of the Israeli Tax Ordinance (New Version) 1961 (the ITO ),
and/or under Section 3(i) of the ITO, may be granted. 

On June 15, 2021, we announced
that Duke Israel received a notice of allowance from the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office for a patent titled Stabilization System 
regarding its stabilization technology incorporated in its advanced robotic system. 

On
August 15, 2022, we announced that Duke Israel, introduced the IC Drone, a drone technology for conducting routine maintenance of critical
infrastructure, and has signed a collaboration and development agreement with the Israel Electric Corporation Ltd. (IEC), a public
and 99 government-owned company, to provide drone-enabled systems for
cleaning electric utility cable insulators. 

Market Opportunity 

Despite of Russia s
invasion of Ukraine and the Nagorno-Karabakh conflict between Armenia and Azerbaijan, the classic confrontation of army against army
has become rare, while guerilla (or asymmetric) warfare has unfortunately become commonplace. Further, the foreign policy of the United
States and other countries is increasingly designed around the parameter of not employing boots on the ground while at the
same time minimizing collateral damage. The United States and other countries around the world have significantly increased their use
of UASs for intelligence gathering, surveillance and tactical applications, such as delivery of heavy ordnance bombs and missiles. The
use of UASs to fire small arms and light weapons from the air, however, has not yet become a viable option. Our technology thus addresses
a crucial need of modern warfare to bring a wide range of weapons other than bombs and missiles to bear on remote hostile targets without
risk to the military personnel deploying the weapons, while at the same time minimizing collateral damage. In addition, the rapid evolution
of small, unmanned air systems sUAS technologies, along with their size and low cost, enables novel concepts of employment
that present challenges to current defense systems, creating new asymmetric threats for warfighters. Our system also addresses this crucial
need for counter sUAS solutions and offers a kinetic interception, or drone kill drone, capability for defeating enemy sUAS. 

Our system was designed with
input from veterans of Israel s elite special mission units. It is operated intuitively via a touch-based tablet, which serves as
its control unit. Minimal prior training is required in order to operate the robot. In June 2016, our robot mounted on our UAS Octocopter
platform was awarded the top prize at the Combating Terrorism Technology Conference sponsored by the United States Defense Department s
Combating Terrorism Technical Support Office, Israel s Ministry of Defense Directorate of Defense Research and Development and the
MIT Enterprise Forum of Israel. 

2 

Products 

UAS Octocopter Integrated with Six Degrees
of Freedom 6 DOF Robotic Gimbal 

Our special purpose UAS Octocopter
(DK-HIPPOGRIFF) integrates for operational usage with our 6 DOF robot and is intended primarily for Military and homeland security purposes.
Our lightweight robot allows accurate firing from various configurations consisting of UAS-mounted, land-mounted on light all-terrain
vehicles and sea-mounted on boats. The robot is mounted on our UAS Octocopter platform, a combined system which we market under the commercial
name TIKAD. 

In addition to the various
configurations and mounting options, the robots also permit the utilization of a wide range of small arms, light weapons and shotguns,
with lethal and less lethal ammunition, with a maximum weight of nine (9) kilograms (approximately twenty (20) pounds). The combination
of our robot, along with our stabilization platform and software, provides a unique firing platform that permits precision firing regardless
of weather conditions or other variables. 

Additionally, our robot may
also be utilized as a ground sniper platform. Since the robot is a standalone unit, it can be mounted on a patrol or attack vehicle or
be positioned at a strategic location. The capability of remote operation without the need to expose the operator to tactical danger can
replace troops in different settings. This capability may reduce the number of casualties due to friendly fire incidents
and may also significantly reduce exposure and risk to combat troops. Our robot is controlled by a remote-control device that permits
the user to exert full control over its functions, including arming the robot as well as control the firing mechanism. 

Our
lightweight robot can also be used for civilian purposes and bring solutions that do not yet exist for different tasks that require high-end
stabilization, such as: vertical takeoff and landing VTOL robotic landing gear for drones, VTOL aircrafts and medical
aid robotic uses and for maintenance and monitoring of different essential infrastructures, such as cleaning electric utility cable insulators.
We expect our sales of the robot to increase as additional product options expand. We will also address, as needed, evolving regulation
of civilian UASs. 

3 

TIKAD mounted with M4 5.56mm Assault Rifle and
the Control Unit 

Assembly and Testing 

While we maintain the ability
to assemble our robots and UAS Octocopter at our facility in Israel, we currently outsource the assembly and production to third-party
manufacturers, from which we also purchase supplies and custom-made machined parts required for the production of our robots and UAS Octocopter.
We currently source our parts and materials from approximately twenty (20) suppliers located primarily in the United States, Europe, Israel
and China. We are not, however, dependent on any single manufacturer. In addition, while the components we purchase are built according
to our specific designs and requests, we believe the components and materials we purchase are common in nature and can easily be obtained
from alternative suppliers, if necessary. Components are tested and approved against the expected points of failure during extended and
aggressive operations. For example, we test items such as the load carrying capacity of our products as well as various software components.
After the lab testing phase, the robot and UASs undergoes a series of field tests which examine the operation of each function. Results
are combined with multi-phased airborne testing. 

In addition, we have not
executed supply agreements with our third-party suppliers. More importantly, our proprietary and confidential complex kinematic algorithms
and control software is our most valuable intellectual property. We have built an in-house laboratory to support the assembly and commercialization
of our products. We believe that the current size and capacity of our in-house laboratory, located at our facilities in Israel, will
be sufficient to support all of our commercialization activities in the near future. 

Market Strategy 

We expect that our growth
will initially derive from sales of TIKAD (our robot mounted on UAS Octocopter platform), and later from sales of our robot mounted on
other platforms, such as light all-terrain vehicles and sea-mounted on boats [Civilian products? ]. 

Focus on sales in the United States . We believe that the United States military will be our lead and reference customer. The United States alone presents a significant and diverse market opportunity - special operation forces units, various counter-terrorism (federal, state and city) units, regular local police forces (the use of less-lethal weapons), U.S. Army, National Guard, U.S. Navy, Coast Guard and the Border Police. 

Sales to NATO . We believe adoption of our products in the United States will open the markets in countries that are U.S. allies such as the NATO countries. 

Civilian Market . We believe that our robot, due to its novel and unique capabilities, including stabilization of six degrees of freedom in real-time, can bring solutions that do not yet exists for different tasks that require high end stabilization, such as VTOL robotic landing gear for drones and aircraft that enables take-offs and landings on uneven terrain and on steep slopes and medical uses for robotic procedures which need high accuracy. 

Intellectual Property 

Our success depends, at least
in part, on our ability to protect our proprietary technology and intellectual property, and to operate without infringing or violating
the proprietary rights of others. We rely on a combination of trade secrets, know-how, and other contractual rights (including confidentiality
and invention assignment agreements) to protect our intellectual property rights. We also restrict access to our sensitive intellectual
property information to our most senior management. 

To protect certain key technologies,
we have submitted a U.S. patent Application for stabilization system patents, which is pending. We do not know whether any of our current
or future patent applications will result in the issuance of any patents. 

4 

Sales and Marketing 

Marketing and sales efforts
are currently concentrated on TIKAD [Civilian products? ]. Our robot has been designated as a unique system by the IMOD and has received
official approval as the sole supplier of this solution to the IMOD. The IMOD has also publicly endorsed our combined robotic and UAS
system, which we market under the commercial name TIKAD, as an innovative future battlefield technology that may be implemented by the
Israeli Defense Forces (the IDF ). 

We are currently in the process
of building up our sales and marketing infrastructure primarily in the United States. This includes cooperation with agents, distributors
and resellers of products that are experienced in our market. We have engaged an experienced U.S.-based strategic consultant for U.S.
Government and Customer relations with a proven track record in the Defense market. We intend to focus our sales efforts in the United
States because the U.S. military in general and special operation forces units in particular are expected to be our largest customers,
both in our early commercialization stage and for the foreseeable future. 

On January 29, 2021 we, through
Duke Israel, and Elbit entered in the Collaboration Agreement. Pursuant to the Collaboration Agreement, Duke Israel has granted Elbit
a worldwide exclusive license for the use of Duke Israel s know-how and intellectual property and the marketing, sales, production,
and further development of the TIKAD for military, defense, homeland security, and para-military uses. As consideration for granting the
worldwide exclusive license, Elbit will pay Duke Israel royalties from revenues received from worldwide sales of TIKAD, with royalty rates
ranging from low to mid-double-figure percentages, depending on the tiers of the selling price of TIKAD, for a period starting from the
date of the Collaboration Agreement until 15 years following receipt of 50 million in cumulative revenues from sales of TIKAD units.
In addition, Duke Israel agreed to pay Elbit similar rates of royalties for revenues received by Duke from sales of its advanced robotic
system for civil use, if such systems will include new know-how developed by Elbit. 

On June 15, 2021, we announced
that our wholly owned Israeli subsidiary, Duke Airborne Systems Ltd., received a notice of allowance from the U.S. Patent and Trademark
Office for a patent titled Stabilization System regarding its stabilization technology incorporated in its advanced robotic
system. 

Competition 

While we believe that our
products are novel, and that we have unique knowledge of military operational demands and challenges and years of developing complex military
airborne systems and advanced robotics, the defense industry is a competitive environment. Competition is based on product and program
performance, price, reputation, reliability, life cycle costs, overall value to the customer and responsiveness to customer requirements.
This includes the ability to respond to rapid changes in technology. In addition, our competitive position sometimes may be affected by
specific requirements in particular geographic and product markets. 

Continuing consolidation in
the defense industry has affected competition. In addition, many major prime contractors are increasing their in-house capabilities. These
factors have decreased the number but increased the relative size and resources of our competitors. We plan to continually adapt to market
conditions by adjusting our business strategy to changing market conditions. In addition, we plan to seek to enter into strategic partnership
and cooperation agreements that we believe can assist us in overcoming the challenges of competing in our industry. We also anticipate
continued competition in defense markets due to declining defense budgets in many countries. 

Our competitors, either alone
or through their strategic partners, might have substantially greater name recognition and financial, technical, manufacturing, marketing
and human resources than we do. These entities may also have significantly greater experience and infrastructure in commercializing defense
products, obtaining regulatory approval for those products and commercializing those products around the world. 

5 

Government Regulation 

Government Contracting
Regulations. We operate under laws, regulations and administrative rules governing defense and other government contracts,
mainly in Israel and the United States. Some of these carry major penalty provisions for non-compliance, including disqualification from
participating in future contracts. In addition, our participation in governmental procurement processes in Israel, the United States and
other countries is subject to specific regulations governing the conduct of the process of procuring defense and homeland security contracts. 

Israeli Export Regulations. Israel s
defense export policy regulates the sale of a number of our systems and products. Current Israeli policy encourages exports to approved
customers of defense systems and products such as ours, as long as the export is consistent with Israeli government policy. Subject to
certain exemptions, a license is required to initiate marketing activities. We also must receive a specific export license for defense
related hardware, software and technology exported from Israel. Israeli law also regulates export of dual use items (items
that are typically sold in the commercial market but that also may be used in the defense market). We have filed marketing applications
with the IMOD and have already received marketing approvals for about fifty (50) countries including the U.S. It is expected that in the
mid-term more than seventy-five (75 of our revenue will be derived from exports subject to Israeli export regulations. 

Approval of Israeli
Defense Acquisition. The Israeli Defense Entities Law (Protection of Defense Interests) establishes conditions for the approval
of an acquisition or transfer of control of an entity that is determined to be an Israeli defense entity under the terms
of the law. Designation as a defense entity is to occur through an order to be issued jointly by the Israeli Prime Minister,
Defense Minister and Economy Minister. Although no such orders relating to us have been issued as of the date hereof, it is possible that
our Israeli subsidiary may be designated as a defense entity under the law. An order (pursuant to the law) would establish
conditions and restrictions regarding non-Israeli control of our Israeli subsidiary. For example, Israeli government approval might be
required for acquisition of twenty-five percent (25 or more of the voting securities or a smaller percentage of shares of common stock
that grant means of control in the Company, if such were to directly affect the control of our Israeli subsidiary. Means
of Control for the purposes of the law includes the right to control the vote at a shareholders meeting or to appoint a director. 

Approval of U.S. and
Other Defense Acquisitions. Many countries in addition to Israel also require governmental approval of acquisitions of local
defense companies or assets by foreign entities. Mergers and acquisitions of certain types of defense related businesses in the U.S. are
subject to the Foreign Investment and National Security Act FINSA ). Under FINSA, foreign acquisitions of certain types
of defense related businesses in the U.S. require review, and in some cases approval, by the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United
States CFIUS ). In that regard, if a foreign entity attempts to acquire us or all of our domestic assets, such transactions
may be subject to FINSA, and in certain instances CFIUS has the authority to order divestment and cancellation of the transaction. 

Buy American 
Laws. The U.S. Buy American laws impose price differentials or prohibitions on procurement of products purchased
under U.S. government programs. The price differentials or prohibitions apply to products that are not made in the United States or that
do not contain U.S. components making up at least fifty percent (50 of the total cost of all components in the product. However, a Memorandum
of Agreement between the United States and Israeli governments waives the Buy American laws for specified products, including
most of the products we are currently selling in the United States. 

Procurement Regulations. Solicitations
for procurements by governmental purchasing agencies in Israel, the United States and other countries are governed by laws, regulations
and procedures relating to procurement integrity, including avoiding conflicts of interest, corruption, human trafficking and conflict
minerals in the procurement process. Such regulations also include provisions relating to information assurance and for the avoidance
of counterfeit parts in the supply chain. 

Anti-Bribery Regulations. We
conduct operations in a number of markets that are considered high risk from an anti-bribery compliance perspective. Laws and regulations
such as the Israel Penal Code, the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development OECD Convention on Combating
Bribery of Foreign Public Officials in International Business Transactions, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act
and corresponding legislation in other countries, prohibit providing personal benefits or bribes to government officials in connection
with the governmental procurement process. Israeli defense exporters, like ourselves, are required to maintain an anti-bribery compliance
program, including specific procedures, record keeping and training. 

6 

Audit Regulations. The
IMOD may audit our books and records relating to its contracts with us. Our books and records and other aspects of projects that will
be related to the U.S. defense contracts will be subject to audit by U.S. government audit agencies. Such audits review compliance with
government contracting cost accounting and other applicable standards. If discrepancies are found this could result in a downward adjustment
of the applicable contract s price. Some other customers have similar rights under specific contract provisions. 

Civil Aviation Regulations. Several
of our products for commercial aviation applications are subject to flight safety and airworthiness standards of the U.S. Federal Aviation
Administration and similar civil aviation authorities in Israel, Europe and other countries. 

Environmental, Health
and Safety Regulations. We are subject to a variety of environmental, health and safety laws and regulations in the jurisdictions
in which we have operations. This includes regulations relating to air, water and ground contamination, hazardous waste disposal and other
areas with a potential environmental or safety impact. 

Employees 

We currently have one full-time
employee, our Chief Executive Officer, and two (2) executive officers, our Chief Technology Officer and our Chief Financial Officer. We
hire freelance contractors and consultants in order to limit our operating expenses and therefore allowing us to scale as necessary. We
maintain long-term relationships with these freelance contractors and consultants. 

All of our consulting agreements
include undertakings with respect to non-competition and assignment to us of intellectual property rights developed in the course of employment
and confidentiality. The enforceability of such provisions is limited for some employees by Israeli law. 

We
are also currently a smaller reporting company, meaning that we are not an investment company, an asset-backed issuer, or
a majority-owned subsidiary of a parent company that is not a smaller reporting company and have a public float of less than 75 million
and annual revenues of less than 50 million during the most recently completed fiscal year. As a smaller reporting company 
we are able to provide simplified executive compensation disclosures in their filings; are exempt from the provisions of Section 404(b)
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requiring that independent registered public accounting firms
provide an attestation report on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting; and have certain other decreased disclosure
obligations in their SEC filings, including, among other things, only being required to provide two years of audited financial statements
in annual reports. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

The following risk factors,
among others, could affect our actual results of operations and could cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed
in forward-looking statements made by us. These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and except as required by
law we assume no obligation to update this information. You should carefully consider the risks described below and elsewhere in this
Annual Report before making an investment decision. Our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely
affected by any of these risks. Our common stock is considered speculative and the trading price of our common stock could decline due
to any of these risks, and you may lose all or part of your investment. The following risk factors are not the only risk factors facing
our Company. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also affect our business. 

7 

Risks Related to our Business and Industry 

We have a limited operating history and
have generated limited revenues to date. 

Our limited operating history
makes evaluating the business and future prospects difficult and may increase the risk of your investment. Our operating subsidiary in
Israel was formed in March 2014. To date, we have generated limited revenues and have not yet begun meaningful commercialization efforts
with respect to our products. We intend in the long-term to derive substantial revenues from the sales of our products as well as future
models of other robots and our UAS platforms for both military and civilian use, but there can be no assurance that we will be able to
do so. 

We may not be able to obtain adequate financing
to continue our operations. 

We expect that we will need
to raise additional funds to continue the design, manufacture, sale and servicing of our TIKAD as well as develop future robot products
and other platforms for the implementation of our robot. We believe that we will need to raise additional capital in the future to fund
our research and development and commercialization efforts. If we seek to raise additional capital, we may do so through the issuance
of equity, equity-related, or debt securities or through obtaining credit from government or financial institutions or other persons.
This capital will be necessary to fund ongoing operations, continue research, development and design efforts, establish a sales infrastructure
and make the investments in tooling and equipment required to develop and manufacture our products. Moreover, the terms of any financing
may adversely affect the holdings or the rights of holders of our securities and the issuance of additional securities, whether equity
or debt, by us, or the possibility of such issuance, may cause the market price of our common shares to decline. The incurrence of indebtedness
could result in increased fixed payment obligations, and we may be required to agree to certain restrictive covenants, such as limitations
on our ability to incur additional debt, limitations on our ability to acquire, sell or license intellectual property rights and other
operating restrictions that could adversely impact our ability to conduct our business. We could also be required to seek funds through
arrangements with collaborative partners or otherwise at an earlier stage than otherwise would be desirable, and we may be required to
relinquish rights to some of our technologies or product candidates or otherwise agree to terms unfavorable to us, any of which may have
a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and prospects. Even if we believe that we have sufficient funds for our current
or future operating plans, we may seek additional capital if market conditions are favorable or if we have specific strategic considerations. 

We have inadequate capital and need for
additional financing to accomplish our business and strategic plans. Terms of subsequent financing, if any, may adversely impact your
investment. 

We have limited funds, and
such funds are not fully adequate to fully support our future development and business plans. Our ultimate success may depend on our ability
to raise additional capital. In the absence of additional financing or significant revenues and profits, the Company will have to approach
its business plan from a much different and much more restricted direction, attempting to secure additional funding sources to fund its
growth, borrowing money from lenders or elsewhere or to take other actions to attempt to provide funding. 

We may have to engage in common
equity, debt, or preferred stock financings in the future. Your rights and the value of your investment in the common stock could be reduced
by the dilution caused by future equity issuances. Interest on debt securities could increase costs and negatively impact operating results.
In the event we are permitted to issue preferred stock pursuant to the terms of our articles of incorporation, preferred stock could be
issued in series from time to time with such designation, rights, preferences, and limitations as needed to raise capital. The terms of
preferred stock would be more advantageous to those investors than to the holders of common stock. In addition, if we need to raise more
equity capital from the sale of common stock, institutional or other investors may negotiate terms possibly less favorable to us, and
thereby adversely impact your investment. Shares of common stock which we sell from time to time could be sold into any market that develops,
which could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 

8 

Our revenues will depend heavily on government contracts 

We expect to derive most of
our immediate future revenues directly or indirectly from government agencies, mainly the U.S. Department of Defense DoD ).
In addition, we offer our products to IMOD and intend to offer these to other governmental and quasi-governmental agencies around the
world, including U.S. allies such as the NATO and equivalent authorities of various countries pursuant to contracts awarded to us under
defense and homeland security-related programs. Technology products from foreign countries have an inherent disadvantage against domestic
offerings. The funding of government programs could be reduced or eliminated due to numerous factors, including geo-political events and
macro-economic conditions that are beyond our control. Reduction or elimination of government spending under our contracts would imperil
the sales of our products and may cause a negative effect on our revenues, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. 

We face other risks in our expected international
sales. 

We expect to derive a significant
portion of our revenues ultimately from international sales. Changes in international, political, economic or geographic events could
cause significant reductions in our revenues, which could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition
to the other risks from international operations set forth elsewhere in these Risk Factors, some of the risks of doing business internationally
include imposition of tariffs and other trade barriers and restrictions, political and economic instability in the countries of our customers
and suppliers, changes in diplomatic and trade relationships and increasing instances of terrorism worldwide. Due to our subsidiary being
located in the State of Israel, some of these risks may be affected by Israel s overall political situation. (See Risks Related
to Israeli Law and Our Operations in Israel below.) 

We may experience production delays if suppliers
fail to make compliant or timely deliveries . 

The manufacturing process
for some of our products largely consists of the assembly, integration and testing of purchased components. If a supplier stops delivery
of such components, finding another source could result in added cost and manufacturing delays. Moreover, if our subcontractors fail to
meet their design, delivery schedule or other obligations we could be held liable by our customers, and we may be unable to obtain full
or partial recovery from our subcontractors for those liabilities. The foregoing risks could have a material adverse effect on our operating
results. 

If we fail to manage growth or to prepare
for product scalability effectively, it could have an adverse effect on our employee efficiency, product quality, working capital levels
and results of operations . 

Any significant growth in the market for our products or our entry
into new markets may require an expansion of our employee base for managerial, operational, financial, and other purposes. As of March
23, 2023, we had one full-time employee, our Chief Executive Officer, and have two (2) executive officers, our Chief Technology Officer
and our Chief Financial Officer. During any period of growth, we may face problems related to our operational and financial systems and
controls, including quality control and delivery and service capacities. We would also need to continue to expand, train and manage our
employee base. Continued future growth will impose significant added responsibilities upon the members of management to identify, recruit,
maintain, integrate, and motivate new employees. 

Aside from increased difficulties
in the management of human resources, we may also encounter working capital issues, as we will need increased liquidity to finance the
development of new products, and the hiring of additional employees. For effective growth management, we will be required to continue
improving our operations, management, and financial systems and controls. Our failure to manage growth effectively may lead to operational
and financial inefficiencies that will have a negative effect on our profitability. We cannot assure investors that we will be able to
timely and effectively meet that demand and maintain the quality standards required by our existing and potential customers. 

9 

We have applied for a patent for certain
of our key technologies and may apply for additional patents in the future. Our ability to protect our intellectual property and proprietary
technology is uncertain and may be inadequate, which may have a material and adverse effect on us. 

Our success depends significantly
on our ability to protect our proprietary rights to the technologies used in our products. We applied for a patent with the United States
Office Patent and Trademark Office to protect certain of our key technologies, however, we cannot assure you that we will be able to control
all of the rights for all of our intellectual property. We do not know whether any of our current or future patent applications, if any,
will result in the issuance of any patents. Even issued patents may be challenged, invalidated or circumvented. Patents may not provide
a competitive advantage or afford protection against competitors with similar technology. Competitors or potential competitors may have
filed applications for, or may have received patents and may obtain additional and proprietary rights to compounds or processes used by
or competitive with ours. Both the patent application process and the process of managing patent disputes can be time-consuming and expensive.
Competitors may be able to design around our patents or develop products which provide outcomes which are comparable or may even be superior
to ours. 

In the event a competitor
infringes upon our intellectual property rights, enforcing those rights may be costly, uncertain, difficult and time consuming. Even if
successful, litigation to enforce our intellectual property rights or to defend our patents against challenge could be expensive and time
consuming and could divert our management s attention. We may not have sufficient resources to enforce our intellectual property
rights or to defend our patents rights against a challenge. The failure to obtain patents and/or protect our intellectual property rights
could have a material and adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

In addition, we have taken
steps to protect our intellectual property and proprietary technology, including entering into confidentiality agreements and intellectual
property assignment agreements with all of our executive officers, employees, consultants and advisors, however, such agreements may not
provide meaningful protection for our trade secrets or other proprietary information in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure or
other breaches of the agreements. Furthermore, the laws of foreign countries may not protect our intellectual property rights to the same
extent as do the laws of the United States. However, we have not executed confidentiality agreement or non-compete agreements with our
third-party suppliers and there is no restriction on their working with our competitors or selling our component designs to other parties.
In that regard, we deem our complex kinematic algorithms and control software to be our most valuable intellectual property and is done
in-house only with no sub-contractor involved. 

We may become subject to claims of infringement
or misappropriation of the intellectual property rights of others, which could prohibit us from developing our products, require us to
obtain licenses from third parties or to develop non-infringing alternatives and subject us to substantial monetary damages. 

Third parties could, in the
future, assert infringement or misappropriation claims against us with respect to products we develop. Whether a product infringes a patent
or misappropriates other intellectual property involves complex legal and factual issues, the determination of which is often uncertain.
Therefore, we cannot be certain that we have not infringed the intellectual property rights of others. Our potential competitors may assert
that some aspect of our product infringes their patents. Because patent applications may take years to issue, there also may be applications
now pending of which we are unaware that may later result in issued patents upon which our products could infringe. There also may be
existing patents or pending patent applications of which we are unaware upon which our products may inadvertently infringe. 

Any infringement or misappropriation
claim could cause us to incur significant costs, place significant strain on our financial resources, divert management s attention
from our business and harm our reputation. If the relevant patents in such claim were upheld as valid and enforceable and we were found
to infringe them, we could be prohibited from selling any product that is found to infringe unless we could obtain licenses to use the
technology covered by the patent or are able to design around the patent. We may be unable to obtain such a license on terms acceptable
to us, if at all, and we may not be able to redesign our products to avoid infringement. A court could also order us to pay compensatory
damages for such infringement, plus prejudgment interest and could, in addition, treble the compensatory damages and award attorney fees.
These damages could be substantial and could harm our reputation, business, financial condition and operating results. A court also could
enter orders that temporarily, preliminarily or permanently enjoin us and our customers from making, using, or selling products, and could
enter an order mandating that we undertake certain remedial activities. Depending on the nature of the relief ordered by the court, we
could become liable for additional damages to third parties. 

10 

The sale of our products is subject to various
regulatory requirements of the Israeli Ministry of Defense and will also be subject to regulatory requirements in countries in which we
seek to sell our products. 

Due to the fact that we sell
products used that may be purchased in the defense and/ or military industry, and otherwise conduct business with the IMOD, we may be
required to obtain approval from the IMOD with respect to each agreement for the sale of our products. In that regard, we are required
to secure the approval of the IMOD prior to offering the sale of our products to any third party. In addition, we are required to obtain
approvals from the IMOD prior to the execution and performance of any such agreement. If we fail to obtain approvals in the future, if
approvals previously obtained are revoked or expire and are not renewed or if government policies change, our ability to sell our products
and services to customers would be impacted, resulting in a material adverse effect on our business, revenues, assets, liabilities and
results of operations. 

Risks Related to our Common Stock 

In connection with the Share Exchange, Duke
obtained a ruling (the Ruling from the Israeli Tax Authority with regard to the exemption of the Share Exchange from being
considered as a tax event for Israeli stockholder of Duke. The Ruling we obtained in connection with the Share Exchange imposes conditions
that may limit our flexibility in operating our business and our ability to enter into certain corporate transactions. 

The Ruling we obtained in
connection with the Share Exchange imposes a number of conditions that limit our flexibility in operating our business and in engaging
in certain corporate transactions. In accordance with the terms of the Ruling, until the two-year anniversary of the Effective Time, we
agreed to maintain (and, to the extent that our operations expand, likewise expand) the same economic activity for the Company after the
Share Exchange as conducted by Duke prior to such transaction and that the Israeli Duke stockholders continue to hold at least twenty-five
percent (25 of their holding in the Company s issued and outstanding stock at the Effective Time. Under certain circumstances,
these conditions may not allow us the flexibility that we need to operate our business and may prevent us from taking advantage of strategic
opportunities that would benefit our business and our stockholders. 

Our executive officer, directors and certain
stockholders who are beneficial owners of more than 5 of our outstanding common shares possess the majority of our voting power, and
through this ownership, have the ability to control our Company and our corporate actions. 

Following the Share Exchange,
our current executive officer and directors hold approximately 22 of the issued and outstanding voting power of the Company s outstanding
shares. These persons have a controlling influence in determining the outcome of any corporate transaction or other matters submitted
to our stockholders for approval, including mergers, consolidations and the sale of all or substantially all of our assets, election of
directors, and other significant corporate actions. As such, our directors and executive officer may have the power, acting alone or together,
to prevent or cause a change in control; therefore, without their consent we could be prevented from entering into transactions that could
be beneficial to us. The interests of our executive officer may give rise to a conflict of interest with the Company and the Company s
shareholders. 

In addition, we have a number
of stockholders who are beneficial owners of more than 5 of our outstanding common shares, as of the Effective Time, including one such
shareholder who beneficially owns approximately 34 of our issued and outstanding shares, and as such, also may have the ability to prevent
us from entering into transactions that could be beneficial to us and/or other shareholders. In addition, we have one additional non-affiliated
stockholder who beneficially owns more than 5 of our outstanding common shares. Although none of these non-affiliated stockholders currently
have a controlling influence in determining the outcome of any corporate transaction or other matters submitted to our stockholders for
approval, including mergers, consolidations and the sale of all or substantially all of our assets, election of directors, and other significant
corporate actions, obtaining their vote on certain matters may be necessary to effect certain actions that our management and directors
otherwise deem to be in the best interests of the Company. 

11 

There is a substantial lack of liquidity
of our common stock and volatility risks. 

Our common stock is traded
on the over-the-counter market with quotations published on the OTC Markets Group, Inc. s OTCQB tier Venture Market, under the symbol
 USDR. The trading volume of our common stock historically has been limited and sporadic, and the stock prices have been
volatile. As a result of the limited and sporadic trading activity, the quoted price for our common stock on the over-the-counter market
is not necessarily a reliable indicator of its fair market value. The price at which our common stock will trade in the future may be
highly volatile and may fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, including, without limitation, any potential business combination
that we announce, as well as the number of shares available for sale in the market. 

The trading volume of our
common stock may be limited and sporadic. This situation is attributable to a number of factors, including the fact that we are a small
company which is relatively unknown to stock analysts, stock brokers, institutional investors and others in the investment community that
generate or influence sales volume, and that even if we came to the attention of such persons, they tend to be risk-averse and would be
reluctant to follow an unproven company such as ours or purchase or recommend the purchase of our shares until such time as we became
more seasoned and viable. As a consequence, there may be periods of several days or more when trading activity in our shares is minimal
or non-existent, as compared to a seasoned issuer which has a large and steady volume of trading activity that will generally support
continuous sales without an adverse effect on share price. We cannot give you any assurance that a broader or more active public trading
market for our common stock will develop or be sustained, or that current trading levels will be sustained. As a result of such trading
activity, the quoted price for our common stock on the OTCQB may not necessarily be a reliable indicator of our fair market value. In
addition, if our shares of common stock cease to be quoted, holders would find it more difficult to dispose of or to obtain accurate quotation
as to the market value of, our common stock and as a result, the market value of our common stock likely would decline. 

Other factors that could have
a similar impact include, but are not limited to: 

the increased concentration of the ownership of our shares by a limited number of affiliated stockholders following the Share Exchange may limit interest in our securities; 

limited public float in the hands of a small number of persons whose sales or lack of sales could result in positive or negative pricing pressure on the market price for our common stock; 

variations in quarterly operating
results from the expectations; 

revisions in securities analysts 
estimates or reductions; 

our ability to obtain working
capital financing; 

announcements of new products
or services by us or our competitors and changes in our industry; 

reductions in the market share
of our products; 

announcements by us or our competitors
of significant strategic acquisitions; 

loss of any strategic relationship; 

regulatory developments; 

general technological, market
or economic trends; 

12 

investor perception of our industry
or prospects; 

insider selling or buying; 

investors entering into short
sale contracts; 

regulatory developments affecting
our industry; and 

additions or departures of key
personnel. 

Many of these factors are
beyond our control and may decrease the market price of our common stock, regardless of our operating performance. We cannot make any
predictions or projections as to what the prevailing market price for our common stock will be at any time, including as to whether our
common stock will sustain current market prices, or as to what effect that the sale of shares or the availability of common stock for
sale at any time will have on the prevailing market price. 

Because we became public by means of a reverse
merger, we may not be able to attract the attention of major brokerage firms. 

There may be risks associated
with us becoming public through a reverse merger. Securities analysts of major brokerage firms and securities institutions
may not provide coverage of us because there were no broker-dealers who sold our stock in a public offering that would be incentivized
to follow or recommend the purchase of our common stock. The absence of such research coverage could limit investor interest in our common
stock, resulting in decreased liquidity. No assurance can be given that established brokerage firms will, in the future, want to cover
our securities or conduct any secondary offerings or other financings on our behalf. 

Our common stock may never be listed on
a major stock exchange. 

While we may seek the listing
of our common stock on a national or other securities exchange at some time in the future, we currently do not satisfy the initial listing
standards and cannot ensure that we will be able to satisfy such listing standards or that our common stock will be accepted for listing
on any such exchange. Should we fail to satisfy the initial listing standards of such exchanges, or our common stock is otherwise rejected
for listing, the trading price of our common stock could suffer, the trading market for our common stock may be less liquid, and our common
stock price may be subject to increased volatility. 

Our common stock is subject to price volatility
unrelated to us or our operations. 

The market price of our common
stock could fluctuate substantially due to a variety of factors, including quarterly operating results of other companies in the same
industry, changes in general conditions in the economy and the financial markets, or other developments affecting the Company s
competitors. In addition, the OTCQB is subject to extreme price and volume fluctuations in general. This volatility has had a significant
effect on the market price of securities issued by many companies for reasons unrelated to their operating performance and could have
the same effect on our common stock. 

In addition, the securities
markets have from time-to-time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that are unrelated to the operating performance of
particular companies. These market fluctuations may also materially and adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 

13 

Sales of our currently issued and outstanding
stock may become freely tradable pursuant to Rule 144 and may dilute the market for your shares and have a depressive effect on the price
of the shares of our common stock. 

A substantial portion of the
outstanding shares of common stock are restricted securities within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act of
1933, as amended Rule 144 and the Securities Act , respectively). As restricted shares, these shares may be
resold only pursuant to an effective registration statement or under the requirements of Rule 144 or other applicable exemptions from
registration under the Securities Act and as required under applicable state securities laws. Rule 144 provides in essence that a non-affiliate
who has held restricted securities for a period of at least six (6) months may sell their shares of common stock. Under Rule 144, affiliates
who have held restricted securities for a period of at least six (6) months may, under certain conditions, sell every three months, in
brokerage transactions, a number of shares that does not exceed the greater of 1 of a company s outstanding shares of common stock
or the average weekly trading volume during the four calendar weeks prior to the sale (the four calendar week rule does not apply to companies
quoted on the OTCQB). A sale under Rule 144 or under any other exemption from the Securities Act, if available, or pursuant to subsequent
registrations of our shares of common stock, may have a depressive effect upon the price of our shares of common stock in any active market
that may develop. 

The securities issued in connection with
the Share Exchange are restricted securities and may not be transferred in the absence of registration or the availability of a resale
exemption. 

The shares of common stock
issued in connection with the Share Exchange were issued in reliance on an exemption from the registration requirements under Section
4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. Consequently, these securities are subject to restrictions on transfer under the Securities Act and may
not be transferred in the absence of registration or the availability of a resale exemption. In particular, in the absence of registration,
such securities cannot be resold to the public until certain requirements under Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act have been
satisfied, including certain holding period requirements. As a result, a purchaser who receives any such securities issued in connection
with the Share Exchange may be unable to sell such securities at the time or at the price or upon such other terms and conditions as the
purchaser desires, and the terms of such sale may be less favorable to the purchaser than might be obtainable in the absence of such limitations
and restrictions. 

We do not plan to declare or pay any dividends
to our stockholders in the near future. 

We have not declared any dividends
in the past, and we do not intend to distribute dividends in the near future. The declaration, payment and amount of any future dividends
will be made at the discretion of the board of directors and will depend upon, among other things, the results of operations, cash flows
and financial condition, operating and capital requirements, and other factors as the board of directors considers relevant. There is
no assurance that future dividends will be paid, and if dividends are paid, there is no assurance with respect to the amount of any such
dividend. 

Penny Stock rules may make
buying or selling our common stock difficult. 

Trading in our common stock
is subject to the penny stock rules. The SEC has adopted regulations that generally define a penny stock to be any equity
security that has a market price of less than 5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions. These rules require that any broker-dealer
that recommends our common stock to persons other than prior customers and accredited investors, must, prior to the sale, make a special
written suitability determination for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s written agreement to execute the transaction. Unless
an exception is available, the regulations require the delivery, prior to any transaction involving a penny stock, of a disclosure schedule
explaining the penny stock market and the risks associated with trading in the penny stock market. In addition, broker-dealers must disclose
commissions payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative and current quotations for the securities they offer.
The additional burdens imposed upon broker-dealers by such requirements may discourage broker-dealers from effecting transactions in our
common stock, which could severely limit the market price and liquidity of our common stock. 

14 

The sales practice requirements of the Financial
Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA may also limit a stockholder s ability to buy and sell our stock. 

In addition to the penny
stock rules described above, FINRA has adopted Rule 2111 that requires a broker-dealer to have reasonable grounds for believing
that an investment is suitable for a customer before recommending the investment. Prior to recommending speculative low-priced securities
to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer s financial
status, tax status, investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations of these rules, FINRA believes that there is a
high probability that speculative low-priced securities will not be suitable for at least some customers. The FINRA requirements make
it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy the Company s common stock, which may limit your ability
to buy and sell the Company s stock and have an adverse effect on the market for our shares. 

Risks Related to Israeli Law and Our Operations
in Israel 

We have offices and other significant operations
are located in Israel, and, therefore, our results may be adversely affected by political, economic and military instability in Israel. 

While our executive offices
are located in the United States, we maintain offices in Israel. In addition, many of our officers and directors are residents of Israel.
Accordingly, political, economic and military conditions in Israel may directly affect our business. Any armed conflicts, political instability,
terrorism, cyberattacks or any other hostilities involving Israel or the interruption or curtailment of trade between Israel and its present
trading partners could affect adversely our operations. Ongoing and revived hostilities in the Middle East or other Israeli political
or economic factors, could harm our operations and solution development and cause any future sales to decrease. 

In addition, instability in
the region may lead to deterioration in the political and trade relationships that exist between the State of Israel and certain other
countries. Any armed conflicts, terrorist activities or political instability in the region could adversely affect business conditions,
could harm our results of operations and could make it more difficult for us to raise capital. Parties with whom we do business may sometimes
decline to travel to Israel during periods of heightened unrest or tension, forcing us to make alternative arrangements when necessary
in order to meet our business partners face to face. Several countries, principally in the Middle East, still restrict doing business
with Israel and Israeli companies, and additional countries may impose restrictions on doing business with Israel and Israeli companies
if hostilities in Israel or political instability in the region continues or increases. Similarly, Israeli companies are limited in conducting
business with entities from several countries. For instance, in 2008, the Israeli legislature passed a law forbidding any investments
in entities that transact business with Iran. In addition, the political and security situation in Israel may result in parties with whom
we have agreements involving performance in Israel claiming that they are not obligated to perform their commitments under those agreements
pursuant to force majeure provisions in such agreements. 

Our commercial insurance does
not cover losses that may occur as a result of events associated with war and terrorism. Although the Israeli government currently covers
the reinstatement value of direct damages that are caused by terrorist attacks or acts of war, we cannot assure you that this government
coverage will be maintained or that it will sufficiently cover our potential damages. Any losses or damages incurred by us could have
a material adverse effect on our business. Any armed conflicts or political instability in the region would likely negatively affect business
conditions and could harm our results of operations. 

Further, in the past, the
State of Israel and Israeli companies have been subjected to economic boycotts. Several countries still restrict business with the State
of Israel and with Israeli companies. These restrictive laws and policies may have an adverse impact on our operating results, financial
conditions or the expansion of our business. A campaign of boycotts, divestment and sanctions has been undertaken against Israel, which
could also adversely impact our business. 

15 

In addition, Israel is experiencing
a level of unprecedented political instability. The Israeli government has been in a transitionary phase since December 2018, when the
Israeli Parliament, or the Knesset, first resolved to dissolve itself and call for new general elections. Since then, Israel held general
elections five times - in April and September of 2019, in March of 2020, March of 2021 and in November of 2022. 

Further, many Israeli citizens
are obligated to perform several days, and in some cases more, of annual military reserve duty each year until they reach the age of 40
(or older, for reservists who are military officers or who have certain occupations) and, in the event of a military conflict, may be
called to active duty. In response to increases in terrorist activity, there have been periods of significant call-ups of military reservists.
It is possible that there will be military reserve duty call-ups in the future. Our operations could be disrupted by such call-ups, which
may include the call-up of members of our management. Such disruption could materially adversely affect our business, prospects, financial
condition and results of operations. 

Furthermore, the Israeli government
is currently pursuing extensive changes to Israel s judicial system. In response to the foregoing developments, individuals, organizations
and institutions, both within and outside of Israel, have voiced concerns that the proposed changes may negatively impact the business
environment in Israel including due to reluctance of foreign investors to invest or conduct business in Israel, as well as to increased
currency fluctuations, downgrades in credit rating, increased interest rates, increased volatility in securities markets, and other changes
in macroeconomic conditions. Such proposed changes may also adversely affect the labor market in Israel or lead to political instability
or civil unrest. To the extent that any of these negative developments do occur, they may have an adverse effect on our business, our
results of operations and our ability to raise additional funds, if deemed necessary by our management and board of directors. 

Our operations are subject to currency and
interest rate fluctuations. 

We incur expenses in U.S.
dollars and NIS, but our financial statements are denominated in U.S. dollars. The U.S. dollar is our functional currency. However, as
we also incur expenses in NIS, we are affected by foreign currency exchange fluctuations through both translation risk and transaction
risk. As a result, we are exposed to the risk that the NIS may appreciate relative to the dollar, or, if the NIS instead devalues relative
to the dollar, that the inflation rate in Israel may exceed such rate of devaluation of the NIS, or that the timing of such devaluation
may lag behind inflation in Israel. In any such event, the dollar cost of our operations in Israel would increase and our dollar-denominated
results of operations would be adversely affected. 

It may be difficult to enforce a judgment
of a United States court against us and our officers and directors to assert United States securities laws claims in Israel or to serve
process on our officers and directors and these experts. 

Our executive office, corporate
headquarters and manufacturing facilities are located in Israel. In addition, all of our officers and directors are residents of Israel.
All of our assets and most of the assets of these persons are located in Israel. Service of process upon us or our non-U.S. resident directors
and officers and enforcement of judgments obtained in the United States against us or our non-U.S. our directors and executive officers
may be difficult to obtain within the United States. We have been informed by our legal counsel in Israel that it may be difficult to
assert claims under U.S. securities laws in original actions instituted in Israel, or obtain a judgment based on the civil liability provisions
of U.S. federal securities laws. Israeli courts may refuse to hear a claim based on a violation of U.S. securities laws against us or
our non-U.S. officers and directors because Israel may not be the most appropriate forum to bring such a claim. In addition, even if an
Israeli court agrees to hear a claim, it may determine that Israeli law and not U.S. law is applicable to the claim. If U.S. law is found
to be applicable, the content of applicable U.S. law must be proved as a fact, which can be a time-consuming and costly process. Certain
matters of procedure will also be governed by Israeli law. There is little binding case law in Israel addressing the matters described
above. Israeli courts might not enforce judgments rendered outside Israel, which may make it difficult to collect on judgments rendered
against us or our non-U.S. officers and directors. 

16 

Moreover, an Israeli court
will not enforce a non-Israeli judgment if it was given in a state whose laws do not provide for the enforcement of judgments of Israeli
courts (subject to exceptional cases), if its enforcement is likely to prejudice the sovereignty or security of the State of Israel, if
it was obtained by fraud or in the absence of due process, if it is at variance with another valid judgment that was given in the same
matter between the same parties, or if a suit in the same matter between the same parties was pending before a court or tribunal in Israel
at the time the foreign action was brought. 

Our operations may be disrupted as a result
of the obligation of management or key personnel to perform military service. 

Our employees and consultants
in Israel, including members of our senior management, may be obligated to perform one month, and in some cases longer periods, of military
reserve duty until they reach the age of 40 (or older, for citizens who hold certain positions in the Israeli armed forces reserves) and,
in the event of a military conflict, may be called to active duty. In response to increases in terrorist activity, there have been periods
of significant call-ups of military reservists. It is possible that there will be similar large-scale military reserve duty call-ups in
the future. Our operations could be disrupted by the absence of a significant number of our officers, directors, employees and consultants.
Such disruption could materially adversely affect our business and operations. 

General Risk Factors 

We operate in a competitive industry . 

While we believe that we are
the only developer and manufacturer of UASs capable of pinpoint accurate firing of light weapons, the UAS market generally in which we
participate is highly competitive and becoming more so. This market is also characterized by rapid and innovative technological change.
If we are unable to improve existing systems and products and develop new systems and technologies in order to meet evolving customer
demands, our business could be adversely affected. In addition, our competitors could introduce new products with innovative capabilities,
which could adversely affect our business. We compete with many large and mid-tier defense companies on the basis of system performance,
cost, overall value, delivery and reputation. Many of these competitors are larger and have greater resources than us, and therefore may
be better positioned to take advantage of economies of scale and develop new technologies. 

Undetected problems in our products could
impair our financial results and give rise to potential product liability claims. 

If there are defects in the
design, production or testing of our products and systems, we could face substantial repair, replacement or service costs, potential liability
and damage to our reputation. Defects or malfunctioning of our products, if they were to occur, would likely result in significant damage
and loss of life. We may not be able to obtain product liability or other insurance to fully cover such risks, and our efforts to implement
appropriate design, testing and manufacturing processes for our products or systems may not be sufficient to prevent such occurrences,
which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

17 

Our business depends on proprietary technology
that may be infringed . 

Many of our systems and products
depend on our proprietary technology for their success. Like other technology-oriented companies, we rely on a combination of trade secrets,
copyrights and trademarks, together with non-disclosure agreements, confidentiality provisions in sales, procurement, employment and other
agreements and technical measures to establish and protect proprietary rights in our products. While we are in the process of seeking
patents for our technology, there is no guarantee that such patents will be granted. Our ability to successfully protect our technology
may be limited because: 

intellectual property laws in
certain jurisdictions may be relatively ineffective; 

detecting infringements and
enforcing proprietary rights may divert management s attention and company resources; 

contractual measures such as
non-disclosure agreements and confidentiality provisions may afford only limited protection; 

any patents we may receive will
expire, thus providing competitors access to the applicable technology; 

competitors may independently
develop products that are substantially equivalent or superior to our products or circumvent our intellectual property rights; and 

competitors may register patents
in technologies relevant to our business areas; 

In addition, various parties
may assert infringement claims against us. The cost of defending against infringement claims could be significant, regardless of whether
the claims are valid. If we are not successful in defending such claims, we may be prevented from the use or sale of certain of our products,
or liable for damages and required to obtain licenses, which may not be available on reasonable terms, any of which may have a material
adverse impact on our business, results of operation or financial condition. 

Potential product liability claims could
adversely affect our future earnings and financial condition. 

We face an inherent business
risk of exposure to product liability claims in the event that the use of our products results in adverse effects. We may not be able
to maintain adequate levels of insurance for these liabilities at reasonable cost and/or reasonable terms. Excessive insurance costs or
uninsured claims would add to our future operating expenses and adversely affect our financial condition. 

We rely on highly skilled personnel and,
if we are unable to retain or motivate key personnel or hire additional qualified personnel, we may not be able to grow effectively. 

Our performance is largely
dependent on the talents and efforts of highly skilled individuals. Our future success depends on our continuing ability to identify,
hire, develop, motivate, and retain highly skilled personnel for all areas of our organization. Our continued ability to compete effectively
depends on our ability to retain and motivate existing employees. Due to our reliance upon skilled laborers, the failure to attract, integrate,
motivate, and retain current and/or additional key employees could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and
financial condition. We do not maintain key person life insurance for any of our employees. 

18 

Our management team may not be able to successfully
implement our business strategies. 

If our management team is
unable to execute on its business strategies, then our development, including the establishment of revenues and our sales and marketing
activities would be materially and adversely affected. In addition, we may encounter difficulties in effectively managing the budgeting,
forecasting and other process control issues presented by any future growth. We may seek to augment or replace members of our management
team, or we may lose key members of our management team, and we may not be able to attract new management talent with sufficient skill
and experience. 

Significant disruptions of our information
technology systems or breaches of our data security could adversely affect our business. 

A significant invasion, interruption,
destruction or breakdown of our information technology systems and/or infrastructure by persons with authorized or unauthorized access
could negatively impact our business and operations. We could also experience business interruption, information theft and/or reputational
damage from cyber-attacks, which may compromise our systems and lead to data leakage either internally or at our third party providers.
The risk of a security breach or disruption, particularly through cyberattacks or cyber intrusion, including by computer hackers, foreign
governments, and cyber terrorists, has generally increased as the number, intensity and sophistication of attempted attacks and intrusions
from around the world have increased. If such an event were to interrupt our operations, it could result in a material disruption of our
product development programs. Our systems have been, and are expected to continue to be, the target of malware and other cyber-attacks.
Although we have invested in measures to reduce these risks, we cannot assure that these measures will be successful in preventing compromise
and/or disruption of our information technology systems and related data. 

A decline in the price of our common stock
could affect our ability to raise working capital and adversely impact our ability to continue operations. 

A prolonged decline in the
price of our common stock could result in a reduction in the liquidity of our common stock and a reduction in our ability to raise capital.
A decline in the price of our common stock could be especially detrimental to our liquidity and our operations. Such reductions may force
us to reallocate funds from other planned uses and may have a significant negative effect on our business plan and operations, including
our ability to develop new services and continue our current operations. If our common stock price declines, we can offer no assurance
that we will be able to raise additional capital or generate funds from operations sufficient to meet our obligations. If we are unable
to raise sufficient capital in the future, we may not be able to have the resources to continue our normal operations. 

The requirements of being a public company
may strain our resources and distract management. 

As a public company, we are
subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act and the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act ). These requirements are extensive. The Exchange Act requires that we
file annual, quarterly and current reports with respect to our business and financial condition. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that
we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls over financial reporting. 

19 

We may incur significant costs
associated with our public company reporting requirements and costs associated with applicable corporate governance requirements. We expect
all of these applicable rules and regulations to significantly increase our legal and financial compliance costs and to make some activities
more time consuming and costly. This may divert management s attention from other business concerns, which could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We also expect that these applicable rules and regulations
may make it more difficult and more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance and we may be required to accept
reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. As a result, it may be
more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified individuals to serve on our board of directors or as executive officers. We are
currently evaluating and monitoring developments with respect to these rules, and we cannot predict or estimate the amount of additional
costs we may incur or the timing of such costs. 

Future changes in financial accounting standards
or practices may cause adverse unexpected financial reporting fluctuations and affect reported results of operations. 

A change in accounting standards
or practices can have a significant effect on our reported results and may even affect our reporting of transactions completed before
the change is effective. New accounting pronouncements and varying interpretations of accounting pronouncements have occurred and may
occur in the future. Changes to existing rules or the questioning of current practices may adversely affect our reported financial results
or the way we conduct business. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

Not applicable to smaller
reporting companies. 

Item 2. Properties. 

Our principal executive office
is currently located at 10 HaRimon Street, Mevo Carmel Science and Industrial Park, Israel. In July 2018 and June 2019, Duke Israel executed
two independent lease agreements (the 2018 Lease and the 2019 Lease to lease separate spaces at the address
of our principal executive office. The July 2018 Lease was in effect until June 30, 2020 and afterwards continues on a monthly basis,
subject to a 60 days prior notice of termination, while the June 2019 Lease is in effect for 12 months from the date thereof and
includes two successive optional extension periods of 12 months each. In April 2022, Duke Israel entered into a lease agreement for an
office space in Mevo Carmel Science and Industry Park, Israel for a term of 3 years, with an option to extend the term of the lease agreement
for an additional 2 years. The April 2022 property became available for Company s use at February 2023. In addition, pursuant to
an agreement entered into by Duke, we have the right to use office space and receive other administrative services at a location in the
State of Florida. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

We
are currently not a party to any pending legal proceeding, nor is our property the subject of a pending legal proceeding, that we believe
is not ordinary routine litigation incidental to our business or otherwise material to the financial condition of our business. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

20 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common
Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Our common stock is quoted on the OTCQB under the symbol USDR. 
As of March 23, 2023, there were 154 holders of record of our common stock. This figure includes an indeterminate number of stockholders
who hold their shares in street name. 

We have not declared any cash
dividends on our common stock, and do not intend to declare dividends in the foreseeable future. Management intends to use all available
funds for the development of our plan of operation. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

You should read the following
discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our audited annual consolidated financial statements
as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 and accompanying notes appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report. This discussion and analysis
contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. The actual results may differ materially from those
anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including, but not limited to, those set forth under Risk
Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report. All amounts are in U.S. dollars and rounded. 

Company Overview 

On March 9, 2020, Duke and
certain shareholders of Duke entered into the Share Exchange with the Company, pursuant to which approximately 99 of the issued and outstanding
shares of common stock of Duke were purchased by the Company in exchange for shares of the Company s common stock, resulting in
Duke becoming a subsidiary of the Company. Following the Share Exchange, the Company has adopted the business plan of Duke. 

On April 29, 2020, the Company,
Duke, and UAS Sub, entered into the Merger Agreement, pursuant to which UAS Sub was to merge, upon the satisfaction of customary closing
conditions, with and into Duke. Upon closing of the Short-Form Merger, each outstanding share of UAS Sub s common stock, par value
 0.0001 per share, was to be converted into and become one share of common stock of Duke, with Duke surviving as a wholly-owned subsidiary
of the Company. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the Company acquired the remaining outstanding shares of Duke held by certain stockholders
of Duke that did not participate in the Share Exchange Agreement. At the closing of the transaction contemplated by the Merger Agreement,
the Company was to issue 63,856 shares to certain Duke stockholders, and Duke will become a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. On
June 25, 2020, Duke filed a Certificate of Merger with the State of Delaware, and consequently, Duke became a wholly-owned subsidiary
of the Company, and the Short-Form Merger was consummated. 

As the result of the Share
Exchange and the change in business and operations of the Company, a discussion of the past financial results of the Company is not pertinent,
and under applicable accounting principles the historical financial results of Duke, the accounting acquirer, prior to the Share Exchange
are considered the historical financial results of the Company. 

21 

Operating Results 

The selected historical financial
information presented below is derived from the Company s audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December
31, 2022 and Duke s audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2021. The data set forth below should
be read in conjunction with the financial statements and accompanying notes elsewhere in this annual report. 

Year ended 

December 31 

USD in thousands 

2022 
 2021 

Revenues 
 - 
 500 

Research and development expenses 
 (20 
 (14 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 (1,104 
 (1,026 
 
 Other income 
 - 
 98 
 
 Operating loss 
 (1,124 
 (442 
 
 Financing expense 
 (19 
 (448 
 
 Financing income 
 42 
 2 
 
 Net loss 
 (1,101 
 (888 

Comparison of the year ended December 31,
2022 to the year ended December 31, 2021 

Revenues . We had no
revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we had 500,000 in revenues related to the Collaboration
Agreement with Elbit. 

Research and Development .
During the year ended December 31, 2022, we had 20,000 research and development expenses, compare to 14,000 in research and development
expenses for the year ended December 31, 2021. Our research and development expenses, for the year ended December 31, 2022, consisted
primarily of professional services. Our research and development activity is pending our evaluation of additional different applications
for use of our technology and know-how including for its use in the civil market, while the research and development activities of the
TIKAD product is carried out by ELBIT according to the Collaboration Agreement. 

General and Administrative
Expenses . For the year ended December 31, 2022, our general and administrative expenses amounted to 1,104,000, of which 598,000
were related to professional services, such as accounting, auditing, insurance costs, consulting and legal services, and 426,000
were related to stock-based compensation expenses, and were 1,026,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021, of which 521,000 were related
to professional services and 416,000 related to stock-based compensation expenses. This increase in general and administrative expenses
for the year ended December 31, 2022 was mainly due to an increase in professional services of 51,000. 

Financial Expenses .
For the year ended December 31, 2022, our financial expenses amounted to 19,000 and were 448,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021.
The reason for the decrease in financial expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022, was mainly due to the decrease in interest expense
related to our previously outstanding convertible loans which were repaid and/or converted in full during 2021. 

22 

Financial Income .
For the year ended December 31, 2022, our financial income amounted to 42,000 and were 2,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The
reason for the increase in financial expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022, was mainly due to the interest income on bank deposits
resulted from the increase in interest rates. 

Net Loss . For the
year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recorded a net loss of 1,101,000 and 888,000, respectively, which represented an increase
compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, of 213,000. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

This MD A of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations discusses our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America U.S. GAAP ). In connection with the preparation of our financial statements,
we were required to make assumptions and estimates about future events, and apply judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets,
liabilities, revenue, expenses and the related disclosures. We base our assumptions, estimates and judgments on historical experience,
current trends and other factors that management believes to be relevant at the time our consolidated financial statements are prepared.
On a regular basis, management reviews the accounting policies, assumptions, estimates and judgments to ensure that our financial statements
are presented fairly and in accordance with U.S. GAAP. However, because future events and their effects cannot be determined with certainty,
actual results could differ from our assumptions and estimates, and such differences could be material. 

Our significant accounting
policies are discussed in Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, of the notes to consolidated financial statement,
which are incorporated by reference into this prospectus. Our management believes that, as for the financial statements for the periods
included in this prospectus, the accounting for share based compensation is critical accounting policy. However, due to the early stage
of operations of our Company, there are no other accounting policies that are considered to be critical accounting policies by management 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Since
inception, we have devoted substantially all our efforts to research and development and have incurred accumulated losses of 9,016,000. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, our loss of 1,101,000 included
non-cash stock-based compensation of 426,000. As of December 31, 2022, we had a working capital of 2,674,000, as compared to a
working capital of 3,389,000 as of December 31, 2021. 

As of December 31, 2022, we
had a cash balance of 2,849,000 compared to the cash balance of 3,560,000 as of December 31, 2021. The reason for the decrease in our
cash balance was mainly due to the operating expenses describe above and the purchase of property and equipment. 

Since our inception we and
Duke have funded our operations through equity and debt financing, bank loans, loans provided by shareholders and demonstration projects
of its technology to potential customers. 

23 

Since Duke s inception
and until 2017, certain Duke affiliates provided loans to Duke from time to time, as needed. Before entering into the Share Exchange,
Duke entered into debt cancellation letters (the Debt Cancellation Letters with regard to the Stockholders Loans. Pursuant
to the Debt Cancellation Letters the accumulated interest on the Stockholders Loans was waived and 842,135 shares of Duke s
common stock were issued in exchange for the cancellation of 623,180 in debt, leaving 280,000 of outstanding Stockholders Loans (the
 Outstanding Stockholders Loans ). The Outstanding Stockholders Loans, including the accumulated interest amount,
shall be repaid on the later of the following: (i) three years after the Effective Date; or (ii) Duke raised capital amounting to at least
 15 million following the Effective Date and the Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization of Duke has reached an amount
of 3 million. 

As of December 31, 2022, and
December 31, 2021, the outstanding balances of such stockholders loans were 305,000 and 297,000, respectively. 

On September 2, 2019, we executed
the Promissory Note having a total principal amount of 35,000 bearing interest at 6 per annum and maturing September 2, 2021. The Promissory
Note was a non-recourse and carried no personal guarantees. In conjunction with the consummation of the Share Exchange, and as a condition
thereof, on March 6, 2020, we entered into several Securities Exchange Agreements, on the same terms, to exchange the Promissory Note
for 9,623,621 shares of our Common Stock. On May 18, 2021, we issued 54,019 shares of Common Stock of the Company, to several holders
pursuant to the terms of the Security Exchange Agreements pursuant to which, such holders were entitled to an anti-dilution clause in
the event that the Convertible Debentures were converted into shares of our Common Stock. 

In connection with the Share
Exchange, immediately prior to the Effective Time, we entered into several Convertible Loan Agreements, on the same terms, in the aggregate
amount of 965,000. The terms of the Convertible Loan Agreements required repayment of the borrowed amount by the one-year anniversary
of the Effective Time, unless, at our discretion, and subject to its compliance with any and all terms of the material terms of the Convertible
Loan Agreements, the term of such loans is extended for an additional twelve (12) month period. The terms of the Convertible Loan Agreements
also provide that we may repay any portion of the remaining outstanding loan amount, without penalty, provided, however, that the Company
provides the specific lender with three business days written notice prior to such repayment, during which time the lender may
elect to convert any or all of the outstanding loan amount into shares of common stock of the Company. The Convertible Loan Agreements
bore simple interest at a rate equal to 15 per annum, payable on the 15th day of each calendar month. On December 9, 2020, we utilized
our rights under the Convertible Loan Agreements and extended the terms of the loans for an additional twelve months. During March 2021,
a portion of the Convertible Debentures, representing principal amount of 130,000 was converted into 347,594 shares of Common Stock and
during May 2021, we repaid the full balance of the principal of the Convertible Loans in the amount of 835,000. 

Also, in connection with the
Share Exchange, we entered into Exchange Agreements with our outstanding debt with Alpha and GBC to respectively cancel existing debentures
or debt in the total amount of 658,323 and in exchange issue new debentures in the aggregate amount of 400,000 and issue 698,755 and
65,198 shares of common stock to each of Alpha and GBC, respectively. The New Debentures matured three years from the Effective Date,
bore interest at a rate of 8 per year and were only convertible into shares of the Company s common stock, at an original conversion
price of 0.3740; provided, however, that such Original Conversion Price shall be adjusted downward in the event that the Company, as
applicable, sells or grants any options to purchase or sells or grants any right to reprice, or otherwise dispose or issues any common
stock or common stock equivalents entitling any purchaser to acquire shares of the Company s common stock at an effective price
per share that is lower than the Original Conversion Price (such issuance, a Dilutive Event ). In the event of a Dilutive
Event at any time from the Effective Time through the six (6) month anniversary of the Effective Time, any such adjustment shall occur
immediately after the completion of such period. Subsequent to March 31, 2021, a portion of the Convertible Debentures, representing an
aggregate amount of 110,614 (including interest) was converted into 295,759 shares of Common Stock. During May 2021, we prepaid the full
balance of the principal and interest amount of the Convertible Debentures in the amount of 108,541. 

24 

On May 11, 2021, we entered
into securities purchase agreements with eight (8) non-U.S. Investors, pursuant to which we, in a private placement offering, agreed to
issue and sell to investors an aggregate of: (i) 12,500,000 shares of our Common Stock at a price of 0.40 per share; and (ii) warrants
to purchase 12,500,000 of our Common Stock. The warrants were exercisable immediately and for a term of 18 months and have an exercise
price of 0.40 per share. The aggregate gross proceeds from the offering were approximately 5,000,000 and the offering closed on May
11, 2021. On April 5, 2022, we amended the terms of the warrants such that they now expire on November 11, 2023. 

We
believe that we have sufficient cash to fund our operations for at least the next 12 months. Readers are advised that available resources
may be consumed more rapidly than currently anticipated, resulting in the need for additional funding sooner than expected. Should this
occur, we will need to seek additional capital earlier than anticipated in order to fund (1) further development and, if needed (2) expenses
which will be required in order to expand manufacturing of our products, (3) sales and marketing efforts and (4) general working capital.
Such funding may be unavailable to us on acceptable terms, or at all. Our failure to obtain such funding when needed could create a negative
impact on our stock price or could potentially lead to the failure of our company. This would particularly be the case if we are unable
to commercially distribute our products and services in the jurisdictions and in the timeframes we expect. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure
about Market Risk 

Not applicable to smaller
reporting companies. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data. 

All information required by
this item is included in Item 15 of Part IV of this Annual Report and is incorporated into this item by reference. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants
on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

On
January 6, 2023, our Board of Directors dismissed Halperin Ilanit CPA (the Former Auditor as our independent registered
public accounting firm. 

The
audit reports of the Former Auditor on our financial statements for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 contained no adverse
opinion or disclaimer of opinion and were not qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope or accounting principles, except that
the report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020 contained an explanatory paragraph stating that there was substantial doubt about
our ability to continue as a going concern. 

During
the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, there were (i) no disagreements (as that term is defined in Item 304(a)(1)(iv)
of Regulation S-K and the related instructions) between us and the Former Auditor on any matter of accounting principles or practices,
financial statement disclosure, or auditing scope or procedure, which disagreements, if not resolved to the satisfaction of the Former
Auditor, would have caused the Former Auditor to make reference to the subject matter of the disagreement in its reports on the Company s
financial statements and (ii) no reportable events (as that term is defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K and the
related instructions). 

25 

On
January 6, 2023, our Board of Directors approved the engagement of Somekh Chaikin, a member firm of KPMG International the New
Auditor as our independent registered public accounting firm, effective upon the effectiveness of the dismissal of the Former
Auditor. During the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, neither we, nor anyone on its behalf, consulted the New Auditor regarding
(i) the application of accounting principles to a specified transaction, either completed or proposed, or the type of audit opinion that
might be rendered on our financial statements, and no written report or oral advice was provided to us by the New Auditor that the New
Auditor concluded was an important factor considered by us in reaching a decision as to any accounting, auditing or financial reporting
issue or (ii) any matter that was the subject of a disagreement (as that term is defined in Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of Regulation
S-K and the related instructions) or a reportable event (as that term is defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K). 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We maintain disclosure controls
and procedures that are designed to ensure that information we are required to disclose in the reports that we file or submit under the
Exchange Act, such as this Annual Report, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by SEC rules
and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information
we are required to disclose in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management,
including the Chief Executive Officer CEO and the Chief Financial Officer CFO ), to allow timely decisions
regarding required disclosure. 

Our management, with the participation of our CEO and CFO, as in place
as of December 31, 2022, evaluated, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, pursuant to paragraph
(b) of Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act. This evaluation included a review of the controls objectives and design,
the operation of the controls, and the effect of the controls on the information presented in this Annual Report. Our management, including
the CEO and CFO, do not expect that disclosure controls can or will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud, if any. A control system,
no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system
are met. Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to
be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time
periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures
designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and
communicated to management, including our CEO and CFO, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions
regarding required disclosure. Also, the projection of any evaluation of the disclosure controls and procedures to future periods is subject
to the risk that the disclosure controls and procedures may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of
compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Based on their review and
evaluation, and subject to the inherent limitations described above, our CEO and CFO concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) were not effective as of December 31, 2022, at the above-described
reasonable assurance level. 

During the year ended December
31, 2022, management identified the following weaknesses, which were deemed to be material weaknesses in internal controls: 

1. Due to the size of the Company
and available resources, there are limited personnel to assist with the accounting and financial reporting function, which results in
a lack of segregation of duties. 

2. The Company does not have an
Independent Audit Committee that can provide management oversight. 

26 

Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under
the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. 

Because of inherent limitations,
internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even internal controls determined to be
effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. The effectiveness of
our internal control over financial reporting is subject to various inherent limitations, including cost limitations, judgments used in
decision making, assumptions about the likelihood of future events, the possibility of human error, and the risk of fraud. The projection
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods is subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions, or that the degree of compliance with policies may deteriorate. Because of these limitations, there can be no assurance that
any system of internal control over financial reporting will be successful in preventing all errors or fraud or in making all material
information known in a timely manner to the appropriate levels of management. 

This Annual Report does not
include an attestation report of the company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting.
Management s report was not subject to attestation by the company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of
the Commission that exempt from this requirement issuers that are neither accelerated filers nor large accelerated filers. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

Other than the hiring of a full time CEO, there has been no change
in our internal control over financial reporting during the year ended December 31, 2022, that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Management s Report on Internal Control
over Financial Reporting 

Under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s
management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we assessed the effectiveness of our internal control
over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control - Integrated Framework. Based on this assessment, management,
as in place as of December 31, 2022, determined that the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31,
2022, was not effective due to the material weakness previously identified as stated above. 

Item 9B. Other Information 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions
that Prevent Inspections 

None. 

27 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and
Corporate Governance. 

Our directors and executive
officer and their ages as of March 23, 2023, are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 

Position 
 
 Yariv Alroy 

62 

Chairman 
 
 Yossef Balucka 

54 

Chief Executive Officer and President 
 
 Sagiv Aharon 

41 

Chief Technology Officer and Director 
 
 Erez Nachtomy 

61 

Vice Chairman 
 
 Eran Antebi 

52 

Director 
 
 Shlomo Zakai 

53 

Chief Financial Officer 

Yariv Alroy , Director
and Chairman. Mr. Yariv Alroy is the Managing Director of T.N.S.A Consulting and Management LTD., a private consulting services and investments
firm. From 1989 to 1993 Mr. Alroy worked for an Israeli law firm, with his last position as a partner. From 1993 to 1997, Mr. Alroy served
as COO of SHAHAL Medical Services, and from 1997 to 2000 as Managing Director of SHL International Ltd. From 2000 until January 2016 Mr.
Alroy served as Co-CEO of SHL Telemedicine LTD a company in the field of medical technology development and provision of global telemedicine
services, including in the United States, Germany, India, Japan and Israel, traded in the Swiss Stock exchange (SWX:SHLTN). In December
2018 Mr. Alroy was nominated as member of the board of directors and Chairman of SHL Telemedicine. Yariv Alroy holds an LL.B from Tel
Aviv University. 

Yossef Balucka , CEO
and President. Mr. Yossef Balucka has been serving as CEO and President of our Company, Duke and Duke Israel since March 2021. Prior to
entering the private sector, Mr. Balucka served for twenty-five years in various field and headquarters positions in the Israeli Navy
and retired as Colonel. Following his retirement from the Israeli Navy, between 2014 to 2016, Mr. Balucka served as a senior executive
and management member for retail and customer service at Partner Communications Ltd. (TASE:PTNR), one of the leading mobile telecommunications
companies in Israel. From 2017 to 2019 Mr. Balucka served as the CEO of Electra Technologies Ltd., a division of Electra Ltd. (TASE:ELTR),
which is active in the fields of integrated electro-mechanical and construction. Since 2019 Mr. Balucka is the owner of T.R. Eshkolot
Com Services Ltd., providing global strategic consulting services. Mr. Balucka holds a BA in Economics and Business Administration and
an MA in Social Sciences from the Haifa University, and MA in Public Administration from the Bar Ilan University. 

Sagiv Aharon , CTO and
Director. Mr. Sagiv Aharon co-founded Duke Israel and served as the Company s CEO from March 2020 until March 2021. From 2008 to
2010, Mr. Aharon worked at the Israeli Aerospace Industry as a structural design engineer on a classified hybrid structure (composite/metal)
air vehicle. From 2010 to 2011, Mr. Aharon worked at Rafael Advanced Weapon Systems Ltd. as a mechanical design engineer for complex active/reactive
armor solutions for land vehicles. From 2011 to 2012, Mr. Aharon worked for Elbit Systems Ltd. (NASDAQ:ESLT) as a mechanical design engineer
and a system integrator at several remotely operated weapon systems upon land vehicles. Mr. Aharon also serves as the CEO of Axis Aerospace
Mechanical Design Ltd., a company working in the field of airborne structural projects and flight experiments, following strict aerospace
level quality standards (AS9100). Mr. Aharon holds a B.Sc. in mechanical engineering with specialty in control and robotics from the Technion
- Israel Institute of Technology. 

28 

Erez Nachtomy , Director,
Vice Chairman of the Board. Mr. Erez Nachtomy is the Managing Director of Ermi Nachtomy Assets Ltd., a private consulting services and
investments firm. Since May 2020 Mr. Nachtomy is the Acting CEO of SHL Telemedicine Ltd. (SWX:SHLTN). From 1989 until 2001, Mr. Nachtomy
practiced law as an associate in one of the leading law firms in Israel, becoming a partner in the firm in 1994 and later on promoted
to a senior partner. In March 2001, Mr. Nachtomy joined the executive team of SHL Telemedicine Ltd. (SWX:SHLTN), as Vice President, and
from January 2005 to December 2016 he served as Executive Vice President. SHL Telemedicine Ltd. is active in the field of medical technology
development and provision of global telemedicine services, including in the United States, Germany, India and Japan. In December 2018
Mr. Nachtomy was nominated as Member of the Board of SHL Telemedicine, and since May 2021 Mr. Nachtomy has been serving as the acting
CEO of SHL Telemedicine Ltd. Mr. Nachtomy holds an LL.B. from Tel Aviv University, Israel. 

Eran Antebi , Director.
Mr. Antebi is the Finance Director Omrix Biopharmaceuticals Ltd. (a Johnson Johnson company) since February 2017. Prior to that
he was CFO of SHL Telemedicine Ltd. (SWX:SHLTN) since 2008. Mr. Antebi joined SHL in May 2004 as CFO of Shahal Israel. Prior to joining
SHL, from 2000 to 2004, Mr. Antebi was a manager with Ernst Young in Israel. Mr. Antebi is a certified public accountant (CPA) in
Israel and holds a B.A. in Accounting and Economics from Tel Aviv University, Israel. 

Shlomo Zakai , Chief
Financial Officer. Mr. Zakai brings extensive and proven experience in similar positions with companies operating in international markets
and related industries. Prior to joining the Company Mr. Zakai served as the Chief Financial Officer of Save Foods, Inc. (SAFO:OTC) (August
2017 to December 2021), Sonovia Ltd. (NNTTF:OTC) (October 2014 to August 2020) and of Todos Medical Ltd. (TOMDF:OTC) (February 2017 till
January 2018). Prior to that, Mr Zakai worked as an accountant for nine years at Kost, Forer, Gabbay Kasierer, an independent registered
public accounting firm and a member firm of Ernst Young Global, where he last served as a Senior Manager and worked with technology
companies publicly traded on the Nasdaq Stock Market and on the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange. Mr. Zakai holds a B.A. in accounting from the
College of Management in Rishon Le Zion, Israel. 

Family Relationship 

There is no family relationship
among the directors and officers of the Company. 

29 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

Over the past ten (10) years,
none of our directors or our executive officer have been (i) involved in any petition under Federal bankruptcy laws or any state insolvency
law, (ii) convicted in a criminal proceeding or is a named subject of a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and
other minor offenses), (iii) subject of any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court
of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining him from (a) acting as a future s commission merchant, introducing
broker, commodity trading advisor, commodity pool operator, floor broker, leverage transaction merchant, any other person regulated by
the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or an associated person of any of the foregoing, or as an investment adviser, underwriter, broker
or dealer in securities, or as an affiliated person, director or employee of any investment company, bank, savings and loan association
or insurance company, or engaging in or continuing any conduct or practice in connection with such activity, (b) engaging in any type
of business practice, or (c) engaging in any activity in connection with the purchase or sale of any security or commodity or in connection
with any violation of Federal or State securities laws or Federal commodities laws, or (d) subject of any order, judgment or decree, not
subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any Federal or State authority barring, suspending or otherwise limiting for more than
60 days the right to engage in any activity described in (iii)(a), (iv) found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or
by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC to have violated any Federal or State securities law, and the judgment
in such civil action or finding by the SEC has not been subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated, (v) found by a court of competent
jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated any Federal commodities law, and the judgment
in such civil action or finding by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission has not been subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated.
(vi) subject of, or a party to, any Federal or State judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently
reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of (a) any Federal or State securities or commodities law or regulation,
(b) any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies, or (c) any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire
fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity, or (vii) the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently
reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26))),
any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29))), or any equivalent exchange,
association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. Except as set
forth in our discussion below in Transactions with Related Persons; Promoters and Certain Control Persons; Director Independence, 
none of our directors, director nominees or executive officers has been involved in any transactions with us or any of our directors,
executive officers, affiliates or associates which are required to be disclosed pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC. 

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Code of Ethics 

We uphold a set of basic values
to guide our actions and are committed to maintaining the highest standards of business conduct and corporate governance. Effective March
9, 2020, we adopted an Amended and Restated Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for directors, officers (including our principal executive
officer and principal financial officer) and employees, which, in conjunction with our Certificate of Incorporation, and Bylaws, as amended
(the Bylaws form the framework for governance of UAS. The Code of Ethics and Business Conduct, Bylaws and Article of Incorporation
are available at our corporate offices. Stockholders may request free printed copies of these documents from: 

UAS Drone Corp. 

Attn: CFO 

10 HaRimon Street 

Mevo Carmel Science and Industrial Park, Israel
2069203 

30 

Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange
Act requires our executive officers and directors, and persons who own more than 10 of our common stock, to file reports regarding ownership
of, and transactions in, our securities with the SEC and to provide us with copies of those filings. 

We have reviewed all forms
provided to us or filed with the SEC. Based on that review and on written information given to us by our executive officers and directors,
we believe that all Section 16(a) filings during the past fiscal year were filed on a timely basis and that all directors, executive officers
and 10 beneficial owners have fully complied with such requirements during the past fiscal year. 

Committees of the Board of Directors 

We do not have an audit or
compensation committee and have no independent directors that examines transactions of the nature described herein this item. We do not
have any audit or compensation committee. The board of directors performs these functions as a whole. Thus, there is a potential conflict
in that board members who are also part of management will participate in discussions concerning management compensation and audit issues
that may affect management decisions. To the extent possible, a majority of the disinterested members of our board of directors will approve
future affiliated transactions. Additionally, because the Company s Common Stock is not listed for trading or quotation on a national
securities exchange, we are not required to have such committees. 

Nominees to the Board of Directors 

During the Company s
2022 fiscal year, there were no material changes to the procedures by which security holders may recommend nominees to the board of directors. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

Summary Compensation Table 

The following sets forth the
compensation of UAS s Chief Executive Officer during fiscal 2022, and the other persons who served as executive officers during
the Company s fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. Unless otherwise noted, the amounts shown represent what was earned in the Company s
fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

31 

SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE - FISCAL YEAR ENDED
DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Name and principal position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock awards ) 
 Option awards ) 
 Non-equity incentive plan compensation ) 
 Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified deferred compensation earnings ) 
 All other compensation ) 
 Total ) 

Yossef Bakula -CEO 
 2021 
 88,470 
 0 
 0 
 103,532 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 192,002 

2022 
 107,878 
 0 
 0 
 61,410 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 169,289 

Shlomo Zakai - CFO 
 2021 
 20,138 
 0 
 0 
 5,966 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 26,104 

2022 
 28,900 
 0 
 0 
 8,497 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 37,397 

Restricted Stock Awards 

There were no shares of restricted
stock awarded during the Company s fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year
End 

There are no outstanding equity
awards for the year ended December 31, 2022 except as disclosed below. 

Grants of Plan-Based Awards for 2022 

The
following table presents the outstanding equity awards held as of December 31, 2022 by our named executive officers and directors ,
all of which have been issued pursuant to our 2021 Equity Compensation Plan, or the 2021 Plan: 

Name 
 Number of shares that have not vested (#) 
 Market value of shares that have not vested ) 
 Equity incentive plan awards: Number of shares that have not vested (#) 
 Equity incentive plan awards: Market value of shares that have not vested ) 
 
 Yossef Bakula 
 - 
 - 
 225,000 
 26,978 

Erez Nachtomy 
 - 
 - 
 100,000 
 0 

Eran Antebi 
 - 
 - 
 60,000 
 0 

Sagiv Aharon 
 - 
 - 
 60,000 
 0 

Shlomo Zakai 
 - 
 - 
 25,000 
 0 

32 

Pension Benefits 

We have no arrangements or
plans, except for those we are obligated to maintain pursuant to the Israeli law, under which we provide pension, retirement or similar
benefits for directors or executive officers. Our directors and executive officers may receive share options or restricted shares at the
discretion of our Board in the future. 

Nonqualified Deferred Compensation 

The Company does not have
a Deferred Compensation Plan for its executive officers. 

Other Potential Post-Employment Payments 

As of December 31, 2022, there
were no named executives with employment contracts that require or required severance or other post-employment payments. 

Summary Information about Equity Compensation
Plans 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

On May 27, 2021, our Board
of Directors approved the 2021 Plan, pursuant to which we may issue awards, from time to time, consisting of non-qualified stock options,
restricted stock grants and restricted stock units RSUs ). In addition, stock option awards that qualify under Section 102
of the Israeli Tax Ordinance (New Version) 1961 (the ITO ), and/or under Section 3(i) of the ITO, may be granted. A summary
of the 2021 Plan is found below. 

Under the 2021 Plan, options,
restricted share and RSUs may be granted to our officers, directors, employees and consultants or the officers, directors, employees and
consultants of our subsidiary. The total number of awards to acquire shares of the Company s common stock may not exceed 4,800,000
shares. To the extent that an award lapses or is forfeited, the shares subject to such Award will again become available for grant under
the terms of the 2021 Plan. 

The following table summarizes
certain information regarding our equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2022: 

Plan Category 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options 
 Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans 
 
 Equity compensation plan not approved by security holders 
 2,426,812 
 0.81 
 2,373,188 

No Loans for Option Exercises. 
It is our policy to not make loans to employees or officers for the purpose of paying for the exercise of stock options. 

33 

Director Compensation 

We reimburse directors for
out-of-pocket expenses they incur when attending meetings of the board of directors. On April 12, 2020, effective as of March 1, 2020,
our board of directors approved payment of certain fees to our directors in the amounts of 4,980, 4,980 and 6,950 per month to our
directors, Yariv Alroy, Sagiv Aharon and Erez Nachtomy (each, an Active Director ), respectively. On April 12, 2020, we also
enacted a policy to pay each director (that is not otherwise an Active Director) an amount of 1,500 for each calendar quarter and 400
for attendance of each meeting of the board of directors. These amounts are exclusive of Israeli VAT, if applicable. 

Director Compensation 

The following table provides
information regarding compensation earned by, awarded or paid to each person for serving as a director who is not an executive officer
during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022: 

Name 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Total ) 

Yariv Alroy 
 65,001 
 - 
 65,001 
 
 Sagiv Aharon 
 60,634 
 20,393 
 81,027 
 
 Erez Nachtomy 
 84,006 
 33,988 
 117,994 
 
 Eran Antebi 
 9,468 
 20,393 
 29,861 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners 

The following table sets forth
certain information as of March 23, 2023 regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock, for: 

each person (or group of affiliated persons) who, insofar as we have been able to ascertain, beneficially owned more than 5 of the outstanding shares of our common stock; 

each director; 

each named executive officer; and 

all directors and executive officers as a group. 

Beneficial ownership is determined
in accordance with the rules of the SEC and includes voting or investment power with respect to the securities. Except as otherwise indicated,
each person or entity named in the table has sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of our capital shown as beneficially
owned, subject to applicable community property laws. 

34 

In computing the number and
percentage of shares beneficially owned by a person, shares that may be acquired by such person within 60 days of the date of this prospectus
are counted as outstanding, while these shares are not counted as outstanding for computing the percentage ownership of any other person.
Unless otherwise indicated, the address of each person listed below is c/o Duke Robotics, 10 HaRimon Street, Mevo Carmel Science and Industrial
Park, Israel, Israel 2069203. 

We relied on information received
from each stockholder as to beneficial ownership, including information contained on Schedules 13D and 13G and Forms 3, 4 and 5. As of
March 23, 2023, there were 54,218,813 shares of common stock issued and outstanding. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership (1) 
 Percent of Class 
 
 5 Stockholders: 

Afek Trading - Kadosh and Razi Ltd. (2) 
 7,423,895 
 13.69 
 
 More Provident Fund Ltd (3) 
 22,500,000 
 34.37 
 
 Named Executive Officers: 

Sagiv Aharon 
 4,964,537 
 9.15 
 
 Yariv Alroy 
 5,813,267 
 10.72 
 
 Eran Antebi 
 60,000 
 0.11 
 
 Yossef Balucka 
 337,500 
 0.62 
 
 Erez Nachtomy 
 1,416,801 
 2.61 
 
 Shlomo Zakai 
 25,000 
 0.05 
 
 All directors and executive officers as a group (6 Persons) 
 12,617,105 
 23.02 

(1) The persons named in this table
have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock reflected as beneficially owned by them. A person is
deemed to be the beneficial owner of securities that can be acquired by such person within sixty (60) days from March 23, 2023, and
the total outstanding shares used to calculate each beneficial owner s percentage includes such shares, although such shares are
not taken into account in the calculations of the total number of shares or percentage of outstanding shares. Beneficial ownership as
reported does not include shares subject to option or conversion that are not exercisable within 60 days of March 7, 2022. 

(2) Address: C/O Mr. Amir Kadosh,
Zabotinsky 50, Givat Shmuel, Israel. 

(3) Based solely on information contained
in Form 13D filed with the SEC on July 6, 2021. Includes warrants to purchase 11,250,000 shares of common stock. Including securities
held by Y.D More Investments Ltd., B.Y.M. Mor Investments Ltd., Elldot Ltd., Benjamin Meirov and Yosef Levy. 

Changes in Control 

There are no arrangements
known to the Company, including any pledge by any person of securities of the Company, the operation of which may at a subsequent date
result in a change in control of the Company. 

35 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions, and Director Independence. 

Transactions with Related Persons 

During the fiscal years ended
December 31, 2021 and 2022, we did not participate in any transaction, and we are not currently participating in any proposed transaction,
or series of transactions, in which the amount involved exceeded the lesser of 120,000 or one percent of the average of our total assets
at year end for the last two completed fiscal years, and in which, to our knowledge, any of our directors, officers, five percent beneficial
security holders, or any member of the immediate family of the foregoing persons had, or will have, a direct or indirect material interest. 

Director Independence 

The board of directors has
not determined that we have any independent directors. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 

Our
independent registered public accounting firm for the year ended December 31, 2021 was Halperin Ilanit CPA, an independent registered
public accounting firm, located in Tel Aviv, Israel, PCAOB ID .The following
is a summary of the fees billed by Halperin Ilanit CPA during the calendar years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Fee category 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit Fees (1) 
 17,000 
 25,500 
 
 Audit - related fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Tax fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 All other fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total fees 
 17,000 
 25,500 

(1) Consists of fees for audit of
the Company s annual financial statements, audit of the financial statements of acquired subsidiaries, the review of interim financial
statements included in the Company s quarterly reports, consents, and the review of other documents filed with the Commission. 

Our independent registered
public accounting firm for the year ended December 31, 2022 is Somekh Chaikin, a member firm of KPMG International, located in Tel Aviv,
Israel, PCAOB ID 1057 .The following is a summary of the fees billed by Somekh Chaikin, during the calendar years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021: 

Fee category 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit Fees (1) 
 68,000 
 - 
 
 Audit - related fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Tax fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 All other fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total fees 
 68,000 
 - 

(1) Consists of fees for audit of
the Company s annual financial statements, audit of the financial statements of acquired subsidiaries, the review of interim financial
statements included in the Company s quarterly reports, consents, and the review of other documents filed with the Commission. 

Audit fees - Consists of fees
for professional services rendered by our principal auditor for the audit of our annual financial statements and the review of financial
statements included in our Forms 10-Q or services that are normally provided by our principal accountants in connection with statutory
and regulatory filings or engagements. 

Audit-related fees - Consists
of fees for assurance and related services by our principal accountants that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or
review of UAS s financial statements and are not reported under Audit fees. 

Tax fees - Consists of fees
for professional services rendered by our principal accountants for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. 

All other fees - Consists
of fees for products and services provided by our principal accountants, other than the services reported under Audit fees, 
 Audit-related fees and Tax fees above. 

36 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a) Financial Statements . 

Balance Sheets of UAS Drone Corp. as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-5 

Statements of Operations of UAS Drone Corp. for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-6 

Statements of Stockholders Equity of UAS Drone Corp. for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-7 

Statements of Cash Flows of UAS Drone Corp. for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-8 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 F-9 

37 

(b) Exhibits . 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 
 
 2.1 
 
 Share Exchange Agreement dated March 4, 2020, by and among UAS Drone Corp., Duke Robotics, Inc., and the shareholders of Duke Robotics, Inc. who execute and deliver this Share Exchange Agreement. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 10, 2020). 

2.2 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated April 29, 2020, by and among UAS Drone Corp., Duke Robotics, Inc., and UAS Acquisition Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 29, 2020). 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation as filed on February 4, 2015 (incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on August 25, 2019). 

3.2 
 
 Bylaws, as amended, on March 4, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 10, 2020). 

4.1 
 
 Description of Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 13, 2020). 

4.2 
 
 Form of Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 12, 2021). 

10.1 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 12, 2021). 

10.2 
 
 UAS Drone Corp. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 28, 2021). 

10.3 
 
 Collaboration Agreement, dated January 29, 2021, by and between Duke Airborne Systems Ltd. and Elbit Systems Land Ltd. (translation from Hebrew) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 30, 2021). 

10.4 
 
 Services Agreement, dated March 25, 2021, between UAS Drone Corp. and Yossef Balucka. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 30, 2021). 

10.5 
 
 Warrant Extension Agreement, dated April 5, 2022, between UAS Drone Corp. and the investors signatory thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 8, 2022). 

14.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 10, 2020). 

38 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 
 
 21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21.1 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 30, 2021. 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

23.2 
 
 Consent of Halperin Ilanit, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Sec. 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Sec. 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 

101 
 
 The following materials from the Registrant, formatted in inline XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, (ii) Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, (iii) Statements of Stockholders Deficit for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, (iv) Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and (v) Notes to Financial Statements. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. 

Certain identified information in the exhibit has been excluded from the exhibit because it is both (i) not material and (ii) would likely cause competitive harm to the Company if publicly disclosed. 

(c) Financial Statement Schedules. 

The following documents are
filed as part of this Report: 

1. Financial Statements 

See Index to Financial
Statements 

2. Financial Statement Schedules: 

All financial statement schedules
have been omitted because they are not applicable or the required information is presented in the financial statements or the notes to
the financial statements. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 

None. 

39 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

UAS DRONE CORP. 

Date: March 24, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Yossef Balucka 

Yossef Balucka 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

By: 
 /s/ Shlomo Zakai 

Shlomo Zakai 

Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in
the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Date: March 24, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Yossef Balucka 

Yossef Balucka 

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: March 24, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Shlomo Zakai 

Shlomo Zakai 

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

Date: March 24, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Yariv Alroy 

Yariv Alroy 

Chairman of the Board 

Date: March 24, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Erez Nachtomy 

Erez Nachtomy 

Vice Chairman of the Board 

Date: March 24, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Sagiv Aharon 

Sagiv Aharon 

Chief Technology Officer and Director 

Date: March 24, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Eran Antebi 

Eran Antebi 

Director 

40 

UAS DRONE CORP. 

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 

F- 1 

UAS DRONE CORP. 

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 F-3 
 
 (Firm Name: Somekh Chaikin / PCAOB ID No. 1057/ Location: Tel Aviv,
Israel) 

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS: 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 
 
 Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-7 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-8 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-9 F-2 2 

F- 2 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors 
UAS Drone Corp.: 

Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheet of UAS Drone Corp., and its subsidiary (the Company) as of December 31, 2022, the related consolidated statements of
comprehensive loss, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flow for the year ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes
(collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material
respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for
the year ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements
based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB)
and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
consolidated financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audit provides
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

Critical audit matters are matters arising from
the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee
and that (i) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially
challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/ Somekh Chaikin 

Member Firm of KPMG International 

We have served as the Company s
auditor since 2023. 

Tel Aviv, Israel 

March 24, 2023 

F- 3 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND STOCKHOLDERS OF 

UAS DRONE CORP. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheet
of UAS Drone Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2021, the related statements of operations and comprehensive loss, changes
in stockholders equity (deficit) and cash flows for the year in the period ended December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively
referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects,
the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year in the
period ended December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required
to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations
of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

Critical audit matters are matters arising from
the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and
that (i) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging,
subjective, or complex judgments. We determined there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/ . 

Certified Public Accountants (Isr.) 

March 7, 2022 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2019 to 2022 

F- 4 

UAS DRONE, CORP. 

CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

(USD
in thousands) 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets 

Current Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Other current assets (Note 3) 

T o t a l Current assets 

Lease deposit 
 
 -

Property
 and equipment, net (Note 4) 

T o t a l assets 

Liabilities and Shareholders Equity 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Other liabilities (Note 5) 

T o t a l current liabilities 

Loans (Note 6) 

T o t a l liabilities 

Shareholders 
Equity (Note 7) 

Common stock of US par value each Common Stock ): shares authorized as of December 31, 2022 and 2021; issued and outstanding and shares as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

T o t a l shareholders Equity 

T o t a l liabilities and shareholders Equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

UAS DRONE, CORP. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

(USD in thousands) 

Year ended 

December 31 

2022 
 2021 

Revenues 
 -

Research and development expenses 

General and administrative expenses (Note 9) 

Other income 
 -

Operating loss 

Financing expense 

Financing income 

Net loss 

Loss per share (basic and diluted) (Note 12)

Basic and diluted weighted average number of shares of Common Stock outstanding

F- 6 

UAS DRONE, CORP. 

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

(USD in thousands) 

Number of Shares 
 Amount 
 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 Accumulated deficit 
 Total shareholders equity 

BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 2020 

Issuance of shares in exchange for convertible loans 
 
 )- 
 
 -

Issuance of shares for cash (net of issuance expenses) 

-

Share based compensation for services granted in respect of issuance of shares (note 7) 
 - 
 -

-

Share based compensation for services (note 8) 
 - 
 -

-

Net loss for the year 
 - 
 -
 
 -

BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Issuance of shares to service provider (note 7) 
 
 )- 
 
 -

Share based compensation for services (note 8) 
 - 
 -

-

Warrants modification (note 7) 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 Net loss for the year 
 - 
 -
 
 -

BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 2022 

) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

UAS DRONE, CORP. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(USD in thousands) 

Year ended 

December 31 

2022 
 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss for the year 

Adjustments required to reconcile net loss for the year to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation 

Share based compensation 

Issuance of shares for services 
 
 - 
 
 Interest on loans 

Expenses with respect to convertible loans and debentures 
 -

Increase in lease deposit 
 
 - 
 
 Increase in other current assets 

Increase (decrease) in accounts payable 

Increase (decrease) in other liabilities 

Net cash used in operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchase of property and equipment 
 
 -

Net cash used in investing activities 
 
 -

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from issuance of shares 
 -

Repayments of convertible loans 
 -

Repayments of long term banking institute 
 -

Net cash provided by financing activities 
 -

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 
 
 -

INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT THE BEGINNING OF THE YEAR 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT THE END OF THE YEAR 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid during the year for: 

Interest 
 -

Non cash transactions: 

Issuance of shares in exchange for convertible loans 
 -

Issuance expenses 
 -

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 8 

UAS DRONE, CORP. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(USD in thousands) 

per share, was converted into and became one share of common stock of Duke Inc.,
with Duke Inc. surviving as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. 

F- 9 

UAS DRONE, CORP. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(USD in thousands) 

NOTE 2
 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continue) 

- 
 
 Computers 

Office improvements 

F- 10 

UAS DRONE, CORP. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(USD in thousands) 

NOTE 2
 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continue) 

F- 11 

UAS DRONE, CORP. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(USD in thousands) 

NOTE 2
 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continue) 

F- 12 

UAS DRONE, CORP. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(USD in thousands) 

NOTE 2
 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continue) 

F- 13 

UAS DRONE, CORP. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(USD in thousands) 

Government Institutions 

Others 
 -

Furniture and office equipment 

Leasehold improvements (see note 10(2)) 

Less - accumulated depreciation 

Total property and equipment, net 

and US respectively, a nd
additional property and equipment were purchased in an amount of US during the year ended December 31, 2022 during the year ended
December 31, 2021). 

Other (note 7) 

and shall be repaid (principal and interest) at the date
upon which the Company raises at least million and has achieved earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization of 
million, but not before March 9, 2023 (three year anniversary of the March 9, 2020 issuance date). 

F- 14 

UAS DRONE, CORP. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(USD in thousands) 

The Company recorded 
of issuance costs. 

F- 15 

UAS DRONE, CORP. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(USD in thousands) 

NOTE 7 
 SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (continue) 

using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model and is presented within the consolidated
statements of changes in shareholders equity. 

Expected volatility ) 

Risk-free interest rate ) 

Expected term of options (years) 

Exercise price (US dollars) 

Share price (US dollars) 

Fair value (USD in thousands) 

. 

restricted shares of common stock, to be issued in
 tranches. In the event that the agreement is terminated prior to the issuance date, the remaining share obligation shall be
void. On March 17, 2022, the Company issued restricted shares of Common Stock pursuant to the agreement. On July 13, 2022
the Company issued restricted shares of Common Stock pursuant to the agreement. On September 22, 2022, the Company decided
to terminate the service agreement. The Company determined the value of the shares issued based on Company s shares price at the
agreement date, at of which were recorded as share based compensation expenses in the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Granted 

Exercised 
 -
 
 -

Forfeited or expired 

Outstanding at December 31,2021 

Granted 
 -
 
 -

Exercised 
 -
 
 -

Forfeited or expired 
 -
 
 -

Outstanding on December 31, 2022 

Number of options exercisable on December 31, 2022 

F- 16 

UAS DRONE, CORP. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(USD in thousands) 

NOTE 8 SHARE BASED COMPENSATION (continue) 

. These amounts represent the total intrinsic value, based on the Company s stock
price of as of December 31, 2022, less the weighted exercise price. 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested options. The cost is expected to be
recognized over a weighted average period of years. Compensation expense recorded by the Company in respect of its stock-based
compensation awards for the period ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively and are included in General and
Administrative expenses in the Statements of Operations. 

Expected volatility ) ) 

Risk-free interest rate ) 

Expected term of options (years) 
 - 
 
 Exercise price (US dollars) 
 - 
 
 Share price (US dollars) 
 - 
 
 Fair value (USD in thousands) 

coupon US Government Loans. 

F- 17 

UAS DRONE, CORP. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(USD in thousands) 

Share base compensation 

Insurance 

Adverting and promotion 

Rent and office maintenance 

Levies and tolls 

Depreciation 

Other expenses 

years following receipt of in cumulative revenues from sales of TIKAD units. In addition, Duke Israel agreed
to pay Elbit similar rates of royalties for revenues received by Duke Israel from sales of its advanced robotic system for civil use,
if such systems will include new know-how developed by Elbit. No TIKAD units were sold during 2022 and 2021 by the Company or Elbit. 

F- 18 

UAS DRONE, CORP. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(USD in thousands) 

NOTE 10
 AGREEMENTS (continue) 

of its investment amount, up to ,
by offsetting of royalty payments that may be due to Duke Israel. No revenues were generated from the Evaluation Phase of the Project
during 2022 and 2021. 

years, with an option to extend the term of the lease agreement for an additional years. The monthly
lease payments under the lease agreement, for the first two years are approximately and for the third year approximately .
The monthly lease payments for the option period will be agreed between the parties, with a minimum increase of above the third years
monthly payments. The property became available for Company s use at February 2023, therefore commencement date of the lease agreement
has not yet been met as of balance sheet date. Based on the lease agreement terms, the Company made a deposit of as a guarantee for
its lease commitments. 

government-owned company that generates, transmits,
and supplies electricity to all sectors of the State of Israel. 

F- 19 

UAS DRONE, CORP. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(USD in thousands) 

this reflects certain effects of the Act which includes
a reduction in the corporate tax rate from to as well as other changes. No further taxes are payable on this profit unless that
profit is distributed. If certain conditions are met, income derived from foreign subsidiaries is tax exempt in the US under applicable
tax treaties to avoid double taxation. 

. 

Federal tax rate 

Income tax computed at the ordinary tax rate 

Stock-based compensation 

Non-deductible expenses 

Tax in respect of differences in corporate tax rates 
 
 -

Losses and timing differences in respect of which no deferred taxes were generated 

-
 
 -

Valuation allowance 

-
 
 -

. 

F- 20 

UAS DRONE, CORP. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(USD in thousands) 

Total weighted average number of
 shares of common stock related to outstanding options and warrants, excluded from the calculations of diluted loss per share 

) Share base compensation 

Financing: 

Financing expense 

loans 

F- 21 

UAS DRONE, CORP. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(USD in thousands) 

NOTE 13 
 RELATED PARTIES (continue) 

The options shall vest over a period, with of the options to vest on the first anniversary of the grant
date, and the balance of of the options to vest in equal parts on the second and third anniversary of the grant date, respectively,
subject to the Mr. Balucka providing continued services to the Company. The fair value of the options was determined using the Black-Scholes
pricing model, assuming a risk free rate of , a volatility factor of , dividend yields of and an expected life of .
Total value of share based compensation were estimated to an amount of . Total share based compensation expenses during the Year
ended December 31, 2022 amounted to . 

shares of the Company s Common Stock to its Vice Chairman, directors and CFO for exercise price of . The options shall vest over a period, with of the options to vest on the first anniversary of the grant date, and the balance of of the options to vest in equal parts on the second and third anniversary of the grant date. 

, a volatility factor of , dividend yields
of and an expected life of . Total value of share based compensation were estimated to an amounted of . Total share based
compensation expenses during the year ended December 31, 2022 amounted to . 

F-22 

<EX-23.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex23-1_uasdrone.htm
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Exhibit 23.1 

Consent of the Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in
the registration statement (No. 333-257199) on Form S-8 of our report dated March 24, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial
statements of UAS Drone Corp. 

/s/ Somekh Chaikin 

 Member Firm of KPMG International 

Tel Aviv, Israel 

March 24, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 3
 f10k2022ex23-2_uasdrone.htm
 CONSENT OF HALPERIN ILANIT, INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Exhibit 23.2 

Consent of the Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statement
(No. 333-257199) on Form S-8 of our report dated March 7, 2022, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of UAS Drone Corp. 

/s/ Halperin Ilanit 

Certified Public Accountants (Isr.) 

Tel Aviv, Israel 

March 24, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-1_uasdrone.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

Certification 

I, Yossef Balucka, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of UAS Drone Corp. for the year ended December 31, 2022; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 24, 2023 

/s/ Yossef Balucka 

Yossef Balucka, 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 f10k2022ex31-2_uasdrone.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

Certification 

I, Shlomo Zakai, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of UAS Drone Corp. for the year ended December 31, 2022; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 24, 2023 

/s/ Shlomo Zakai 

Shlomo Zakai, 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-1_uasdrone.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the annual
report of UAS Drone Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned principal executive officer of the Company, hereby
certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 SOX ),
that: 

(1) 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ); and 

(2) 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 24, 2023 

/s/ Yossef Balucka 

Yossef Balucka, 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 f10k2022ex32-2_uasdrone.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the annual
report of UAS Drone Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned principal financial officer of the Company, hereby
certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 SOX ),
that: 

(1) 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ); and 

(2) 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 24, 2023 

/s/ Shlomo Zakai 

Shlomo Zakai, 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 usdr-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 usdr-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 usdr-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 usdr-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 usdr-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

