<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230309_10-K_edgar_data_1372807_0000950170-23-007081.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>49210312</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>452413</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3712732</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>23417616</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5881016</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>14745624</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-007081.hdr.sgml : 20230309
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230309171201
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-007081
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		94
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230309
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230309

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Portman Ridge Finance Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001372807
		IRS NUMBER:				205951150
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-00735
		FILM NUMBER:		23720649

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		650 MADISON AVNUE
		STREET 2:		23RD FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212.891.2880

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		650 MADISON AVNUE
		STREET 2:		23RD FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	KCAP Financial, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120710

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Kohlberg Capital CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20061211

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Kohlberg Capital, LLC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060815

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-007081.txt : 20230309

10-K
 1
 ptmn-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

Co-@ 
 
 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 
 Commission File No. 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 

, 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days: No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller Reporting Company 

Emerging Growth Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022 was approximately based upon a closing price of 23.43 reported for such date by The NASDAQ Global Select Market. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes. 
 The number of outstanding shares of common stock of the registrant as of March 8, 2023 was . 

NOTE ABOUT REFERENCES TO Portman Ridge Finance Corporation 
 In this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Company , Portman Ridge , we , us and our refer to Portman Ridge Finance Corporation and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, unless the context otherwise requires. 
 NOTE ABOUT TRADEMARKS 
 Portman Ridge Finance Corporation, our logo and other trademarks of Portman Ridge Finance Corporation are the property of Portman Ridge Finance Corporation. All other trademarks or trade names referred to in this Annual Report are the property of their respective owners. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

Part I 

Item 1. 
 
 Business 
 1 

Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 
 13 

Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 28 

Item 2. 
 
 Properties 
 29 

Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 29 

Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 29 

Part II 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 29 

Item 6. 
 
 [Reserved] 
 31 

Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 32 

Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 46 

Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 47 

Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 47 

Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 47 

Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 
 48 

Item 9C. 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 49 

Part III 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 50 

Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 50 

Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 50 

Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 50 

Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 50 

Part IV 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 51 

Item 16. 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 51 

Financial Statements 
 F- 1 

Signatures 

i 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements The matters discussed in this Annual Report, as well as in future oral and written statements by the Company, that are forward-looking statements are based on current management expectations that involve substantial risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ materially from the results expressed in, or implied by, these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements relate to future events or our future financial performance. We generally identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, will, should, expect, plan, anticipate, could, intend, target, project, contemplate, believe, estimate, predict, potential, or continue or the negative of these terms or other similar words, although not all forward-looking statements include these words. Important assumptions include our ability to originate new investments, achieve certain margins and levels of profitability, the availability of additional capital, our ability to successfully and profitably integrate acquired assets and companies, and the ability to maintain certain debt to asset ratios. In light of these and other uncertainties, the inclusion of a projection or forward-looking statement in this Annual Report should not be regarded as a representation by us that our plans or objectives will be achieved. 
 The forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K include statements as to: 
 our future operating results; 

our business prospects and the prospects of our existing and prospective portfolio companies; 

the return or impact of current and future investments; 

our contractual arrangements and other relationships with third parties; 

the dependence of our future success on the general economy and its impact on the industries in which we invest; 

the financial condition and ability of our existing and prospective portfolio companies to achieve their objectives; 

our expected financings and investments; 

our regulatory structure and tax treatment; 

our ability to operate as a business development company and a regulated investment company, including the impact of changes in laws or regulations governing our operations or the operations of our portfolio companies; 

the adequacy of our cash resources and working capital; 

the timing of cash flows, if any, from the operations of our portfolio companies; 

the impact of a protracted decline in the liquidity of credit markets on our business; 

the impact of fluctuations in interest rates on our business; 

the valuation of our investments in portfolio companies, particularly those having no liquid trading market; 

our ability to recover unrealized losses; 

market conditions and our ability to access additional capital; and 

the timing, form and amount of any dividend distributions. 

For a discussion of factors that could cause our actual results to differ from forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report, please see the discussion under Risk Factors in Item 1A. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report relate only to events as of the date on which the statements are made. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this Annual Report unless required by law. 
 ii 

PART I 
 Item 1. 	 Business 
 In this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Company , Portman Ridge , we , us and our refer to Portman Ridge Finance Corporation and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, unless the context otherwise requires. 
 GENERAL 
 Our Company 
 We are an externally managed, non-diversified closed-end investment company that has elected to be regulated as a business development company BDC under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the 1940 Act ). Sierra Crest Investment Management LLC (the Adviser is an affiliate of BC Partners LLP BC Partners ). Subject to the overall supervision of the Board, the Adviser is responsible for managing our business and activities, including sourcing investment opportunities, conducting research, performing diligence on potential investments, structuring our investments, and monitoring our portfolio companies on an ongoing basis through a team of investment professionals. 
 The Adviser seeks to invest on our behalf in performing, well-established middle market businesses that operate across a wide range of industries (i.e., no concentration in any one industry). The Adviser employs fundamental credit analysis, targeting investments in businesses with relatively low levels of cyclicality and operating risk. The holding size of each position will generally be dependent upon a number of factors including total facility size, pricing and structure, and the number of other lenders in the facility. The Adviser has experience managing levered vehicles, both public and private, and seeks to enhance our returns through the use of leverage with a prudent approach that prioritizes capital preservation. The Adviser believes this strategy and approach offers attractive risk/return with lower volatility given the potential for fewer defaults and greater resilience through market cycles. 
 We originate, structure, and invest in secured term loans, bonds or notes and mezzanine debt primarily in privately-held middle market companies but may also invest in other investments such as loans to publicly-traded companies, high-yield bonds, and distressed debt securities (collectively the Debt Securities Portfolio ). We also invest in joint ventures and debt and subordinated securities issued by collateralized loan obligation funds CLO Fund Securities ). In addition, from time to time we may invest in the equity securities of privately held middle market companies and may also receive warrants or options to purchase common stock in connection with our debt investments. 
 In our Debt Securities Portfolio, our investment objective is to generate current income and, to a lesser extent, capital appreciation from the investments in senior secured term loans, mezzanine debt and selected equity investments in privately-held middle market companies. We define the middle market as comprising companies with earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization EBITDA of 10 million to 50 million and/or total debt of 25 million to 150 million. We primarily invest in first and second lien term loans which, because of their priority in a company s capital structure, we expect will have lower default rates and higher rates of recovery of principal if there is a default and which we expect will create a stable stream of interest income. The investments in our Debt Securities Portfolio are all or predominantly below investment grade, and have speculative characteristics with respect to the issuer s capacity to pay interest and repay principal. 
 From time-to-time we have made investments in CLO Fund Securities managed by other asset managers. Our collateralized loan obligation funds CLO Funds typically invest in broadly syndicated loans, high-yield bonds and other credit instruments. 
 Our investment portfolio (excluding our investments in the CLO Funds and Joint Ventures, as defined below) at December 31, 2022 was spread across 31 different industries and 119 different entities with an average par balance per entity of approximately 3.3 million. Our investment portfolio totaled 576.5 million at fair value as of December 31, 2022. 
 Subject to market conditions, we intend to grow our portfolio of assets by raising additional capital, including through the prudent use of leverage available to us. As a BDC, we are limited in the amount of leverage we can incur under the 1940 Act. Effective March 29, 2019, we are allowed to borrow amounts such that our asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, equals at least 150 after such borrowing. Because we also recognize the need to have funds available for operating our business and to make investments, we seek to have adequate liquidity at all times to cover normal cyclical swings in funding availability and to allow us to meet abnormal and unexpected funding requirements. As a result, we may hold varying amounts of cash and other short-term investments from time-to-time for liquidity purposes. 
 We have elected to be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a regulated investment company RIC under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code and intend to operate in a manner to maintain our RIC status. See -Taxation as a Regulated Investment Company below. 
 From time to time, we may seek to retire, repurchase, or exchange debt securities in open market purchases or by other means dependent on market conditions, liquidity, contractual obligations, and other matters. In addition, we evaluate strategic opportunities available to us, including mergers with unaffiliated funds and affiliated funds, divestures, spin-offs, joint ventures and other similar transactions from time to time. An example of an opportunity we are currently in the initial stages of evaluating is a potential merger with one or more of our affiliated 1940 Act funds, which may result in the use of an exchange ratio other than NAV-for-NAV (including but not limited to relative market price) in connection therewith. 
 The Externalization 
 On April 1, 2019 (the Closing ), we became externally managed (the Externalization by the Adviser, an affiliate of BC Partners LLP, pursuant to a stock purchase and transaction agreement (the Externalization Agreement with BC Partners Advisors L.P. BCP ), an affiliate of BC Partners. In connection with the Externalization, our stockholders approved an investment advisory agreement (the Advisory Agreement with the Adviser. See -Advisory Agreement below. 
 Pursuant to the Externalization Agreement with BCP, the Adviser became our investment adviser in exchange for a cash payment from BCP, or its affiliate, of 25 million, or 0.669672 per share of our common stock, directly to our stockholders. In addition, the Adviser (or its affiliate) will use up to 10 million of the incentive fee actually paid to the Adviser prior to the second anniversary of the Closing to buy newly issued shares of our common stock at the most recently determined net asset value per share of our common stock at the time of such purchase. From inception, the Adviser has purchased approximately 4.6 million newly issued shares of our common stock in connection with the agreement. For the period of one year from the first day of the first quarter following the quarter in which the Closing occurred, the Adviser agreed to permanently forego up to the full amount of the incentive fees earned by the Adviser without recourse against or reimbursement by us, to the extent necessary in order to achieve aggregate net investment income per share of common stock for such one-year period to be at least equal to 0.40 per share, subject to certain adjustments. BCP and the Adviser s total financial commitment to the transactions contemplated by the Externalization Agreement was 35.0 million. 
 On the date of the Closing, we changed our name from KCAP Financial, Inc. to Portman Ridge Finance Corporation and on April 2, 2019, began trading on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol PTMN. 
 1 

GARS Transaction 
 On October 28, 2020, we completed our acquisition of Garrison Capital Inc., a publicly traded BDC GARS , and such transaction the GARS Acquisition ). To effect the acquisition, our wholly owned merger subsidiary merged with and into GARS, with GARS surviving the merger as our wholly owned subsidiary. Immediately thereafter and as a single integrated transaction, GARS consummated a second merger, whereby GARS merged with and into us, with the Company surviving the merger. 
 In accordance with the terms of the merger agreement for the GARS Acquisition, dated June 24, 2020 (the GARS Merger Agreement ), each share of common stock, par value 0.001 per share, of GARS (the GARS Common Stock issued and outstanding was converted into the right to receive (i) an amount in cash, without interest, equal to approximately 1.19 and (ii) approximately 1.917 shares of common stock, par value 0.01 per share, of the Company (plus any applicable cash in lieu of fractional shares). Each share of GARS Common Stock issued and outstanding received, as additional consideration funded by the Adviser, an amount in cash, without interest, equal to approximately 0.31. In connection with the closing of the GARS Acquisition, the Board approved an increase in the size of the Board from seven members to nine members, and appointed two former GARS directors to the Board. 
 HCAP Transaction 
 On June 9, 2021 we completed our acquisition of Harvest Capital Credit Corporation, a publicly traded BDC HCAP , and such transaction the HCAP Acquisition ). To effect the acquisition, our wholly owned merger subsidiary Acquisition Sub merged with and into HCAP, with HCAP surviving the merger as the Company s wholly owned subsidiary. Immediately thereafter and as a single integrated transaction, HCAP consummated a second merger, whereby HCAP merged with and into the Company, with the Company surviving the merger. As a result of, and as of the effective time of, the second merger, HCAP s separate corporate existence ceased. 
 Under the terms of the merger agreement for the HCAP Acquisition, dated December 23, 2020 (the HCAP Merger Agreement ), HCAP stockholders as of immediately prior to the effective time of the first merger (other than shares held by a subsidiary of HCAP or held, directly or indirectly, by the Company or Acquisition Sub, and all treasury shares (collectively, Cancelled Shares )) received a combination of (i) 18.54 million in cash paid by the Company, (ii) 15,252,453 validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable shares of the Company s common stock, par value 0.01 per share, and (iii) an additional cash payment from the Adviser of 2.15 million in the aggregate. 
 Reverse Stock Split 
 On August 23, 2021, the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment (the Reverse Stock Split Certificate of Amendment to the Company s Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware to effect a 1-for-10 reverse stock split of the issued and outstanding (or held in treasury) shares of the Company s common stock, par value 0.01 per share (the Reverse Stock Split ). The Reverse Stock Split became effective as of 12:01 a.m. (Eastern Time) on August 26, 2021. 
 As a result of the Reverse Stock Split, every ten shares of issued and outstanding common stock were automatically combined into one issued and outstanding share of common stock. There was no change in the par value per share or the rights and preferences to the shareholders. No fractional shares were issued as a result of the Reverse Stock Split. Instead, any stockholder who would have been entitled to receive a fractional share as a result of the Reverse Stock Split received cash payments in lieu of such fractional shares (without interest and subject to backup withholding and applicable withholding taxes). 
 On August 23, 2021, the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment to decrease the number of authorized shares of common stock by one half of the reverse stock split ratio (the Decrease Shares Certificate of Amendment with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. The Decrease Shares Certificate of Amendment became effective as of 12:05 a.m. (Eastern Time) on August 26, 2021. Following the effectiveness of the Decrease Shares Certificate of Amendment, the number of authorized shares of common stock under the Company s Certificate of Incorporation was reduced from 100 million shares to 20 million shares. The Reverse Stock Split Certificate of Amendment and the Decrease Shares Certificate of Amendment were approved by the Company s stockholders at its annual meeting held on June 7, 2021 and were approved by the Board on August 4, 2021. 
 All share and per share values have been adjusted retroactively to reflect the split for all periods presented, except where otherwise noted. 
 Advisers Corporate Information 
 The Advisers' principal executive offices are located at 650 Madison Avenue, 23rd Floor, New York, New York 10022, and our telephone number is (212) 891-2880. 
 Available Information 
 We maintain a website on the Internet at www.portmanridge.com. The information contained in our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report. We make copies of our periodic and current reports and other information meeting the informational requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act available on the Investor Relations-SEC Filings section of our website free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file the information with, or furnish it to, the SEC. The SEC maintains an Internet site at http://www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information filed electronically by us with the SEC. 
 When we extend senior and junior secured term loans, we will generally take a security interest in the available assets of the portfolio company, including the equity interests of its subsidiaries, which we expect to help mitigate the risk that we will not be repaid. Nonetheless, there is a possibility that our lien could be subordinated to claims of other creditors. Structurally, mezzanine debt ranks subordinate in priority of payment to senior term loans and is often unsecured. Relative to equity, mezzanine debt ranks senior to common and preferred equity in a borrower s capital structure. Typically, mezzanine debt has elements of both debt and equity instruments, offering the fixed returns in the form of interest payments associated with a loan, while providing an opportunity to participate in the capital appreciation of a borrower, if any, through an equity interest that is typically in the form of equity purchased at the time the mezzanine loan is originated or warrants to purchase equity at a future date at a fixed cost. Mezzanine debt generally earns a higher return than senior secured debt due to its higher risk profile and usually less restrictive covenants. From time to time we may receive warrants in connection with a mezzanine debt investment. The warrants associated with mezzanine debt are typically detachable, which allows lenders to receive repayment of their principal on an agreed amortization schedule on the debt security while retaining an equity interest in the borrower. Mezzanine debt with warrants also may include a put feature, which permits the holder to sell its equity interest back to the borrower at a price determined through an agreed formula. Below are summary attributes for our Debt Securities Portfolio as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022: represented approximately 82 of the total investment portfolio at fair value; 

 contained credit instruments issued by corporate borrowers; 

 primarily comprised of senior secured and junior secured loans (88 and 12 of Debt Securities Portfolio, respectively); 

 spread across 31 different industries and 119 different entities; 

 average par balance per investment of approximately 3.3 million; 

 four investments were on non-accrual status; and 

 the weighted average contractual interest rate on our interest earning Debt Securities Portfolio was approximately 11.1 . 

 Our Debt Securities Portfolio investments generally range between 1 million to 20 million, although particular investments may be larger or smaller. The size of individual investments will vary according to their priority in a company s capital structure, with larger investments in more secure positions in an effort to maximize capital preservation. The size of our investments and maturity dates may vary as follows: senior secured term loans from 2 to 20 million maturing in five to seven years; 

 second lien term loans from 5 to 15 million maturing in six to eight years; 

 senior unsecured loans from 5 to 23 million maturing in six to eight years; 

 mezzanine loans from 5 to 15 million maturing in seven to ten years; and 

 equity investments from 1 to 5 million. 

 Investment in Joint Ventures. KCAP Freedom 3 LLC. During the third quarter of 2017, the Company and Freedom 3 Opportunities LLC Freedom 3 Opportunities ), an affiliate of Freedom 3 Capital LLC, entered into an agreement to create KCAP Freedom 3 LLC (the F3C Joint Venture ). The Company and Freedom 3 Opportunities contributed approximately 37 million and 25 million, respectively, in assets to the F3C Joint Venture, which in turn used the assets to capitalize a new fund, Great Lakes KCAP F3C Senior Funding L.L.C. (formerly known as KCAP F3C Senior Funding, L.L.C.) (the Fund managed by KCAP Management, LLC, one of the Asset Manager Affiliates. In addition, the Fund used cash on hand and borrowings under a credit facility to purchase approximately 184 million of primarily middle-market loans form us and we used the proceeds from such sale to redeem approximately 147 million in debt issued by KCAP Senior Funding I, LLC KCAP Senior Funding ). The Fund invests primarily in middle-market loans and the F3C Joint Venture partners may source middle-market loans from time-to-time for the Fund. During the fourth quarter of 2017, the Fund was refinanced through the issuance of senior and subordinated notes. The F3C Joint Venture purchased 100 of the subordinated notes issued by the Fund. In connection with the refinancing, the F3C Joint Venture made a cash distribution to us of approximately 12.6 million. Approximately 11.2 million of this distribution was a reduction in the cost basis of our investment in the F3C Joint Venture. The final determination of the tax attributes of distributions from the F3C Joint Venture is made on an annual (full calendar year) basis at the end of the year, therefore, any estimate of tax attributes of distributions made on an interim basis may not be representative of the actual tax attributes of distributions for the full year. While we own a 62.8 interest in the F3C Joint Venture, the F3C Joint Venture is structured as an unconsolidated Delaware limited liability company. All portfolio and other material decisions regarding the F3C Joint Venture must be submitted to its board of managers, which is comprised of four members, two of whom were selected by us and two of whom were selected by Freedom 3 Opportunities, and must be approved by at least one member appointed by us and one appointed by Freedom 3 Opportunities. In addition, certain matters may be approved by the F3C Joint Venture s investment committee, which is comprised of one member appointed by us and one member appointed by Freedom 3 Opportunities. As of December 31, 2022, our investment in the F3C Joint Venture was approximately 18.7 million at fair value. Series A - Great Lakes Funding II LLC. In August 2022, we invested in Series A Great Lakes Funding II LLC (the Great Lakes II Joint Venture, collectively with the F3C Joint Venture the Joint Ventures ), a joint venture with an investment strategy to underwrite and hold senior, secured unitranche loans made to middle-market companies. We treat our investment in the Great Lakes II Joint Venture as a joint venture since an affiliate of the Adviser controls a 50 voting interest in the Great Lakes II Joint Venture. In connection with the launch of the Great Lakes II Joint Venture, we entered into a series of transactions pursuant to which our prior investment in BCP Great Lakes Holdings LP, a vehicle formed as a co-investment vehicle to facilitate the participation of certain co-investors to invest, directly or indirectly, in BCP Great Lakes Funding, LLC (the Prior Great Lakes Joint Venture ), and the corresponding assets held by the Prior Great Lakes Joint Venture in respect of our investment in BCP Great Lakes Holdings LP, were transferred to the Great Lakes II Joint Venture in complete redemption of our investment in BCP Great Lakes Holdings LP. The Great Lakes II Joint Venture is a Delaware series limited liability company, and pursuant to the terms of the Great Lakes Funding II LLC Limited Liability Company Agreement (the Great Lakes II LLC Agreement ), prior to the end of the investment period with respect to each series established under the Great Lakes II LLC Agreement, each member of the predecessor series would be offered the opportunity to roll its interests into any subsequent series of the Great Lakes II Joint Venture. We do not pay any advisory fees in connection with our investment in the Great Lakes II Joint Venture. Certain other funds managed by the Adviser or its affiliates have also invested in the Great Lakes II Joint Venture. The fair value of our investment in the Great Lakes II Joint Venture at December 31, 2022 was approximately 40.3 million at fair value. As of December 31, 2022, we had an aggregate 8.0 million unfunded commitment to the Great Lakes II Joint Venture. CLO Fund Securities. Our investments in CLO Fund Securities are primarily made up of minority investments in the subordinated securities or preferred stock of CLO Funds managed by other asset managers. Below are summary attributes for our CLO Fund Securities, as of and for the year-ended December 31, 2022, unless otherwise specified: CLO Fund Securities represented approximately 3 of the total investment portfolio at fair value; 

 CLO Fund Securities Portfolio represented investments in subordinated securities or equity securities issued by CLO Funds; 

 all CLO Funds invested primarily in credit instruments issued by corporate borrowers; 

 Process We review potential investment opportunities and conduct due diligence that typically includes a review of historical and prospective financial information, participation in a presentation held by the prospective portfolio company s management and/or the transaction sponsor, a review of the prospective portfolio company s product or service, an analysis and understanding of the drivers of the particular industry in which the prospective portfolio company operates, and an assessment of the debt service capabilities of the prospective portfolio company under a variety of assumed forecast scenarios. Due to our ability to source transactions through multiple channels, we expect to continue to maintain a pipeline of opportunities to allow comparative risk return analysis and selectivity. By focusing on the drivers of revenue and cash flow, we develop our own underwriting cases, and multiple stress and event specific case scenarios for each company analyzed. We focus on lending and investing opportunities in: companies with EBITDA of 10 to 50 million; 

 companies with financing needs of 25 to 150 million; 

 companies purchased by well-regarded private equity sponsors; 

 non-sponsored companies with successful business models, management teams and systems; and 

 high-yield bonds and broadly syndicated loans to larger companies on a selective basis. 

 We source investment opportunities from: 

 private equity sponsors; 

 regional investment banks for non-sponsored companies; 

 financial advisers and other market intermediaries; and 

 other middle market lenders with whom we can participate in loans. 

 In our experience, good credit judgment is based on a thorough understanding of both the qualitative and quantitative factors that determine a company s performance. Our analysis begins with an understanding of the fundamentals of the industry in which a company operates, including the current economic environment and the outlook for the industry. We also focus on the company s relative position within the industry and our historical ability to weather economic cycles. Other key qualitative factors include the experience and depth of the management team and the financial sponsor, if any. Only after we have a comprehensive understanding of the qualitative factors do we focus on quantitative metrics. We believe that with the context provided by the qualitative analysis, we can gain a better understanding of a company s financial performance. We analyze a potential portfolio company s sales growth and margins in the context of our competition as well as our ability to manage our working capital requirements and our ability to generate consistent cash flow. Based upon this historical analysis, we develop a set of projections which represents a reasonable underwriting case of most likely outcomes for the company over the period of our investment. We also look at potential downside cases to determine a company s ability to service its debt in a stressed credit environment. Elements of the qualitative analysis we use in evaluating investment opportunities include some combination of the following: industry fundamentals; 

 competitive position and market share; 

 impact of historical down-cycles on the industry and us; 

 quality of financial and technology infrastructure; 

 sourcing risks and opportunities; 

 labor and union strategy; 

 technology risk; 

 diversity of customer base and product lines; 

 quality of financial sponsor (if applicable); and 

 acquisition and integration history. 

 Elements of the quantitative analysis we use in evaluating investment opportunities include some combination of the following: income statement analysis of growth and margin trends; 

 cash flow analysis of capital expenditures and free cash flow; 

 financial ratio and market share standing among comparable companies; 

 financial projections: underwriting versus stress case; 

 event specific credit modeling; 

 credit profile trend; 

 future capital expenditure needs and asset sale plans; 

 downside protection to limit losses in an event of default; 

 risk adjusted returns and relative value analysis; and 

 enterprise and asset valuations. 

 The origination, structuring and credit approval processes are fully integrated. Our credit team is directly involved in all due diligence and analysis prior to the formal credit approval process by our Investment Committee. Investment Committee The Investment Committee serves to provide investment consistency and adherence to our core investment philosophy and policies. Upon completion of the due diligence investigation, the underwriting team of investment professionals/analysts will prepare a credit underwriting memorandum that will summarize the contemplated transaction, present the investment highlights, analyze the risk in the transaction and mitigating factors to those risks, analyze the prospective portfolio s historical financial statements, financial projections, industry and management team, and will then present this memorandum with its recommendations to the Investment Committee for review and approval. The approval of a majority of the Investment Committee is required for all investments. Monitoring Our Board, including a majority of its independent directors, oversees and monitors our investment performance and annually reviews the compensation we pay to the Adviser. Our Adviser has significant experience monitoring credit portfolios. Along with origination and credit analysis, portfolio management is one of the key elements of our business. Most of our investments will not be liquid and, therefore, we must prepare to act quickly if potential issues arise so that we can work closely with the Adviser and the private equity sponsor, if applicable, of the portfolio company to take any necessary remedial action. In addition, most of the Adviser s senior management team, has substantial workout and restructuring experience. In order to assist us in detecting issues with our Debt Securities Portfolio companies as early as possible, we perform a financial analysis at least quarterly on each portfolio company. This analysis typically includes: A summary of the portfolio company s current total credit exposure as well as our portion of this exposure. 

 A summary and update of the portfolio company s financial condition and performance, including but not limited to, performance versus plan, deterioration/improvement in market position, or industry fundamentals, management changes or additions, and ongoing business strategy. 

 Reaffirmation of, or proposal to change, the risk rating of the underlying investment. 

 A summary of the portfolio company s financial covenant results vis a vis financial covenant levels established in the credit agreement. 

 Watch list credits are followed closely and discussed more frequently than quarterly, as appropriate. About the Adviser The Adviser is an affiliate of BC Partners. Subject to the overall supervision of the Board, the Adviser is responsible for managing our business and activities, including sourcing investment opportunities, conducting research, performing diligence on potential investments, structuring our investments, and monitoring our portfolio companies on an ongoing basis through a team of investment professionals. The Adviser seeks to invest on our behalf in performing, well-established middle market businesses that operate across a wide range of industries (i.e., no concentration in any one industry). The Adviser employs fundamental credit analysis, targeting investments in businesses with relatively low levels of cyclicality and operating risk. The holding size of each position will generally be dependent upon a number of factors including total facility size, pricing and structure, and the number of other lenders in the facility. The Adviser has experience managing levered vehicles, both public and private, and seeks to enhance our returns through the use of leverage with a prudent approach that prioritizes capital preservation. The Adviser believes this strategy and approach offers attractive risk/return with lower volatility given the potential for fewer defaults and greater resilience through market cycles. BC Partners is a leading buyout firm with a 30-year history investing across Europe and North America with over 40 billion in assets under management in private equity, private credit and real estate strategies. The assets under management for BC Partners are based on actively managed commitments of its managed funds and relevant vehicles formed for the purpose of co-investing alongside such funds. BC Partners operates a private equity investment platform BCP PE a credit investment platform BCP Credit and a real estate investment platform as fully integrated businesses. Our investment activity will take place primarily within the BCP Credit platform. Integration with the broader BC Partners platform allows BCP Credit to leverage a team of investment professionals across its private equity platform including its operations team. The BCP Credit Investment Team (the Investment Team is led by Ted Goldthorpe who sits on both the BCP Credit and BCP PE investment committees. During the fourth quarter of 2020, LibreMax Intermediate Holdings, LP LibreMax sold its minority stake in the Adviser to a wholly-owned subsidiary of Mount Logan Capital Inc. Mount Logan ). An affiliate of BC Partners serves as administrator to Mount Logan. Advisory Agreement The Adviser provides management services to us pursuant to the Advisory Agreement. Under the terms of the Investment Advisory Agreement, the Adviser is responsible for the following: managing our assets in accordance with our investment objective, policies and restrictions; 

 determining the composition of our portfolio, the nature and timing of the changes to our portfolio and the manner of implementing such changes; 

 identifying, evaluating and negotiating the structure of our investments; 

 monitoring our investments; 

 determining the securities and other assets we will purchase, retain or sell; 

 assisting the Board with its valuation of our assets; 

 directing investment professionals of the Adviser to provide managerial assistance to our portfolio companies; 

 performing due diligence on prospective portfolio companies; 

 exercising voting rights in respect of portfolio securities and other investments for us; 

 serving on, and exercising observer rights for, boards of directors and similar committees of our portfolio companies; and 

 providing us with such other investment advisory, research and related services as we may, from time to time, reasonably require for the investment of capital. 

 The Adviser s services under the Advisory Agreement are not exclusive, and it is free to furnish similar services to other entities so long as its services to us are not impaired. Term Unless earlier terminated as described below, the Investment Advisory Agreement will remain in effect from year-to-year if approved annually by a majority of the Board or by the holders of a majority of our outstanding shares, and, in each case, a majority of the independent directors. The Advisory Agreement will automatically terminate within the meaning of the 1940 Act and related SEC guidance and interpretations in the event of its assignment. In accordance with the 1940 Act, without payment of any penalty, we may terminate the Advisory Agreement with the Adviser upon 60 days written notice. The decision to terminate the agreement may be made by a majority our Board or the stockholders holding a majority of the outstanding shares of our common stock. See Advisory Agreement Removal of Adviser below. In addition, without payment of any penalty, the Adviser may generally terminate the Advisory Agreement upon 60 days written notice and, in certain circumstances, the Adviser may only be able to terminate the Advisory Agreement upon 120 days written notice. Removal of Adviser The Adviser may be removed by our Board or by the affirmative vote of a Majority of the Outstanding Shares. Majority of the Outstanding Shares means the lesser of (1) 67 or more of the outstanding shares of our common stock present at a meeting, if the holders of more than 50 of the outstanding shares of our common stock are present or represented by proxy or (2) a majority of outstanding shares of our common stock. Compensation of Adviser Pursuant to the terms of the Advisory Agreement, we pay the Adviser (i) a base management fee (the Base Management Fee and (ii) an incentive fee (the Incentive Fee ). For the period from the date of the Advisory Agreement (the Effective Date through the end of the first calendar quarter after the Effective Date, the Base Management Fee will be calculated at an annual rate of 1.50 of our gross assets, excluding cash and cash equivalents, but including assets purchased with borrowed amounts, as of the end of such calendar quarter. Subsequently, the Base Management Fee will be 1.50 of our average gross assets, excluding cash and cash equivalents, but including assets purchased with borrowed amounts, at the end of the two most recently completed calendar quarters; provided, however, that the Base Management Fee will be 1.00 of our average gross assets, excluding cash and cash equivalents, but including assets purchased with borrowed amounts, that exceed the product of (i) 200 and (ii) the value of our net asset value at the end of the most recently completed calendar quarter. The Incentive Fee consists of two parts: (1) a portion based on our pre-incentive fee net investment income (the Income-Based Fee and (2) a portion based on the net capital gains received on our portfolio of securities on a cumulative basis for each calendar year, net of all realized capital losses and all unrealized capital depreciation on a cumulative basis, in each case calculated from the Effective Date, less the aggregate amount of any previously paid capital gains Incentive Fee (the Capital Gains Fee ). The Income-Based Fee is 17.50 of pre-incentive fee net investment income with a 7.00 hurdle rate. The Capital Gains Fee is 17.50 . In connection with the Externalization, for the period of one year from the first day of the first quarter following the quarter in which the Closing occurred, the Adviser agreed to permanently forego up to the full amount of the incentive fees earned by the Adviser without recourse against or reimbursement by us, to the extent necessary in order to achieve aggregate net investment income per share of common stock for such one-year period to be at least equal to 0.40 per share, subject to certain adjustments. Pre-incentive fee net investment income means dividends (including reinvested dividends), interest and fee income accrued by us during the calendar quarter, minus operating expenses for the quarter (including the management fee, expenses payable under the administration agreement, and any interest expense and dividends paid on any issued and outstanding preferred stock, but excluding the incentive fee). Pre-incentive fee net investment income includes, in the case of investments with a deferred interest feature (such as original issue discount, debt instruments with payment-in-kind PIK interest and zero coupon securities), accrued income that we may not have received in cash. The Adviser is not obligated to return the incentive fee it receives on PIK interest that is later determined to be uncollectible in cash. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business and Structure - We may be obligated to pay the Adviser incentive compensation even if it incurs a net loss due to a decline in the value of our portfolio. Pre-incentive fee net investment income does not include any realized capital gains, realized capital losses or unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation. To determine the Income-Based Fee, pre-incentive fee net investment income is expressed as a rate of return on the value of our net assets at the end of the immediately preceding calendar quarter. Because of the structure of the incentive fee, it is possible that we may pay an incentive fee in a calendar quarter in which we incur a loss. For example, if we receive pre-incentive fee net investment income in excess of the quarterly hurdle rate, we will pay the applicable incentive fee even if we have incurred a loss in that calendar quarter due to realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation. In addition, because the quarterly hurdle rate is calculated based on our net assets, decreases in our net assets due to realized capital losses or unrealized capital depreciation in any given calendar quarter may increase the likelihood that the hurdle rate is reached and therefore the likelihood of us paying an incentive fee for the subsequent quarter. Our net investment income used to calculate this component of the incentive fee is also included in the amount of our gross assets used to calculate the management fee because gross assets are total assets (including cash received) before deducting liabilities (such as declared dividend payments). The following is a graphical representation of the calculation of the Income-Based Fee: Quarterly Income-Based Fee (expressed as a percentage of the value of net assets) 

0 
 1.75 
 2.12 

0 
 100 
 17.5 
 
 The second component of the incentive fee, the Capital Gains Fee, payable at the end of each calendar year in arrears, equals 17.50 of cumulative realized capital gains through the end of such calendar year commencing with the calendar year ending December 31, 2019, computed net of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation on a cumulative basis, in each case calculated from the Effective Date, less the aggregate amount of any previously paid capital gains fee for prior periods. We will accrue, but will not pay, a Capital Gains incentive Fee with respect to unrealized appreciation because a Capital Gains incentive Fee would be owed to the Adviser if we were to sell the relevant investment and realize a capital gain. In no event will the capital gains incentive fee payable pursuant to the Investment Advisory Agreement be in excess of the amount permitted by the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the Advisers Act including Section 205 thereof. The fees that are payable under the Investment Advisory Agreement for any partial period will be appropriately prorated. Limitations of Liability and Indemnification Under the Advisory Agreement, the Adviser, its officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons, members and any other person or entity affiliated with the Adviser, including without limitation its managing member, will not be liable to us for acts or omissions performed in accordance with and pursuant to the Advisory Agreement, except those resulting from acts constituting criminal conduct, gross negligence, willful misfeasance, bad faith or reckless disregard of the duties that the Adviser owes to us under the Advisory Agreement. In addition, as part of the Advisory Agreement, we have agreed to indemnify the Adviser and each of its officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons, members and any other person or entity affiliated with the Adviser, including without limitation its general partner, and the Administrator from and against any damages, liabilities, costs and expenses, including reasonable legal fees and other expenses reasonably incurred, in or by reason of any pending, threatened or completed action, suit, investigation or other proceeding (including an action or suit by or in the right of the Company or its security holders) arising out of or otherwise based upon the performance of any of the Adviser s duties or obligations under the Advisory Agreement or otherwise as an investment adviser of the Company, except where attributable to criminal conduct, gross negligence, willful misfeasance, bad faith or reckless disregard of such person s duties under the Advisory Agreement. Board Approval of the Advisory Agreement On December 12, 2018, our then-current Board held an in-person meeting to consider and approve the Advisory Agreement and related matters, and on April 1, 2019, we entered into the Advisory Agreement with the Adviser. Our Board most recently determined to re-approve the Advisory Agreement at a meeting held on March 6, 2023. In reaching a decision to re-approve the Advisory Agreement, the Board was provided the information required to consider the Advisory Agreement, including: (a) the nature, quality and extent of the advisory and other services to be provided to us by the Adviser; (b) comparative data with respect to advisory fees or similar expenses paid by other BDCs with similar investment objectives; (c) our projected operating expenses and expense ratio compared to BDCs with similar investment objectives; (d) any existing and potential sources of indirect income to the Adviser from its relationship with us and the profitability of that relationship; (e) information about the services to be performed and the personnel performing such services under the Advisory Agreement; and (f) the organizational capability and financial condition of the Adviser and its affiliates. The Board, including a majority of independent directors, will oversee and monitor our investment performance and annually reviews the compensation we pay to the Adviser. Administration Agreement Under the terms of the Administration Agreement between us and the Administrator, the Administrator will perform, or oversee the performance of, required administrative services, which includes providing office space, equipment and office services, maintaining financial records, preparing reports to stockholders and reports filed with the SEC, and managing the payment of expenses and the performance of administrative and professional services rendered by others. We will reimburse the Administrator for services performed for us pursuant to the terms of the Administration Agreement. In addition, pursuant to the terms of the Administration Agreement, the Administrator may delegate its obligations under the Administration Agreement to an affiliate or to a third party and we will reimburse the Administrator for any services performed for us by such affiliate or third party. Payments under the Administration Agreement are equal to an amount that reimburses the Administrator for its costs and expenses in performing its obligations and providing personnel and facilities (including rent, office equipment and utilities) for our use under the Administration Agreement, including our allocable portion of the compensation paid to our chief compliance officer and chief financial officer and their respective staff who provide services to us. The Board, including the independent directors, will review the general nature of the services provided by the Administrator as well as the related cost to us for those services and consider whether the cost is reasonable in light of the services provided. Unless earlier terminated as described below, the Administration Agreement will remain in effect from year-to-year if approved annually by a majority of the Board or by the holders of a Majority of the Outstanding Shares, and, in each case, a majority of the independent directors. On April 1, 2019, the Board approved the Administration Agreement with the Administrator and our Board most recently determined to re-approve the Administration Agreement at a meeting held on March 6, 2023. We may terminate the Administration Agreement, without payment of any penalty, upon 60 days written notice. The decision to terminate the agreement may be made by a majority of the Board or the stockholders holding a Majority of the Outstanding Shares. In addition, the Adviser may terminate the Administration Agreement, without payment of any penalty, upon 60 days written notice. Payment of Our Expenses under Our Advisory and Administration Agreements Except as specifically provided below, we anticipate that all investment professionals and staffs of the Adviser, when and to the extent engaged in providing investment advisory and management services to us, and the compensation and routine overhead expenses (including rent, office equipment and utilities), of such personnel allocable to such services, will be provided and paid for by the Adviser. We will bear an allocable portion of the compensation paid by the Adviser (or its affiliates) to our chief compliance officer and chief financial officer and their respective staffs (based on a percentage of time such individuals devote, on an estimated basis, to our business affairs). We will also bear all other costs and expenses of our operations, administration and transactions, including, but not limited to (i) investment advisory fees, including management fees and incentive fees, to the Adviser, pursuant to our Advisory Agreement; (ii) an allocable portion of overhead and other expenses incurred by the Adviser (or its affiliates) in performing its administrative obligations under our Advisory Agreement; and (iii) all other expenses of our operations and transactions including, without limitation, those relating to: the cost of calculating our net asset value, including the cost of any third-party valuation services; 

 the cost of effecting any sales and repurchases of our common stock and other securities; 

 fees and expenses payable under any dealer manager or placement agent agreements, if any; 

 administration fees payable under our Administration Agreement and any sub-administration agreements, including related expenses; 

 debt service and other costs of borrowings or other financing arrangements; 

 costs of hedging; 

 expenses, including travel expense, incurred by the Adviser, or members of the investment team, or payable to third parties, performing due diligence on prospective portfolio companies and, if necessary, enforcing our rights; 

 transfer agent and custodial fees; 

 fees and expenses associated with marketing efforts; 

 federal and state registration fees, any stock exchange listing fees and fees payable to rating agencies; 

 federal, state and local taxes; 

 independent directors fees and expenses including certain travel expenses; 

 costs of preparing financial statements and maintaining books and records and filing reports or other documents with the SEC (or other regulatory bodies) and other reporting and compliance costs, including registration and listing fees, and the compensation of professionals responsible for the preparation of the foregoing; 

 the costs of any reports, proxy statements or other notices to stockholders (including printing and mailing costs), the costs of any stockholder or director meetings and the compensation of personnel responsible for the preparation of the foregoing and related matters; 

 commissions and other compensation payable to brokers or dealers; 

 research and market data; 

 fidelity bond, directors and officers errors and omissions liability insurance and other insurance premiums; 

 direct costs and expenses of administration, including printing, mailing, long distance telephone and staff; 

 fees and expenses associated with independent audits, outside legal and consulting costs; 

 costs of winding up our affairs; 

 costs incurred by either the Administrator or us in connection with administering our business, including payments under our Administration Agreement; 

 extraordinary expenses (such as litigation or indemnification); and 

 costs associated with reporting and compliance obligations under the 1940 Act and applicable federal and state securities laws. 

 Allocation of Investment Opportunities and Potential Conflicts of Interest Co-Investment Relief As a BDC, we are subject to certain regulatory restrictions in making investments. For example, BDCs generally are not permitted to co-invest with certain affiliated entities in transactions originated by the BDC or its affiliates in the absence of an exemptive order from the SEC. However, BDCs are permitted to, and may, simultaneously co-invest in transactions where price is the only negotiated term. On October 23, 2018, the SEC issued an exemptive order to an affiliate of the Adviser that permits us to co-invest, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, in certain private placement transactions, with other funds managed by us or our affiliates. Under the terms of the exemptive order, in order for us to participate in a co-investment transaction a required majority (as defined in Section 57(o) of the 1940 Act) of our independent directors must conclude that (i) the terms of the proposed transaction, including the consideration to be paid, are reasonable and fair to us and our stockholders and do not involve overreaching with respect to us or our stockholders on the part of any person concerned, and (ii) the proposed transaction is consistent with the interests of our stockholders and is consistent with our investment objectives and strategies and certain criteria established by our Board. Related Party Trades For both the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company purchased 4.0 million in total investments from a fund managed by an affiliate of the Investment Advisor in accordance with, and pursuant to, procedures adopted under Rule 17a-7 of the 1940 Act. There were no transactions subject to Rule 17a-7 under the 1940 Act during the year ended December 31, 2021 . 

 8 

Qualifying Assets Under the 1940 Act, a BDC may not acquire any asset other than assets of the type listed in Section 55(a) of the 1940 Act, or Qualifying Assets, unless, at the time the acquisition is made, Qualifying Assets represent at least 70 of the company s total assets. The principal categories of Qualifying Assets relevant to our business are the following: Securities of an eligible portfolio company purchased in transactions not involving any public offering. An eligible portfolio company is defined in the 1940 Act as any issuer which: 

 (a) is organized under the laws of, and has its principal place of business in, the United States; 

 (b) is not an investment company (other than a small business investment company wholly-owned by the BDC) or a company that would be an investment company but for certain exclusions under the 1940 Act; and 

 (c) satisfies any of the following: 

 (i) does not have any class of securities listed on a national securities exchange (or, if it has a class of securities listed on a national securities exchange, has an aggregate market value of outstanding voting and non-voting common equity of less than 250 million); 

 (ii) is controlled by a BDC or a group of companies including a BDC and the BDC has an affiliated person who is a director of the eligible portfolio company; 

 (iii) is a small and solvent company having total assets of not more than 4 million and capital and surplus of not less than 2 million; or 

 (iv) does not have outstanding any class of securities with respect to which a broker or dealer may extend margin credit. 

 Securities of any eligible portfolio company that we control; 

 Securities purchased in a private transaction from a U.S. issuer that is not an investment company and is in bankruptcy and subject to reorganization; 

 Securities received in exchange for or distributed on or with respect to securities described above, or pursuant to the conversion of warrants or rights relating to such securities; and 

 Cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities or high-quality debt securities maturing in one year or less from the time of investment. 

 Significant Managerial Assistance A BDC must be organized and have its principal place of business in the United States and must be operated for the purpose of making investments in the types of securities described above. In addition, BDCs must generally offer to make available to such issuer of the securities (other than small and solvent companies described above) significant managerial assistance; except that, where we purchase such securities in conjunction with one or more other persons acting together, one of the other persons is the group may make available such managerial assistance. Making available significant managerial assistance means, among other things, any arrangement whereby the BDC, through its directors, officers or employees, offers to provide, and, if accepted, does so provide, guidance and counsel concerning the management, operations or business objectives and policies of a portfolio company through monitoring of portfolio company operations, selective participation in board and management meetings, consulting with and advising a portfolio company s officers or other organizational or financial guidance. Temporary Investments Pending investment in other types of Qualifying Assets, as described above, our investments may consist of cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities or high-quality debt securities maturing in one year or less from the time of investment, which we refer to, collectively, as temporary investments, so that at least 70 of our assets are Qualifying Assets. Typically, we invest in U.S. treasury bills or in repurchase agreements, provided that such agreements are fully collateralized by cash or securities issued by the U.S. government or its agencies. A repurchase agreement involves the purchase by an investor, such as us, of a specified security and the simultaneous agreement by the seller to repurchase it at an agreed upon future date and at a price which is greater than the purchase price by an amount that reflects an agreed-upon interest rate. There is no percentage restriction on the proportion of our assets that may be invested in such repurchase agreements. However, if more than 25 of our total assets constitute repurchase agreements that are treated, under applicable tax rules, as being issued by a single counterparty, we would not meet the diversification tests imposed on us by the Code to qualify for tax treatment as a RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Thus, we do not intend to enter into repurchase agreements treated as issued, under applicable tax rules, by a single counterparty in excess of this limit. We monitor the creditworthiness of the counterparties with which we enter into repurchase agreement transactions. Indebtedness; Coverage Ratio We are permitted, under specified conditions, to issue multiple classes of indebtedness and one class of stock senior to our common stock if our asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, is at least equal to 150 immediately after each such issuance. In addition, with respect to certain types of senior securities, we must make provisions to prohibit any dividend distribution to our stockholders or the repurchase of certain of our securities, unless we meet the applicable asset coverage ratios at the time of the dividend distribution or repurchase. On March 29, 2018, our Board, including a required majority (as such term is defined in Section 57(o) of the 1940 Act) of the Board, approved the modified asset coverage requirements set forth in Section 61(a)(2) of the 1940 Act, as amended by the SBCA. As a result, our asset coverage requirement for senior securities was changed from 200 to 150 , effective as of March 29, 2019. We may also borrow amounts up to 5 of the value of our total assets for temporary purposes. For a discussion of the risks associated with the resulting leverage, see Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Associated With Our Use of Leverage We borrow money, which magnifies the potential for gain or loss on amounts invested and may increase the risk of investing in us. Common Stock We are not generally able to issue and sell our common stock at a price below net asset value per share. We may, however, sell our common stock, at a price below the current net asset value of the common stock if our Board determines that such sale is in our best interests and that of our stockholders, and our stockholders approve such sale. In any such case, the price at which our common stock is to be issued and sold may not be less than a price which, in the determination of our Board, closely approximates the market value of such common stock (less any distributing commission or discount). We may also make rights offerings to our stockholders at prices per share less than the net asset value per share, subject to applicable requirements of the 1940 Act. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business and Structure Regulations governing our operation as a BDC affect our ability to, and the way in which we, raise additional capital. Code of Ethics We adopted and maintain a code of ethics pursuant to Rule 17j-1 under the 1940 Act that establishes procedures for personal investments and restricts certain personal securities transactions. Personnel subject to the code may invest in securities for their personal investment accounts, including securities that may be purchased or held by us, so long as such investments are made in accordance with the code s requirements. A copy of the code of ethics is available on the Corporate Governance section of the Company s website at www.portmanridge.com. Our code of ethics is available on the EDGAR Database on the SEC s Internet site at http://www.sec.gov . Copies may be obtained by electronic request to publicinfo@sec.gov Privacy Principles We are committed to maintaining the privacy of our stockholders and safeguarding their non-public personal information. The following information is provided to help you understand what personal information we collect, how we protect that information and why, in certain cases, we may share information with select other parties. Generally, we do not receive any non-public personal information relating to our stockholders, although some non-public personal information of our stockholders may become available to us. We do not disclose any non-public personal information about our stockholders or former stockholders to anyone, except as is necessary to service stockholder accounts, such as to a transfer agent, or as otherwise permitted by law. We restrict access to non-public personal information about our stockholders to our employees with a legitimate business need for the information. We maintain safeguards designed to protect the non-public personal information of our stockholders. Proxy Voting Policy and Procedures Although the securities we hold are not typically voting securities, some of our investments could entitle us to voting rights. If this were to occur the Adviser would vote its portfolio securities in the best interest of our stockholders and the Adviser would review on a case-by-case basis each proposal submitted to a stockholder vote to determine its impact on the portfolio securities held by us. Although the Adviser would generally vote against proposals that it believes may have a negative impact on our portfolio securities, the Adviser may vote for such a proposal if it were to believe there exists a compelling long-term reason to do so. Our voting decisions would be made by the Adviser, subject to authority assigned under our Advisory Agreement. To ensure that the Adviser s vote would not be the product of a conflict of interest, we would require that (1) anyone involved in the decision making process disclose to our Board any potential conflict that he or she is aware of and any contact that he or she has had with any interested party regarding a vote; and (2) employees involved in the decision making process or vote administration are prohibited from revealing how we intend to vote on a proposal to reduce any attempted influence from interested parties. Exclusion from CFTC Regulation Rule 4.5 of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission CFTC permits investment advisers to BDCs to claim an exclusion from the definition of commodity pool operator under the Commodities Exchange Act (the CEA with respect to a fund, provided certain requirements are met. In order to permit our Adviser to claim this exclusion with respect to us, we must limit our transactions in certain futures, options on futures and swaps deemed commodity interests under CFTC rules (excluding transactions entered into for bona fide hedging purposes, as defined under CFTC regulations) such that either: (i) the aggregate initial margin and premiums required to establish such futures, options on futures and swaps do not exceed 5 of the liquidation value of our portfolio, after taking into account unrealized profits and losses on such positions; or (ii) the aggregate net notional value of such futures, options on futures and swaps does not exceed 100 of the liquidation value of our portfolio, after taking into account unrealized profits and losses on such positions. In addition to meeting one of the foregoing trading limitations, we may not market our self as a commodity pool or otherwise as a vehicle for trading in the futures, options or swaps markets. Accordingly, we are not subject to regulation under the CEA or otherwise regulated by the CFTC. If the Adviser was unable to claim the exclusion with respect to us, the Adviser would become subject to registration and regulation as a commodity pool operator, which would subject the Adviser and us to additional registration and regulatory requirements and increased operating expenses. Other We are subject to examination by the SEC for compliance with the 1940 Act. We are required to provide and maintain a bond issued by a reputable fidelity insurance company to protect us against larceny and embezzlement. Furthermore, as a BDC, we are prohibited from indemnifying any director or officer against any liability to our stockholders arising from willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard of the duties involved in the conduct of such person s office. We are required to adopt and implement written policies and procedures reasonably designed to prevent violation of the federal securities laws and to review these policies and procedures annually for their adequacy and the effectiveness of their implementation. We have a designated Chief Compliance Officer who is responsible for administering these policies and procedures. TAXATION AS A REGULATED INVESTMENT COMPANY We have elected to be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a RIC under the Code and intend to operate in a manner to maintain our RIC tax treatment. As a RIC, we generally will not have to pay corporate-level U.S. federal income taxes on any ordinary income or capital gains that we timely distribute to our stockholders as dividends. To qualify for tax treatment as a RIC, we must, among other things, meet certain source-of-income and asset diversification requirements (as described below). In addition, we must distribute to our stockholders, for each taxable year, at least 90 of our investment company taxable income, which is generally our net ordinary taxable income plus the excess of our realized net short-term capital gains over our realized net long-term capital losses (the Annual Distribution Requirement ). Taxation as a RIC For any taxable year in which we qualify as a RIC and satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement, we generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on the portion of our investment company taxable income and net capital gain, defined as net long-term capital gains in excess of net short-term capital losses, we distribute to stockholders. We will be subject to U.S. federal income tax at the regular corporate rates on any investment company taxable income or net capital gain not distributed (or deemed not distributed) to our stockholders. We will be subject to a 4 nondeductible U.S. federal excise tax on our undistributed income unless we distribute in a timely manner for each calendar year an amount at least equal to the sum of (a) 98 of our net ordinary income for that calendar year, (b) 98.2 of our capital gain net income for the one-year period ending October 31 in that calendar year and (c) 100 of any ordinary income and net capital gains recognized, but not distributed, in the preceding year and on which we paid no corporate-level U.S. federal income tax (the Excise Tax Avoidance Requirement ). For this purpose, however, any net ordinary income or capital gain net income retained by us that is subject to corporate-level U.S. federal income tax for the tax year ending in that calendar year will be considered to have been distributed by year end (or earlier if estimated taxes are paid). Although we generally endeavor to make sufficient distributions each taxable year to satisfy the Excise Tax Avoidance Requirement, we may incur a U.S. federal excise tax. In that case, we will be liable for the tax only on the amount by which we do not meet the Excise Tax Avoidance Requirement. To qualify as a RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we must, among other things: have an election in effect to be treated as a business development company under the 1940 Act at all times during each taxable year; 

 derive in each taxable year at least 90 of our gross income from dividends, interest, payments with respect to certain securities loans, gains from the sale of stock or other securities or foreign currencies, or other income derived with respect to our business of investing in such stock, securities or currencies, and net income derived from interests in qualified publicly traded partnerships (which generally are partnerships that are traded on an established securities market or readily tradable on a secondary market (or the substantial equivalent thereof), other than partnerships that derive 90 of their income from interest, dividends and other permitted RIC income) (the 90 Income Test ); and 

 diversify our holdings so that at the end of each quarter of the taxable year: 

 at least 50 of the value of our assets consists of cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities, securities of other RICs, and other securities if such other securities of any one issuer do not represent more than 5 of the value of our assets or more than 10 of the outstanding voting securities of the issuer; and 

 no more than 25 of the value of our assets is invested in the securities, other than U.S. government securities or securities of other RICs, of one issuer or of two or more issuers that are controlled, as determined under applicable tax rules, by us and that are engaged in the same or similar or related trades or businesses or in the securities of one or more qualified publicly traded partnerships (the Diversification Tests ). 

 If we do not satisfy the requirements of the Diversification Tests as of the end of any quarter, we will not lose our status as a RIC provided that (i) we satisfied the requirements in a prior quarter and (ii) our failure to satisfy the requirements in the current quarter is not due in whole or in part to an acquisition of any security or other property. We may invest in partnerships, including qualified publicly traded partnerships, which may result in our being subject to state, local or foreign income, franchise or withholding liabilities. We may be required to recognize taxable income in circumstances in which we do not receive cash. For example, if we hold debt obligations that are treated under applicable tax rules as having original issue discount (such as debt instruments with payment-in-kind PIK interest or, in certain cases, with increasing interest rates or issued with warrants), we must include in income each year a portion of the original issue discount that accrues over the life of the obligation, regardless of whether cash representing such income is received by us in the same taxable year. Because any original issue discount accrued will be included in our investment company taxable income for the year of accrual, we may be required to make a distribution to our stockholders in order to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement, even though we will not have received any corresponding cash amount. If we are not able to obtain sufficient cash from other sources to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement, we may fail to qualify as a RIC and become subject to corporate-level U.S. federal income taxes on all of our taxable income without the benefit of the dividends-paid deduction. Although we do not presently expect to do so, we are authorized to borrow funds and to sell assets in order (i) to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement and to otherwise eliminate our liability for U.S. federal income and excise taxes and (ii) to satisfy the Diversification Tests. However, under the 1940 Act, we are not permitted to borrow additional funds or to make distributions to our stockholders while our debt obligations and other senior securities are outstanding unless a certain asset coverage test is met. See Regulation Indebtedness; Coverage Ratio. Moreover, our ability to dispose of assets to meet the Annual Distribution Requirement, the Excise Tax Avoidance Requirement or the Diversification Tests may be limited by (a) the illiquid nature of our portfolio and/or (b) other requirements relating to our qualification as a RIC. If we dispose of assets in order to meet the Annual Distribution Requirement, the Excise Tax Avoidance Requirement, or the Diversification Tests, we may make such dispositions at times that, from an investment standpoint, are not advantageous. Certain of our investment practices may be subject to special and complex U.S. federal income tax provisions that may, among other things, (a) treat dividends that would otherwise constitute qualified dividend income as non-qualified dividend income, (b) treat dividends that would otherwise be eligible for the corporate dividends received deduction as ineligible for such treatment, (c) disallow, suspend or otherwise limit the allowance of certain losses or deductions, (d) convert lower-taxed long-term capital gain into higher-taxed short-term capital gain or ordinary income, (e) convert an ordinary loss or a deduction into a capital loss (the deductibility of which is more limited), (f) cause us to recognize income or gain without a corresponding receipt of cash, (g) adversely affect the time as to when a purchase or sale of stock or securities is deemed to occur, (h) adversely alter the characterization of certain complex financial transactions and (i) produce income that will not be qualifying income for purposes of the 90 Income Test. We intend to monitor our transactions and may make certain tax elections to mitigate the effect of these provisions and prevent our disqualification as a RIC. Gain or loss realized by us from warrants acquired by us as well as any loss attributable to the lapse of such warrants generally will be treated as capital gain or loss. Such capital gain or loss generally will be long- term or short-term, depending on how long we held a particular warrant. Some of the income and fees that we may recognize will not be qualifying income for purposes of the 90 Income Test. In order to ensure that such income and fees do not disqualify us as a RIC for a failure to satisfy the 90 Income Test, we may hold assets that generate such income and provide services that generate such fees indirectly through one or more entities treated as corporations for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Such corporations will be required to pay corporate-level U.S. federal income taxes on their earnings, which ultimately will reduce our return on such income and fees. Failure to Qualify as a RIC If we were unable to qualify for treatment as a RIC, we would be subject to tax on all of our taxable income at regular corporate rates, regardless of whether we make any distributions to our stockholders. Distributions would not be required, and any distributions made out of our current or accumulated earnings and profits would be taxable to our stockholders as ordinary dividend income that, subject to certain limitations, may be eligible for the 20.0 maximum rate if paid to non-corporate stockholders. Subject to certain limitations under the Code, corporate distributees would be eligible for the dividends-received deduction with respect to such dividend. Distributions in excess of our current and accumulated earnings and profits would be treated first as a return of capital to the extent of the stockholder s tax basis in our stock, and any remaining distributions would be treated as a capital gain provided the stockholder holds our stock as a capital asset. If we fail to qualify as a RIC for a period greater than two taxable years, to qualify as a RIC in a subsequent year we may be subject to regular corporate tax on any net built-in gains with respect to certain of our assets (i.e., the excess of the aggregate gains, including items of income, over aggregate losses that would have been realized with respect to such assets if we had been liquidated) that we elect to recognize on requalification or when recognized over the next five years. DIVIDEND REINVESTMENT PLAN We have adopted a dividend reinvestment plan that provides for reinvestment of our distributions on behalf of our stockholders, unless a stockholder elects to receive cash as provided below. As a result, if our Board authorizes, and we declare, a cash distribution, then our stockholders who have not opted out of our dividend reinvestment plan will have their cash distributions automatically reinvested in additional shares of our common stock, rather than receiving the cash. No action is required on the part of a registered stockholder to have such shareholder s cash distribution reinvested in shares of our common stock. A registered stockholder may elect to receive an entire distribution in cash by notifying American Stock Transfer Trust Company, the plan administrator and our transfer agent and registrar, in writing so that such notice is received by the plan administrator no later than the record date for distributions to stockholders. The plan administrator will set up an account for shares acquired through the plan for each stockholder who has not elected to receive distributions in cash and hold such shares in non-certificated form. Upon request by a stockholder participating in the plan, received in writing not less than ten days prior to the record date, the plan administrator will, instead of crediting shares to the participant s account, issue a certificate registered in the participant s name for the number of whole shares of our common stock and a check for any fractional share. Those stockholders whose shares are held by a broker or other financial intermediary may receive distributions in cash by notifying their broker or other financial intermediary of their election. We intend to use primarily newly issued shares to implement the plan, whether our shares are trading at a premium or at a discount to net asset value. However, we reserve the right to purchase shares in the open market in connection with our implementation of the plan. The number of shares to be issued to a stockholder is determined by dividing the total dollar amount of the dividend payable to such stockholder by the market price per share of our common stock at the close of regular trading on The NASDAQ Global Select Market on the dividend payment date. Market price per share on that date will be the closing price for such shares on The NASDAQ Global Select Market or, if no sale is reported for such day, at the average of their reported bid and asked prices. Shares purchased in open market transactions by the plan administrator of the dividend reinvestment plan will be allocated to a stockholder based upon the average purchase price, excluding any brokerage charges or other charges, of all shares of common stock purchased with respect to the distribution. There are no brokerage charges or other charges to stockholders who participate in the plan. The plan administrator s fees under the plan are paid by us. If a participant elects by written notice to the plan administrator to have the plan administrator sell part or all of the shares held by the plan administrator in the participant s account and remit the proceeds to the participant, the plan administrator is authorized to deduct a 15.00 transaction fee plus a 0.10 per share brokerage commission from the proceeds. If your distributions are reinvested, you will be required to pay tax on the distributions in the same manner as if the distributions were received in cash. The taxation of distributions will not be affected by the form in which you receive them. Participants may terminate their accounts under the plan by notifying the plan administrator via its website at www.amstock.com , by filling out the transaction request form located at bottom of their statement and sending it to the plan administrator at the address set forth below or by calling the plan administrator at 1-866-668-8564. The plan may be terminated by us upon notice in writing mailed to each participant at least 30 days prior to any record date for the payment of any dividend by us. All correspondence concerning the plan should be directed to, and additional information about the plan may be obtained from, the plan administrator by mail at American Stock Transfer Trust Company, Attn. Dividend Reinvestment Department, P.O. Box 922, Wall Street Station, New York, NY 10269-0560 or by telephone at 1-866-668-8564. 

 Capital markets may experience periods of disruption and instability and we cannot predict when these conditions will occur. Such market conditions could materially and adversely affect debt and equity capital markets in the United States and abroad, which could have a negative impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

 Major public health issues, and specifically the COVID-19 pandemic, could have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations and other aspects of our business. 

 Risks Related to Our Business and Structure 

tolerances or different risk assessments, which could allow them to consider a wider variety of investments, establish more relationships and build their market shares. Furthermore, many of our potential competitors are not subject to the regulatory restrictions that the 1940 Act imposes on us as a BDC. As a result of this competition, there can be no assurance that we will be able to identify and take advantage of attractive investment opportunities or that we will be able to fully invest our available capital. If we are not able to compete effectively, our business and financial condition and results of operations will be adversely affected. 

We are subject to risks associated with the discontinuation of LIBOR all instruments may have such provisions and there is significant uncertainty regarding the effectiveness of any such alternative methodologies. We and our portfolio companies may need to amend or restructure our existing LIBOR-based debt instruments and any related hedging arrangements that extend beyond June 30, 2023, which may be difficult, costly and time consuming. The transition from LIBOR to SOFR or other alternative reference rates may also introduce operational risks in our accounting, financial reporting, loan servicing, liability management and other aspects of our business. 

the same or similar or related trades or businesses or of certain qualified publicly traded partnerships. If we do not satisfy the diversification requirements as of the end of any quarter, we will not lose our status as a RIC provided that (i) we satisfied the requirements in a prior quarter and (ii) our failure to satisfy the requirements in the current quarter is not due in whole or in part to an acquisition of any security or other property. 

 Failure to meet these requirements may result in our having to dispose of certain investments quickly in order to prevent the loss of RIC status. Because most of our investments will be in private companies, and therefore will be illiquid, any such dispositions could be made at disadvantageous prices and could result in substantial losses. Moreover, if we fail to maintain RIC tax treatment for any reason and are subject to corporate-level U.S. federal income taxes, the resulting taxes could substantially reduce our net assets, the amount of income available for distribution and the amount of our distributions. Such a failure would have a material adverse effect on us and on our stockholders. 
 Risks Associated with Our Use of Leverage 
 
 - 
 
 - 

(1) 

Our continued compliance with the covenants under the Revolving Credit Facility and the indenture governing the 4.875 Notes due 2026 Notes depends on many factors, some of which are beyond our control, and there can be no assurance that we will continue to comply with such covenants. Our failure to satisfy the respective covenants could result in foreclosure by the lenders under the applicable credit facility or governing instrument or acceleration by the applicable lenders or noteholders, which would accelerate our repayment obligations under the relevant agreement and thereby have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition, results of operations and ability to pay distributions to our stockholders. 

, as measured immediately after issuance of such security. This requirement limits the amount that we may borrow. Because we will continue to need capital to grow our loan and investment portfolio, this limitation may prevent us from incurring debt and require us to issue additional equity at a time when it may be disadvantageous to do so. We cannot assure you that debt and equity financing will be available to us on favorable terms, or at all, and debt financings may be restricted by the terms of such borrowings. Also, as a business development company, we generally are not permitted to issue equity securities priced below net asset value without stockholder approval. If additional funds are not available to us, we could be forced to curtail or cease new lending and investment activities. 

Risks Related to Our Investments 
 upon our disposition of such interests. However, the equity interests we receive may not appreciate in value and, in fact, may decline in value. Accordingly, we may not be able to realize gains from our equity interests, and any gains that we do realize on the disposition of any equity interests may not be sufficient to offset any other losses we experience. Middle Market Companies . Investments in middle market companies also involve a number of significant risks, including: limited financial resources and inability to meet their obligations, which may be accompanied by a deterioration in the value of any collateral and a reduction in the likelihood of our realizing the value of any guarantees we may have obtained in connection with our investment; 

 shorter operating histories, narrower product lines and smaller market shares than larger businesses, which tend to render them more vulnerable to competitors actions and market conditions, as well as general economic downturns; 

 dependence on management talents and efforts of a small group of persons; therefore, the death, disability, resignation or termination of one or more of these persons could have a material adverse impact on our portfolio company and, in turn, on us; 

 less predictable operating results, being parties to litigation from time to time, engaging in rapidly changing businesses with products subject to a substantial risk of obsolescence and requiring substantial additional capital expenditures to support their operations, finance expansion or maintain their competitive position; 

 difficulty accessing the capital markets to meet future capital needs; and 

 generally less publicly available information about their businesses, operations and financial condition. 

 CLO Fund Investments. Investments in CLO Funds also involve a number of significant risks, including: CLOs typically are comprised of a portfolio of senior secured loans; payments on CLO investments are and will be payable solely from the cash-flows from such senior secured loans; 

 CLO investments are exposed to leveraged credit risk; 

 CLO Funds are highly leveraged; 

 there is the potential for interruption and deferral of cash-flow from CLO investments; 

 interest rates paid by corporate borrowers are subject to volatility; 

 the inability of a CLO collateral manager to reinvest the proceeds of the prepayment of senior secured loans may adversely affect us; 

 our CLO investments are subject to prepayments and calls, increasing re-investment risk; 

 we have limited control of the administration and amendment of any CLO in which we invest; 

 senior secured loans of CLOs may be sold and replaced resulting in a loss to us; 

 our financial results may be affected adversely if one or more of our significant equity or junior debt investments in a CLO vehicle defaults on its payment obligations or fails to perform as we expect; and 

 non-investment grade debt involves a greater risk of default and higher price volatility than investment grade debt. 

additional capital and failure to pay current distributions. Investments in preferred securities involve special risks, such as the risk of deferred distributions, credit risk, illiquidity and limited voting rights. 

Risks Related to Our Common Stock 
 
 common stock. In addition, if our common stock trades below its net asset value, we will generally not be able to issue additional shares of our common stock at its market price without first obtaining the approval of our stockholders and our independent directors. 

Risks Related to Our Notes 

Risks Relating to Acquisitions 
 
 General Risk Factors 
 
 partially cover any loss of revenues or investments, any increases in operating and maintenance expenses, or any replacements or rehabilitation of property. Force majeure events that are incapable of or are too costly to cure could have permanent adverse effects. In addition, certain force majeure events (such as events of war or an outbreak of an infectious disease) could have a broader negative impact on the world economy and international business activity generally, or in any of the countries in which we invest or our portfolio companies operate specifically. Such force majeure events could result in or coincide with: increased volatility in the global securities, derivatives and currency markets; a decrease in the reliability of market prices and difficulty in valuing assets; greater fluctuations in currency exchange rates; increased risk of default (by both government and private issuers); further social, economic, and political instability; nationalization of private enterprise; greater governmental involvement in the economy or in social factors that impact the economy; less governmental regulation and supervision of the securities markets and market participants and decreased monitoring of the markets by governments or self-regulatory organizations and reduced enforcement of regulations; limited, or limitations on, the activities of investors in such markets; controls or restrictions on foreign investment, capital controls and limitations on repatriation of invested capital; inability to purchase and sell investments or otherwise settle security or derivative transactions (i.e., a market freeze); unavailability of currency hedging techniques; substantial, and in some periods extremely high, rates of inflation, which can last many years and have substantial negative effects on credit and securities markets as well as the economy as a whole; recessions; and difficulties in obtaining and/or enforcing legal judgments. Additionally, a major governmental intervention into industry, including the nationalization of an industry or the assertion of control over one or more portfolio companies or its assets, could result in a loss to us, including if the investment in such portfolio companies is canceled, unwound or acquired (which could result in inadequate compensation). Any of the foregoing could therefore adversely affect the performance of us and our investments. 

Item 1B.	 Unresolve d Staff Comments 
 None. 
 28 

Item 2.	 P roperties 
 We do not own any real estate or other real property. 
 Item 3.	 Legal Proceedings 
 The Company is not currently a party to any material legal proceedings except as set forth below. 
 HCAP and certain of its officer and directors as well as JMP Group LLC were named as defendants in two putative stockholder class action lawsuits, both filed in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware, captioned Stewart Thompson v. Joseph Jolson, et al., Case No. 2021-0164 and Ronald Tornese v. Joseph Jolson, et al., Case No. 2021-0167 (the Delaware Actions ). The complaints in the Delaware Actions allege certain breaches of fiduciary duties against the defendants as well as aiding and abetting claims against JMP Group LLC and HCAP s Chief Executive Officer concerning HCAP s proposed merger with the Company and Acquisition Sub that resulted in the merger with and into the Company. 
 On June 9, 2021, HCAP merged with and into the Company with the Company as the surviving corporation. As a result, the Company became responsible for any claims against HCAP as well as for any advancement and/or indemnification owed to the former officers and directors of HCAP. On or about May 10, 2022, plaintiffs in the Delaware Actions filed a consolidated amended complaint seeking damages against defendants for allegedly breaching their fiduciary duties in connection with the proposed merger. On or about May 31, 2022, defendants moved to dismiss the Delaware action. 
 The Delaware Actions remain at the early stage. We and the former HCAP officers and directors intend to defend ourselves vigorously against the allegations in the aforementioned actions to the extent they proceed. Neither the outcome of the lawsuits nor an estimate of any reasonably possible losses is determinable at this time. While we and HCAP maintain directors and officers insurance that provides coverage for claims such as those alleged in the complaints, an adverse judgment for monetary damages in excess of or outside of available insurance coverage could have a material adverse effect on our operations and liquidity. 
 Item 4.	 Mine Saf ety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 5.	 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Sto ckholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 COMMON STOCK AND HOLDERS 
 Our common stock is quoted on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol PTMN. As of March 8, 2023, there were approximately 53 holders of record of our common stock. This number does not include shareholders for whom shares are held in nominee or street name. 

Fourth quarter of 2022 

() 

() 

Third quarter of 2022 

() 

() 

Second quarter of 2022 

() 

() 

First quarter of 2022 

() 

() 

Fourth quarter of 2021 

() 

() 

Third quarter of 2021 

() 

() 

Second quarter of 2021 

() 

() 

First quarter of 2021 

() 

() 
 
 (1) NAV per share is determined as of the last day in the relevant quarter and therefore may not reflect the NAV per share on the date of the high and low sales prices. The NAVs shown are based on outstanding shares at the end of each period. 

 (2) Closing sales price as provided by the NASDAQ. 

 (3) Calculated as of the respective high or low closing sales price divided by the quarter end NAV. 

 (4) On August 23, 2021, we filed a Certificate of Amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of Delaware to effect a 1-for-10 reverse stock split of the issued and outstanding (or held in treasury) of our common stock. The reverse split became effective as of 12:01 a.m. on August 26, 2021. The share information in the table above has been adjusted to reflect the impact of the reverse stock split thereon. 

 Not determinable at the time of filing. On March 8, 2023, the reported closing sales price of our common stock was per share. Shares of BDCs may trade at a market price that is less than the value of the net assets attributable to those shares. The possibility that our shares of common stock will trade at a discount from net asset value per share or at premiums that are unsustainable over the long term are separate and distinct from the risk that our net asset value per share will decrease. It is not possible to predict whether our common stock will trade at, above, or below net asset value per share. Since our initial public offering in December 2006, our shares of common stock have traded at prices both less than and exceeding our net asset value per share. 

 DIVIDEND POLICY 
 We intend to continue to make quarterly distributions to our stockholders. Our quarterly distributions, if any, will be determined by our Board. To maintain our RIC status, we must timely distribute an amount equal to at least 90 of our tax basis ordinary income and realized net short-term capital gains in excess of realized net long-term capital losses, if any, reduced by deductible expenses, out of the assets legally available for distribution, for each year. To avoid certain excise taxes imposed on RICs, we are generally required to distribute during each calendar year an amount at least equal to the sum of (1) 98 of our ordinary income for the calendar year, (2) 98.2 of our capital gains in excess of capital losses for the one-year period ending on October 31 of the calendar year and (3) 100 of any ordinary income and net 
 29 

capital gains for preceding years that were not distributed during such years and on which we paid no corporate tax. If this requirement is not met, we will be required to pay a nondeductible excise tax equal to 4 of the amount by which the required distribution amount exceeds the actual distribution for the year. The taxable income on which an excise tax is paid is generally carried forward and distributed to stockholders in the next tax year. Depending on the level of taxable income earned in a tax year, we may choose to carry forward taxable income in excess of current year distributions into the next tax year and pay a 4 excise tax on such income, to the extent required. 
 We cannot assure you that we will achieve results that will permit the payment of any cash distributions and, because we issued public senior securities, we are prohibited from making distributions if doing so causes us to fail to maintain the asset coverage ratio stipulated by the 1940 Act. Similarly, we may be prohibited from making distributions by the terms of any of our other borrowings. 
 We maintain an opt out dividend reinvestment plan for our common stockholders. As a result, if we declare distributions, then stockholders cash distributions will be automatically reinvested in additional shares of our common stock, unless they specifically opt out of the dividend reinvestment plan so as to receive cash. 
 Performance Graph 
 The following graph compares the return on our common stock with that of the Russell 2000 Index and the Nasdaq Financial 100 Index (IXF), for the period December 11, 2006 (the date of our initial public offering) to December 31, 2022. The graph assumes that, on December 11, 2006, a person invested 100 in each of our common stock, the Russell 2000 Index, and the IFX. The graph measures total shareholder return, which takes into account both changes in stock price and dividends. It assumes that dividends are reinvested. 
 Shareholder Return Performance Graph Cumulative 
 Total Return Since Initial Public Offering (1) 

(1) Total return includes reinvestment of distributions through December 31, 2022. The IXF is an index of diversified financial sector stocks and, as such, the Company believes that it is representative of our industry. The Russell 2000 is a broad-based equity market index that tracks companies with a market capitalization that the Company believes are comparable to it. 

30 

ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 The following table sets forth information regarding repurchases of shares of our common stock during the year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021: 

Total Number of Shares Purchased (2) 
 
 Average Price Per Share (2) 
 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (1)(2) 

Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Program (Dollars in Thousands) (1) 

March 11-March 31, 2021 
 
 - 

- 

10,000 

April 1-June 30, 2021 
 
 15,718 

24.20 

15,718 

9,620 

July 1-September 30, 2021 
 
 59,659 

24.24 

59,659 

8,174 

October 1-December 31, 2021 
 
 - 

- 

8,174 

Total, December 31, 2021 
 
 75,377 

75,377 

March 17-March 31, 2022 
 
 22,990 

23.72 

22,990 

9,455 

April 1-April 30, 2022 
 
 39,014 

23.75 

39,014 

8,528 

May 1-May 31, 2022 
 
 42,426 

22.73 

42,426 

7,564 

June 1-June 30, 2022 
 
 25,187 

22.53 

25,187 

6,996 

July 1-September 30, 2022 
 
 - 

- 

6,996 

October 1-November 30, 2022 
 
 - 

- 

6,996 

December 1-December 31, 2022 
 
 37,400 

22.11 

37,400 

6,169 

Total, December 31, 2022 
 
 167,017 

167,017 

Total 
 
 242,394 

242,394 

(1) On March 11, 2021, the Board of Directors of the Company approved a 10 million stock repurchase program for an approximately one-year period, effective March 11, 2021 and terminating on March 31, 2022. Under this repurchase program, shares could be repurchased from time to time in open market transactions, in privately negotiated transactions or otherwise subject to any law or agreement to which we were party including any restrictions under the 1940 Act and in the indentures for our debt securities. On March 8, 2022, the Board of Directors of the Company authorized a renewed stock repurchase program of up to 10 million (the Renewed Stock Repurchase Program for an approximately one-year period, effective March 8, 2022 and terminating on March 31, 2023. Under this repurchase program, shares may be repurchased from time to time in open market transactions, in privately negotiated transactions or otherwise subject to any law or agreement to which we are party including any restrictions in the 1940 Act or the indenture for our 4.875 Notes Due 2026. The timing and actual number of shares repurchased will depend on a variety of factors, including legal requirements, price, and economic and market conditions. This Renewed Stock Repurchase Program may be suspended or discontinued at any time. Subject to these restrictions, we will selectively pursue opportunities to repurchase shares which are accretive to net asset value per share. 

(2) The Company completed a Reverse Stock Split of 10 to 1 effective August 26, 2021, amounts have been adjusted retroactively to reflect the split. 

SALES OF UNREGISTERED SECURITIES 
 During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, we issued 48,858 shares of common stock pursuant to a dividend reinvestment plan. This issuance was not subject to the registration requirements of the Securities Act. See Note 9 Stockholders Equity, of our Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein. 
 
 Item 6. 	[Reserved] 
 
 31 

Item 7.	 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and related notes and other financial information appearing elsewhere in this annual report. In addition to historical information, the following discussion and other parts of this annual report contain forward-looking information that involves risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated by such forward-looking information due to the factors discussed under Item 1A. Risk Factors and Cautionary Statement Considering Forward-Looking Statements appearing elsewhere in this annual report. Except as otherwise indicated, the terms we, us, our and the Company refer to Portman Ridge Finance Corporation. 
 GENERAL 
 Since April 1, 2019, we have been an externally managed, non-diversified closed-end investment company that has elected to be regulated as a BDC under the 1940 Act. The Adviser is an affiliate of BC Partners. Subject to the overall supervision of the Board, the Adviser is responsible for managing our business and activities, including sourcing investment opportunities, conducting research, performing diligence on potential investments, structuring our investments, and monitoring our portfolio companies on an ongoing basis through a team of investment professionals. 
 We originate, structure, and invest in secured term loans, bonds or notes and mezzanine debt primarily in privately-held middle market companies but may also invest in other investments such as loans to publicly-traded companies, high-yield bonds, and distressed debt securities (collectively the Debt Securities Portfolio ). We also invest in joint ventures and debt and subordinated securities issued by collateralized loan obligation funds CLO Fund Securities ). In addition, from time to time we may invest in the equity securities of privately held middle market companies and may also receive warrants or options to purchase common stock in connection with our debt investments. 
 In our Debt Securities Portfolio, our investment objective is to generate current income and, to a lesser extent, capital appreciation from the investments in senior secured term loans, mezzanine debt and selected equity investments in privately-held middle market companies. We define the middle market as comprising companies with EBITDA of 10 million to 50 million and/or total debt of 25 million to 150 million. We primarily invest in first and second lien term loans which, because of their priority in a company s capital structure, we expect will have lower default rates and higher rates of recovery of principal if there is a default and which we expect will create a stable stream of interest income. The investments in our Debt Securities Portfolio are all or predominantly below investment grade, and have speculative characteristics with respect to the issuer s capacity to pay interest and repay principal. 
 From time-to-time we have made investments in CLO Fund Securities managed by other asset managers. The CLO Funds typically invest in broadly syndicated loans, high-yield bonds and other credit instruments. The majority of our investments in CLO Fund Securities are anticipated to provide us with recurring cash distributions. 
 Subject to market conditions, we intend to grow our portfolio of assets by raising additional capital, including through the prudent use of leverage available to us. As a BDC, we are limited in the amount of leverage we can incur under the 1940 Act. We are allowed to borrow amounts such that our asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, equals at least 150 after such borrowing. See Note 6 - Borrowings to our consolidated financial statements. 
 We have elected to be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a RIC under the Code and intend to operate in a manner to maintain our RIC status. As a RIC, we intend to distribute to our stockholders substantially all of our net ordinary taxable income and the excess of realized net short-term capital gains over realized net long-term capital losses, if any, for each year. To qualify as a RIC, we must, among other things, meet certain source-of-income and asset diversification requirements. Pursuant to this election, we generally will not have to pay corporate-level U.S. federal income taxes on any income that we timely distribute to our stockholders. 
 From time to time, we may seek to retire, repurchase, or exchange debt securities in open market purchases or by other means dependent on market conditions, liquidity, contractual obligations, and other matters. In addition, we evaluate strategic opportunities available to us, including mergers with unaffiliated funds and affiliated funds, divestures, spin-offs, joint ventures and other similar transactions from time to time. An example of an opportunity we are currently in the initial stages of evaluating is a potential merger with one or more of our affiliated 1940 Act funds, which may result in the use of an exchange ratio other than NAV-for-NAV (including but not limited to relative market price) in connection therewith. 
 During the fourth quarter of 2020, LibreMax sold its minority stake in the Adviser to a wholly-owned subsidiary of Mount Logan. An affiliate of BC Partners serves as administrator to Mount Logan. 
 THE EXTERNALIZATION 
 On December 14, 2018, we entered into the Externalization Agreement with BCP, an affiliate of BC Partners, through which the Adviser agreed to become our investment adviser, subject to our stockholders approval of the Advisory Agreement between us and the Adviser. At a special meeting of our stockholders held on February 19, 2019, our stockholders approved the Advisory Agreement. The Externalization closed on April 1, 2019 (the Closing ), and the Company commenced operations as an externally managed BDC managed by the Adviser. 
 Pursuant to the Externalization Agreement with BCP, the Adviser became our investment adviser in exchange for a cash payment from BCP, or its affiliate, of 25 million, or 0.669672 per share of our common stock, directly to our stockholders. In addition, the Adviser (or its affiliate) will use up to 10 million of the incentive fee actually paid to the Adviser prior to the second anniversary of the Closing to buy newly issued shares of our common stock at the most recently determined net asset value per share of our common stock at the time of such purchase. From inception, the Adviser has purchased approximately 4.6 million newly issued shares of our common stock in connection with this agreement. For the period of one year from the first day of the first quarter following the quarter in which the Closing occurred, the Adviser agreed to permanently forego up to the full amount of the incentive fees earned by the Adviser without recourse against or reimbursement by us, to the extent necessary in order to achieve aggregate net investment income per share of our common stock for such one-year period to be at least equal to 0.40 per share, subject to certain adjustments. 
 
 32 

GARS TRANSACTION 
 On October 28, 2020 we completed the GARS Acquisition. To effect the acquisition, our wholly owned merger subsidiary merged with and into GARS, with GARS surviving the merger as our wholly owned subsidiary. Immediately thereafter and as a single integrated transaction, GARS consummated a second merger, whereby GARS merged with and into us, with the Company surviving the merger. In accordance with the terms of the GARS Merger Agreement, each share of GARS Common Stock issued and outstanding was converted into the right to receive (i) an amount in cash, without interest, equal to approximately 1.19 and (ii) approximately 1.917 shares of common stock, par value 0.01 per share, of the Company (plus any applicable cash in lieu of fractional shares). Each share of GARS Common Stock issued and outstanding received, as additional consideration funded by the Adviser, an amount in cash, without interest, equal to approximately 0.31. In connection with the closing of the GARS Acquisition, our Board approved an increase in the size of the Board from seven members to nine members, and appointed two former GARS directors to the Board. Shares of common stock issued and market price have not been adjusted to reflect the Reverse Stock Split. 
 The merger was accounted for in accordance with the asset acquisition method of accounting as detailed in ASC Topic 805-50. The fair value of the consideration paid, and transaction costs incurred to complete the merger by the Company, including 5.0 million of cash payment (deemed capital contribution) paid at closing directly to shareholders of GARS from the Adviser, was allocated to the GARS investments acquired, based on their relative fair values as of the date of acquisition. The fair value of the purchase consideration paid by the Company below the fair value of net assets acquired is considered the purchase discount. Immediately following the acquisition of GARS, we recorded GARS net assets at their respective fair values and, as a result, the purchase discount was allocated to the cost basis of the GARS investments acquired and was immediately recognized as unrealized gain on our Consolidated Statement of Operations. The purchase discount was allocated to the acquired investments on a relative fair value basis and, for performing debt investments, will amortize over the life of the investments through interest income with a corresponding reversal of the unrealized appreciation on the GARS investments acquired through their maturity. Upon the sale of any of the GARS acquired investments, we will recognize a realized gain or a reduction in realized losses with a corresponding reversal of the unrealized losses. 

in thousands) 

Common stock issued by the Company (1) 

38,765 

Cash consideration to GARS shareholders 

24,100 

Transaction costs (excluding offering costs 432) 

1,168 

Total purchase consideration 

64,033 

Assets acquired: 

Investments, at fair value (amortized cost of 277,380) 

317,803 

Cash 

35,361 

Interest receivable 

1,871 

Other assets 

2,088 

Total assets acquired 

357,123 

Liabilities assumed: 

Debt 

251,213 

Other liabilities 

1,455 

Total liabilities assumed 

252,668 

Net assets acquired 

104,455 

Total purchase discount 

(40,422) 

(1) Based on the market price at closing of 1.26 as of October 28, 2020 and the 30,765,640 shares of common stock issued by the Company in conjunction with the merger. 

HCAP ACQUISITION AND ASSUMPTION AND REDEMPTION OF HCAP NOTES 
 On June 9, 2021, we completed the HCAP Acquisition, pursuant to the terms and conditions of the HCAP Merger Agreement. To effect the acquisition, the Acquisition Sub merged with and into HCAP, with HCAP surviving the merger as the Company s wholly owned subsidiary. Immediately thereafter and as a single integrated transaction, HCAP consummated a second merger, whereby HCAP merged with and into the Company, with the Company surviving the merger. As a result of, and as of the effective time of, the second merger, HCAP s separate corporate existence ceased. 
 Under the terms of the HCAP Merger Agreement, HCAP stockholders as of immediately prior to the effective time of the first merger (other than shares held by a subsidiary of HCAP or held, directly or indirectly, by the Company or Acquisition Sub, and all treasury shares (collectively, Cancelled Shares )) received a combination of (i) 18,537,512.65 in cash payable by Company, (ii) 15,252,453 validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable shares of the Company s common stock, par value 0.01 per share, and (iii) an additional cash payment from the Adviser of 2.15 million in the aggregate. Shares of common stock issued and market price have not been adjusted to reflect the Reverse Stock Split. 
 With respect to the merger consideration from the Company, HCAP stockholders as of immediately prior to the effective time of the first merger (other than Cancelled Shares) were entitled, with respect to all or any portion of the shares of HCAP common stock they held as of the effective time of the first merger, to elect to receive the merger consideration in the form of cash (an Election or in the form of our common stock, subject to certain conditions and limitations in the merger agreement. Any HCAP stockholder who did not validly make an Election was deemed to have elected to receive shares of the Company s common stock with respect to the merger consideration as payment for their shares of HCAP common stock. Each share of HCAP common stock (other than Cancelled Shares) with respect to which an Election was made was treated as an Electing Share and each share of HCAP Common Stock (other than Cancelled Shares) with respect to which an Election was not made or that was transferred after the election deadline on June 2, 2021 was treated as a Non-Electing Share. 
 Pursuant to the conditions of and adjustment mechanisms in the HCAP Merger Agreement, 475,806 Electing Shares were converted to Non-Electing Shares for purposes of calculating the total mix of consideration to be paid to each Electing Share in order to ensure that the value of the aggregate cash consideration paid to holders of the Electing Shares equaled the aggregate cash consideration that HCAP received from the Company under the terms of the HCAP Merger Agreement. Accordingly, as a result of the Elections received from HCAP stockholders and any resulting adjustment under the terms of the HCAP Merger Agreement, each Electing Share received, in aggregate, approximately 7.43 in cash and 0.74 shares of the Company's common stock, while each Non-Electing Share received, in aggregate, approximately 3.86 shares of the Company's common stock. 
 The HCAP Acquisition was accounted for in accordance with the asset acquisition method of accounting as detailed in ASC Topic 805-50. The fair value of the consideration paid, and transaction costs incurred to complete the merger by the Company, including 2.15 million of cash payment (deemed capital contribution) paid at closing directly to shareholders of HCAP from the Adviser, was allocated to the HCAP investments acquired, based on their relative fair values as of the date of acquisition. The fair value of the purchase consideration paid by the Company below the fair value of net assets acquired is considered the purchase discount. Immediately following the acquisition of HCAP, the Company recorded HCAP net assets at their respective fair values and, as a result, the purchase discount was allocated to the cost basis of the HCAP investments acquired and was immediately recognized as unrealized gain on the Company's Consolidated Statement of Operations. The purchase discount was allocated to the acquired investments on a relative fair value basis and, for performing debt investments, will amortize over the life of the investments through interest income with a corresponding reversal of the unrealized appreciation on the HCAP investments acquired through their maturity. 
 33 

Upon the sale of any of the HCAP acquired investments, the Company will recognize a realized gain or a reduction in realized losses with a corresponding reversal of the unrealized losses. 

in thousands) 

Common stock issued by the Company (1) 

37,063 

Cash consideration to HCAP shareholders (2) 

20,688 

Transaction costs (excluding offering costs 519) 

881 

Total purchase consideration 

58,632 

Assets acquired: 

Investments, at fair value (amortized cost of 53,812) 

57,621 

Cash 

32,119 

Interest receivable 

431 

Other assets 

2,665 

Total assets acquired 

92,836 

Liabilities assumed: 

Debt 

28,750 

Other liabilities 

1,645 

Total liabilities assumed 

30,395 

Net assets acquired 

62,441 

Total purchase discount 

(3,809) 

(1) Based on the market price at closing of 2.43 as of June 9, 2021 and the 15,252,453 shares of common stock issued by the Company in conjunction with the merger. 

(2) Approximately 18.5 million cash consideration paid by the Company plus 2.15 million cash payment paid at closing directly to shareholders of HCAP from the Adviser. 

On June 9, 2021, the Company entered into a third supplemental indenture (the HCAP Third Supplemental Indenture by and between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (the Trustee ), effective as of the closing of the HCAP Acquisition. The HCAP Third Supplemental Indenture relates to the Company s assumption of 28.75 million in aggregate principal amount of HCAP s 6.125 Notes due September 15, 2022 (the HCAP Notes ). 
 Pursuant to the HCAP Third Supplemental Indenture, the Company expressly assumed the due and punctual payment of the principal of (and premium, if any) and interest, if any, on the HCAP Notes and the performance of HCAP s covenants under the base indenture, dated as of January 27, 2015, by and between HCAP and the Trustee, as supplemented by the second supplemental indenture, dated as of August 24, 2017, by and between HCAP and the Trustee. No change of control offer was required to be made in respect of the HCAP Notes in connection with the consummation of the HCAP Acquisition. 
 The HCAP Notes could be redeemed by the Company at any time at par value plus accrued and unpaid interest. On July 23, 2021, the Company redeemed the entire notional amount of 28.75 million of the HCAP Notes. 
 PORTFOLIO AND INVESTMENT ACTIVITY 
 Our primary investments are lending to and investing in middle-market businesses through investments in senior secured loans, junior secured loans, subordinated/mezzanine debt investments, and other equity investments, which may include warrants, investments in joint ventures, and investments in CLO Fund Securities. 
 Total portfolio investment activity (excluding activity in U.S. treasury bills and money market investments) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was as follows: 

in thousands) 
 
 Debt Securities 

Equity Securities 

CLO Fund Securities 

Joint Ventures 

Derivatives 

Total Portfolio 

Fair Value at December 31, 2019 2020 Activity: 

186,803 

9,864 

31,968 

45,088 

(33) 

273,690 

Purchases / originations / draws 

380,766 

4,938 

- 

14,098 

- 

399,802 

Pay-downs / pay-offs / sales 

(198,365) 

(1,516) 

(4,432) 

(7,760) 

(978) 

(213,051) 

Net accretion of interest 

8,228 

- 

3,542 

- 

- 

11,770 

Net realized gains (losses) 

7,617 

(989) 

- 

- 

977 

7,605 

Increase (decrease) in fair value 

19,812 

1,648 

(11,495) 

(2,077) 

(1,075) 

6,813 

Fair Value at December 31, 2020 2021 Activity: 

404,861 

13,945 

19,583 

49,349 

(1,109) 

486,629 

Purchases / originations / draws 

309,363 

9,002 

18,077 

34,358 

- 

370,800 

Pay-downs / pay-offs / sales 

(287,238) 

(4,740) 

(11,675) 

(24,925) 

(880) 

(329,458) 

Net accretion of interest 

27,549 

- 

4,754 

- 

- 

32,303 

Net realized gains (losses) 

2,361 

(2,176) 

(5,323) 

- 

880 

(4,258) 

Increase (decrease) in fair value 

(21,603) 

6,555 

6,216 

1,692 

(1,303) 

(8,443) 

Fair Value at December 31, 2021 2022 Activity: 

435,293 

22,586 

31,632 

60,474 

(2,412) 

547,573 

Purchases / originations / draws 

205,555 

10,807 

- 

15,412 

- 

231,774 

Pay-downs / pay-offs / sales 

(144,386) 

(9,980) 

(6,194) 

(10,400) 

2,075 

(168,885) 

Net accretion of interest 

10,652 

- 

4,044 

- 

- 

14,696 

Net realized gains (losses) 

(14,723) 

1,341 

(14,762) 

(526) 

(2,095) 

(30,765) 

Increase (decrease) in fair value 

(17,226) 

(2,849) 

5,733 

(6,005) 

2,432 

(17,915) 

Fair Value at December 31, 2022 

475,165 

21,905 

20,453 

58,955 

- 

576,478 

34 

The level of investment activity for investments funded and principal repayments for our investments can vary substantially from period to period depending on the number and size of investments that we invest in or divest of, and many other factors, including the amount and competition for the debt and equity securities available to middle market companies, the level of merger and acquisition activity for such companies and the general economic environment. 
 The following table shows the Company s portfolio by security type at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021: 

in thousands) 
 
 December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Security Type 
 
 Cost/Amortized Cost 

Fair Value 

) 

Cost/Amortized Cost 

Fair Value 

) 

Senior Secured Loan 

435,856 

418,722 

73 

361,556 

364,701 

66 

Junior Secured Loan 

65,776 

56,400 

10 

82,996 

70,549 

13 

Senior Unsecured Bond 

416 

43 

0 

416 

43 

0 

Equity Securities 

28,848 

21,905 

4 

26,680 

22,586 

4 

CLO Fund Securities 

34,649 

20,453 

3 

51,561 

31,632 

6 

Asset Manager Affiliates (2) 

17,791 

- 

- 

17,791 

- 

- 

Joint Ventures 

68,850 

58,955 

10 

64,365 

60,474 

11 

Derivatives 

31 

- 

- 

31 

(2,412) 

- 

Total 

652,217 

576,478 

100 

605,396 

547,573 

100 

(1) Represents percentage of total portfolio at fair value. 

(2) Represents the equity investment in the Asset Manager Affiliates. 

The industry concentrations, based on the fair value of the Company s investment portfolio as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, for our investment portfolio was as follows: 

in thousands) 
 
 December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Industry Classification 
 
 Cost/Amortized Cost 

Fair Value 

) 

Cost/Amortized Cost 

Fair Value 

) 

Aerospace and Defense 

10,579 

10,494 

2 

11,730 

11,692 

2 

Asset Management Company (2) 

17,791 

- 

- 

17,791 

- 

- 

Automotive 

7,329 

6,947 

1 

11,331 

11,487 

2 

Banking, Finance, Insurance Real Estate 

76,038 

78,264 

14 

41,487 

42,858 

8 

Beverage, Food and Tobacco 

12,619 

12,456 

2 

5,511 

5,625 

1 

Capital Equipment 

10,681 

2,745 

1 

14,387 

10,620 

2 

Chemicals, Plastics Rubber 

10,447 

10,359 

2 

12,692 

12,969 

2 

CLO Fund Securities 

34,649 

20,453 

3 

51,561 

31,632 

6 

Construction Building 

9,545 

9,199 

2 

8,966 

9,501 

2 

Consumer goods: Durable 

16,762 

13,943 

2 

25,151 

24,831 

5 

Consumer goods: Non-durable 

- 

- 

- 

4,162 

4,197 

1 

Containers, Packaging and Glass 

2,754 

2,655 

1 

2,780 

2,570 

1 

Electronics 

10,866 

11,129 

2 

10,623 

11,089 

2 

Energy: Electricity 

671 

671 

0 

- 

- 

- 

Energy: Oil Gas 

6,718 

1,056 

0 

7,921 

2,355 

0 

Environmental Industries 

4,315 

4,930 

1 

4,315 

4,200 

1 

Finance 

17,570 

17,581 

3 

10,916 

10,912 

2 

Forest Products Paper 

1,589 

1,373 

0 

1,583 

1,271 

0 

Healthcare, Education and Childcare 

9,726 

9,586 

2 

9,783 

9,752 

2 

Healthcare Pharmaceuticals 

51,901 

50,566 

9 

71,696 

62,275 

11 

High Tech Industries 

83,661 

73,994 

13 

58,803 

58,715 

11 

Hotel, Gaming Leisure 

10,245 

6,798 

1 

4,906 

4,898 

1 

Joint Ventures 

68,850 

58,955 

10 

64,365 

60,474 

11 

Machinery (Non-Agrclt/Constr/Electr) 

9,461 

9,291 

2 

7,748 

8,967 

2 

Media: Advertising, Printing Publishing 

150 

549 

0 

150 

246 

0 

Media: Broadcasting Subscription 

14,930 

14,358 

2 

12,407 

13,255 

2 

Media: Diversified Production 

6,976 

6,572 

1 

6,272 

6,365 

1 

Metals Mining 

15,846 

14,786 

3 

15,342 

13,647 

3 

Retail 

10,772 

10,871 

2 

6,144 

6,775 

1 

Services: Business 

66,807 

66,207 

11 

76,071 

77,798 

14 

Services: Consumer 

8,569 

8,128 

1 

990 

990 

0 

Telecommunications 

11,475 

10,077 

2 

7,521 

6,675 

1 

Textiles and Leather 

12,689 

12,808 

2 

12,496 

11,095 

2 

Transportation: Cargo 

11,583 

11,342 

2 

- 

- 

- 

Transportation: Consumer 

7,653 

7,335 

1 

7,795 

7,837 

1 

Total 

652,217 

576,478 

100 

605,396 

547,573 

100 

(1) Calculated as a percentage of total portfolio at fair value. 

(2) Represents the equity investment in the Asset Manager Affiliates. 

35 

Debt Securities Portfolio 
 At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the weighted average contractual interest rate on our interest earning Debt Securities Portfolio, was approximately 11.1 and 8.1 , respectively. 
 The investment portfolio (excluding our investments in the CLO Funds, Joint Ventures and Asset Manager Affiliates) at December 31, 2022 was spread across 31 different industries and 119 different entities with an average par balance per entity of approximately 3.3 million. As of December 31, 2022, four of our debt investments were on non-accrual status. 
 We may invest up to 30 of our investment portfolio in non-qualifying opportunistic investments such as high-yield bonds, debt and equity securities of CLO Funds, foreign investments, joint ventures, managed funds, partnerships and distressed debt or equity securities of large cap public companies. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the total amount of non-qualifying assets was approximately 17.6 and 15.8 of total assets, respectively. The majority of non-qualifying assets were the Company s investments in Joint Ventures, in the aggregate representing 9.5 and 9.3 of the total assets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, and the Company s investments in CLO Funds, which are typically domiciled outside the U.S. and represented approximately 3.3 and 4.9 of its total assets on such dates, respectively. 
 Asset Manager Affiliates 
 As of December 31, 2022, our remaining asset management affiliates (the Asset Manager Affiliates have limited operations and are expected to be liquidated. As of December 31, 2022, the Asset Manager Affiliates manage CLO Funds that invest in broadly syndicated loans, high yield bonds and other credit instruments. 
 CLO Fund Securities 
 We have made minority investments in the subordinated securities or preferred shares of CLO Funds managed by the Disposed Manager Affiliates and may selectively invest in securities issued by CLO Funds managed by other asset management companies. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we had approximately 20.5 million and 31.6 million, respectively invested in CLO Fund Securities, issued primarily by CLO Funds managed by the Disposed Manager Affiliates. 
 The CLO Funds invest primarily in broadly syndicated non-investment grade loans, high-yield bonds and other credit instruments of corporate issuers. The underlying assets in each of the CLO Fund Securities in which we have an investment are generally diversified secured or unsecured corporate debt. 
 The structure of CLO Funds, which are highly levered, is extremely complicated. Since we primarily invest in securities representing the residual interests of CLO Funds, our investments are much riskier than the risk profile of the loans by which such CLO Funds are collateralized. Our investments in CLO Funds may be riskier and less transparent to us and our stockholders than direct investments in the underlying loans. For a more detailed discussion of the risks related to our investments in CLO Funds, please see Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Investments Our investments may be risky, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 
 Our CLO Fund Securities as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 were as follows: 

in thousands) 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

CLO Fund Securities 
 
 Investment 
 
 (1) 

Amortized Cost 

Fair Value 

Amortized Cost 

Fair Value 

Catamaran CLO 2013- 1 Ltd. 
 
 Subordinated Notes 

- 

- 

- 

4,198 

1,779 

Catamaran CLO 2014-1 Ltd. 
 
 Subordinated Notes 

22 

4,216 

3,232 

9,679 

4,278 

Catamaran CLO 2014-2 Ltd. 
 
 Subordinated Notes 

25 

6,066 

- 

6,066 

- 

Catamaran CLO 2015-1 Ltd. 
 
 Subordinated Notes 

10 

2,534 

- 

2,549 

- 

Catamaran CLO 2018-1 Ltd. 
 
 Subordinated Notes 

25 

6,338 

4,753 

8,694 

6,314 

Dryden 30 Senior Loan Fund 
 
 Subordinated Notes 

7 

868 

868 

1,147 

1,258 

JMP CLO IV Junior Sub Note 
 
 Subordinated Notes 

57 

4,020 

4,020 

8,530 

8,105 

JMP CLO V Junior Sub Note 
 
 Subordinated Notes 

57 

10,607 

7,580 

10,698 

9,898 

Total 

34,649 

20,453 

51,561 

31,632 

(1) Represents percentage of class held as of December 31, 2022. 

Investment in Joint Ventures 
 KCAP Freedom 3 LLC 
 During the third quarter of 2017, we and Freedom 3 Opportunities, an affiliate of Freedom 3 Capital LLC, entered into an agreement to create the F3C Joint Venture. We contributed approximately 37 million and Freedom 3 Opportunities contributed approximately 25 million, in assets to the F3C Joint Venture, which in turn used the assets to capitalize the Fund managed by KCAP Management, LLC, one of the Asset Manager Affiliates. In addition, the Fund used cash on hand and borrowings under a credit facility to purchase approximately 184 million of primarily middle-market loans from us and we used the proceeds from such sale to redeem approximately 147 million in debt issued by KCAP Senior Funding. The Fund invests primarily in middle-market loans and the F3C Joint Venture partners may source middle-market loans from time-to-time for the Fund. 
 During the fourth quarter of 2017, the Fund was refinanced through the issuance of senior and subordinated notes. The F3C Joint Venture purchased 100 of the subordinated notes issued by the Fund. In connection with the refinancing, the F3C Joint Venture made a cash distribution to us of approximately 12.6 million. 11.8 million of this distribution was a return of capital, reducing the cost basis of our investment in the F3C Joint Venture by that amount. The final determination of the tax attributes of distributions from the F3C Joint Venture is made on an annual (full calendar year) basis at the end of the year, therefore, any estimate of tax attributes of distributions made on an interim basis may not be representative of the actual tax attributes of distributions for the full year. 
 36 

In connection with the Externalization, during the first quarter of 2019, KCAP Management agreed to waive management fees it is otherwise entitled to receive for managing the Fund. In addition, the F3C Joint Venture was restructured such that we are now entitled to receive a preferred distribution in an amount equal to the fees waived by KCAP Management. The impact of these transactions was a reduction in the fair value of the Asset Manager Affiliates (realized loss) and increase the fair value of our investment in the F3C Joint Venture (unrealized gain) during the first quarter of 2019. 
 We own a 62.8 economic interest in the F3C Joint Venture. The F3C Joint Venture is structured as an unconsolidated Delaware limited liability company. All portfolio and other material decisions regarding the F3C Joint Venture must be submitted to its board of managers, which is comprised of four members, two of whom were selected by us and two of whom were selected by Freedom 3 Opportunities, and must be approved by at least one member appointed by us and one appointed by Freedom 3 Opportunities. In addition, certain matters may be approved by the F3C Joint Venture s investment committee, which is comprised of one member appointed by us and one member appointed by Freedom 3 Opportunities. 
 We have determined that the F3C Joint Venture is an investment company under Accounting Standards Codification ASC ), Financial Services Investment Companies ASC 946 ), however, in accordance with such guidance, we will generally not consolidate our investment in a company other than a wholly owned investment company subsidiary or a controlled operating company whose business consists of providing services to us. We do not consolidate its interest in the F3C Joint Venture because we do not control the F3C Joint Venture due to allocation of the voting rights among the F3C Joint Venture partners. As of December 31, 2022, the F3C Joint Venture is not considered to be a significant subsidiary under Rule 3-09 and therefore summarized financial information for the period has not been included. Summarized financial information for the years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 have been included for comparative purposes. 
 KCAP Freedom 3 LLC 
 Summarized Statements of Financial Condition 
 (in thousands) 

As of December 31, 2021 

Cash 

- 

Investment at fair value 

35,841 

Total Assets 

35,841 

Total Liabilities 

164 

Total Equity 

35,677 

Total Liabilities and Equity 

35,841 

KCAP Freedom 3 LLC 
 Summarized Statements of Operations 
 (in thousands) 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2021 

2020 

Investment income 

7,274 

5,006 

Operating expenses 

67 

72 

Net investment income 

7,207 

4,934 

Unrealized appreciation on investments 

2,577 

(518) 

Net income 

9,784 

4,416 

KCAP Freedom 3 LLC 
 Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2021 
 (in thousands) 

Portfolio Company 
 
 Investment 
 
 Percentage Ownership by Joint Venture 

Amortized Cost 

Fair Value 

Great Lakes KCAP F3C Senior, LLC (1)(2) 
 
 Subordinated Securities, effective interest 21.3 , 12/29 maturity 

100.0 

40,847 

35,841 

Total Investments 

40,847 

35,841 

(1) CLO Subordinated Investments are entitled to periodic distributions which are generally equal to the remaining cash flow of the payments made by the underlying fund s investments less contractual payments to debt holders and fund expenses. The estimated annualized effective yield indicated is based upon a current projection of the amount and timing of these distributions. Such projections are updated on a quarterly basis and the estimated effective yield is adjusted prospectively. 

(2) Fair value of this investment was determined using significant unobservable inputs, including a third-party broker quote. 

Series A Great Lakes Funding II LLC 
 In August 2022, the Company invested in Series A Great Lakes Funding II LLC (the Great Lakes II Joint Venture, collectively with the F3C Joint Venture the Joint Ventures ), a joint venture with an investment strategy to underwrite and hold senior, secured unitranche loans made to middle-market companies. The Company treats its investment in the Great Lakes II Joint Venture as a joint venture since an affiliate of the Adviser controls a 50 voting interest in the Great Lakes II Joint Venture. In connection with the launch of the Great Lakes II Joint Venture, the Company entered into a series of transactions pursuant to which the Company s prior investment in BCP Great Lakes Holdings LP, a vehicle formed as a co-investment vehicle to facilitate the participation of certain co-investors to invest, directly or indirectly, in BCP Great Lakes Funding, LLC (the Prior Great Lakes Joint Venture ), and the corresponding assets held by the Prior Great Lakes Joint Venture in respect of the Company s investment in BCP Great Lakes Holdings LP, were transferred to the Great Lakes II Joint Venture in complete redemption of the Company s investment in BCP Great Lakes Holdings LP. 
 The Great Lakes II Joint Venture is a Delaware series limited liability company, and pursuant to the terms of the Great Lakes Funding II LLC Limited Liability Company Agreement (the Great Lakes II LLC Agreement ), prior to the end of the investment period with respect to each series established under the Great Lakes II LLC Agreement, each member of the predecessor series would be offered the opportunity to roll its interests into any subsequent series of the Great Lakes II Joint Venture. The Company does not pay any advisory fees in connection with its investment in the Great Lakes II Joint Venture. Certain other funds managed by the Adviser or its affiliates have also invested in the Great Lakes II Joint Venture. 
 37 

The fair value of the Company s investment in the Great Lakes II Joint Venture at December 31, 2022 was 40.3 million. The fair value of the Company s investment in the Prior Great Lakes Joint Venture at December 31, 2021 was 37.4 million. Fair value has been determined utilizing the practical expedient pursuant to ASC 820-10. Pursuant to the terms of the Great Lakes II LLC Agreement, the Company generally may not effect any direct or indirect sale, transfer, assignment, hypothecation, pledge or other disposition of or encumbrance upon its interests in the Great Lakes II Joint Venture, except that the Company may sell or otherwise transfer its interests with the consent of the managing members of the Great Lakes II Joint Venture or to an affiliate or a successor to substantially all of the assets of the Company. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company has a 8.0 million unfunded commitment to the Great Lakes II Joint Venture. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had a 13.0 million unfunded commitment to the Prior Great Lakes Joint Venture. 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The principal measure of our financial performance is the net increase (decrease) in stockholders equity resulting from operations, which includes net investment income (loss) and net realized and unrealized appreciation (depreciation). Net investment income (loss) is the difference between our income from interest, distributions, fees, and other investment income and our operating expenses, including interest expense. Net realized gain (loss) on investments is the difference between the proceeds received from dispositions of portfolio investments and their amortized cost. Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments is the net change in the fair value of our investment portfolio. 
 Set forth below is a discussion of our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Revenue 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

INVESTMENT INCOME 

Interest income: 

Non-controlled/non-affiliated investments 

51,090 

60,236 

24,335 

Non-controlled affiliated investments 

3,150 

4,775 

7,416 

Total interest income 

54,240 

65,011 

31,751 

Payment-in-kind income: 

Non-controlled/non-affiliated investments 

4,950 

3,355 

3,218 

Non-controlled affiliated investments 

477 

166 

- 

Controlled affiliated investments 

181 

- 

- 

Total payment-in-kind income 

5,608 

3,521 

3,218 

Dividend income: 

Non-controlled affiliated investments 

4,450 

4,006 

2,649 

Controlled affiliated investments 

4,141 

5,170 

4,263 

Total dividend income 

8,591 

9,176 

6,912 

Fees and other income: 

Non-controlled/non-affiliated investments 

1,135 

2,378 

868 

Non-controlled affiliated investments 

40 

- 

- 

Total fees and other income 

1,175 

2,378 

868 

Interest from cash and time deposits 

- 

- 

15 

Total investment income 

69,614 

80,086 

42,764 

Revenues consist primarily of investment income from interest and dividends on our investment portfolio and various ancillary fees related to our investment holdings. Investment income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, was approximately 69.6 million, 80.1 million and 42.8 million respectively. 
 Interest from Investments in Debt Securities . We generate interest income from our investments in debt securities that consist primarily of senior and junior secured loans. Our Debt Securities Portfolio is spread across multiple industries and geographic locations and, as such, we are broadly exposed to market conditions and business environments. As a result, although our investments are exposed to market risks, we continuously seek to limit concentration of exposure in any particular sector or issuer. 
 The majority of investment income is attributable to interest income on our Debt Securities Portfolio. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 approximately 55.8 million, 63.8 million and 31.4 million, respectively, investment income was attributable to interest income on our Debt Securities Portfolio. The increase in interest income is primarily driven by additions to the Debt Securities Portfolio through merger transactions, as well as an increase in the contractual interest rates on our loans. 
 At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the weighted average contractual interest rate on our interest earning Debt Securities Portfolio was approximately 11.1 and 8.1 , respectively. 
 Investment income is primarily dependent on the composition and credit quality of our investment portfolio. Generally, our Debt Securities Portfolio is expected to generate predictable, recurring interest income in accordance with the contractual terms of each loan. Corporate equity securities may pay a dividend and may increase in value for which a gain may be recognized; generally, such dividend payments and gains are less predictable than interest income on our loan portfolio. 
 38 

Investment income is comprised of coupon interest, accretion of discount and accelerated accretion resulting from paydowns and other revenue earned from operations. Recent acquisitions of GARS (October 2020) and HCAP (June 2021) have had a significant positive impact on earnings as a result of amortization of purchase discount established at the time of the merger. The table below illustrates that impact. 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Interest from investments in debt excluding accretion 

44,771 

42,787 

Purchase discount accounting 

5,425 

16,644 

PIK Investment Income 

5,608 

4,345 

CLO Income 

4,044 

4,754 

JV Income 

8,591 

9,178 

Service Fees 

1,175 

2,378 

Investment Income 

69,614 

80,086 

Less : Purchase discount accounting 

(5,425) 

(16,644) 

Core Investment Income 

64,189 

63,442 

Core investment income excludes the impact of purchase discount amortization in connection with the GARS and HCAP mergers which is investment income as determined in accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles U.S. GAAP ), excluding the impact of purchase discount amortization associated with the GARS and HCAP mergers. We believe presenting investment income excluding the impact of the GARS and HCAP merger-related purchase discount amortization and the related per share amount is useful and appropriate supplemental disclosure for analyzing our financial performance due to the unique circumstance giving rise to the purchase accounting adjustment. However, this measure is a non-U.S. GAAP measure and should not be considered as a replacement for net investment income and other earnings measures presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Instead, this measure should be reviewed only in connection with such U.S. GAAP measures in analyzing Portman Ridge s financial performance. A reconciliation of net investment income in accordance with U.S. GAAP to net investment income excluding the impact of purchase accounting is detailed in the table above. 
 In addition to the amortization of purchase discount in the amount of 5.4 million and 16.6 million illustrated above, the Company recognized additional purchase discount of approximately 280 thousand and 3.4 million in net realized gains (losses) from investment transactions, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 Investment Income on Investments in CLO Fund Securities . For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, approximately 4.0 million, 4.8 million and 3.5 million, respectively, of investment income was attributable to investments in CLO Fund Securities. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we acquired two additional investments in CLO Fund Securities. We generate investment income from our investments in the securities (typically preferred shares or subordinated securities) of CLO Funds. CLO Funds invest primarily in broadly syndicated non-investment grade loans, high-yield bonds and other credit instruments of corporate issuers. The underlying assets in each of the CLO Funds in which we have an investment are generally diversified secured or unsecured corporate debt. Our CLO Fund Securities that are subordinated securities or preferred shares junior securities are subordinated to senior note holders who typically receive a return on their investment at a fixed spread relative to the LIBOR index. The CLO Funds are leveraged funds and any excess cash flow or excess spread (interest earned by the underlying securities in the fund less payments made to senior bond holders and less fund expenses and management fees) is paid to the holders of the CLO Fund s subordinated securities or preferred shares. The level of excess spread from CLO Fund Securities can be impacted by the timing and level of the resetting of the benchmark interest rate for the underlying assets (which reset at various times throughout the quarter) in the CLO Fund and the related CLO Fund note liabilities (which reset at each quarterly distribution date); in periods of short-term and volatile changes in the benchmark interest rate, the levels of excess spread and resulting cash distributions to us can vary significantly. 
 Interest income on investments in CLO equity investments is recorded using the effective interest method in accordance with the provisions of ASC 325-40, Beneficial Interests in Securitized Financial Assets ASC 325-40 ), based on the anticipated yield and the estimated cash flows over the projected life of the investment. Yields are revised when there are changes in actual or estimated projected future cash flows due to changes in prepayments and/or re-investments, credit losses or asset pricing. Changes in estimated yield are recognized as an adjustment to the estimated yield prospectively over the remaining life of the investment from the date the estimated yield was changed. Accordingly, investment income recognized on CLO equity securities in our U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP statement of operations differs from both the tax basis investment income and from the cash distributions actually received by us during the period. As a RIC, we anticipate a timely distribution of our tax-basis taxable income. 
 Investments in Joint Ventures. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020,we recognized 8.6 million, 9.2 million and 6.9 million, respectively, in investment income from our investments in Joint Ventures. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the fair value of our investments in Joint Ventures was approximately 59.0 million and 60.5 million, respectively. The final determination of the tax attributes of distributions from Joint Ventures is made on an annual (full calendar year) basis at the end of the year based upon taxable income and distributions for the full year. Therefore, any estimate of tax attributes of distributions made on an interim basis may not be representative of the actual tax attributes of distributions for the full year. 
 Capital Structuring Service Fees . We may earn ancillary structuring and other fees related to the origination, investment, disposition or liquidation of debt and investment securities. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, approximately 1.2 million, 2.4 million and 0.9 million of investment income was attributable to Capital Structuring Fees. The decrease in Capital Structuring Fees over prior year was primarily due to decreased amendment and portfolio activity. 
 39 

Expenses 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

EXPENSES 

Management fees 

8,349 

7,916 

4,579 

Performance-based incentive fees 

6,126 

7,075 

4,858 

Interest and amortization of debt issuance costs 

17,701 

13,644 

10,284 

Professional fees 

3,400 

3,660 

2,836 

Administrative services expense 

3,364 

3,219 

1,941 

Other general and administrative expenses 

1,784 

2,568 

1,823 

Total expenses 

40,724 

38,082 

26,321 

Management and performance-based incentive fees waived 

- 

- 

(557) 

Net Expenses 

40,724 

38,082 

25,764 

In connection with the Advisory Agreement, we pay the Adviser certain investment advisory fees and reimburse the Adviser and Administrator for certain expenses incurred in connection with the services they provide. We bear our allocable portion of the compensation paid by the Adviser (or its affiliates) to our chief compliance officer and chief financial officer and their respective staffs (based on a percentage of time such individuals devote, on an estimated basis, to our business affairs). We also bear all other costs and expenses of our operations, administration and transactions, including, but not limited to (i) investment advisory fees, including management fees and incentive fees, to the Adviser, pursuant to the Advisory Agreement; (ii) our allocable portion of overhead and other expenses incurred by the Adviser (or its affiliates) in performing its administrative obligations under the Advisory Agreement, and (iii) all other expenses of our operations and transactions including, without limitation, those relating to: 
 the cost of calculating our net asset value, including the cost of any third-party valuation services; 

the cost of effecting any sales and repurchases of our common stock and other securities; 

fees and expenses payable under any dealer manager or placement agent agreements, if any; 

administration fees payable under the Administration Agreement and any sub-administration agreements, including related expenses; 

debt service and other costs of borrowings or other financing arrangements; 

costs of hedging; 

expenses, including travel expense, incurred by the Adviser, or members of the investment team, or payable to third parties, performing due diligence on prospective portfolio companies and, if necessary, enforcing our rights; 

transfer agent and custodial fees; 

fees and expenses associated with marketing efforts; 

federal and state registration fees, any stock exchange listing fees and fees payable to rating agencies; 

federal, state and local taxes; 

independent directors fees and expenses including certain travel expenses; 

costs of preparing financial statements and maintaining books and records and filing reports or other documents with the SEC (or other regulatory bodies) and other reporting and compliance costs, including registration and listing fees, and the compensation of professionals responsible for the preparation of the foregoing; 

the costs of any reports, proxy statements or other notices to stockholders (including printing and mailing costs), the costs of any stockholder or director meetings and the compensation of personnel responsible for the preparation of the foregoing and related matters; 

commissions and other compensation payable to brokers or dealers; 

research and market data; 

fidelity bond, directors and officers errors and omissions liability insurance and other insurance premiums; 

direct costs and expenses of administration, including printing, mailing, long distance telephone and staff; 

fees and expenses associated with independent audits, outside legal and consulting costs; 

costs of winding up our affairs; 

costs incurred by either the Administrator or us in connection with administering our business, including payments under the Administration Agreement; 

extraordinary expenses (such as litigation or indemnification); and 

costs associated with reporting and compliance obligations under the 1940 Act and applicable federal and state securities laws. 

Management Fees and Incentive Fees. Management fees for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were approximately 8.3 million, 7.9 million and 4.6 million, respectively. The Company incurred incentive fees of 6.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, 7.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, and 4.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, of which approximately 557 thousand were waived. See The Externalization above. 
 Interest and Amortization of Debt Issuance Costs . Interest expense is dependent on the average outstanding balance on our borrowings and the base index rate for the period. Debt issuance costs represent fees and other direct costs incurred in connection with our borrowings. These amounts are capitalized and amortized over the expected term of the borrowing. 
 40 

Professional Fees and General and Administrative Expenses. The balance of our expenses includes professional fees (primarily legal, accounting, director fees, valuation and other professional services), insurance costs, Administrative services expense under the Administration Agreement and general administrative and other costs. 
 Total expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were approximately 40.7 million, 38.1 million and 26.3 million, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, interest expense and amortization on debt issuance costs and discount for the period was approximately 17.7 million, 13.6 million and 10.3 million, respectively, on average debt outstanding of 363 million, 350 million, and 203 million, respectively. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, professional fees totaled approximately 3.4 million, 3.7 million and 2.8 million, respectively. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, administrative services expense was approximately 3.4 million, 3.2 million, and 1.9 million, respectively. The increase in administrative services expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 in comparison to the prior year was primarily driven by the increase in assets under management. 
 Other general and administrative expenses, which includes technology and other office and administrative expenses, totaled approximately 1.8 million, 2.6 million and 1.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Net Investment Income and Net Realized Gains (Losses) 
 Net investment income and net realized gains (losses) represents the change in stockholder s equity before net unrealized appreciation or depreciation on investments. For the year ended December 31, 2022, net investment income and net realized losses were approximately 2.3) million, or 0.24) per share. For the year ended December 31, 2021, net investment income and net realized gains were approximately 37.7 million, or 4.42 per share. For the year ended December 31, 2020, net investment income and net realized gains were approximately 24.6 million, or 4.92 per share. Net investment income represents the income earned on our investments less operating and interest expense before net realized gains or losses and unrealized appreciation or depreciation on investments. 
 Investments are carried at fair value, with changes in fair value recorded as unrealized appreciation (depreciation) in the statement of operations. When an investment is sold or liquidated, any previously recognized unrealized appreciation/depreciation is reversed and a corresponding amount is recognized as realized gain (loss). For the year ended December 31, 2022, GAAP-basis net investment income was approximately 28.9 million or 3.00 per share, while tax-basis distributable income was approximately 29.6 million or 3.07 per share. For the year ended December 31, 2021, GAAP-basis net investment income was approximately 42.0 million or 4.92 per basic share, while tax-basis distributable income was approximately 22.7 million or 2.66 per share. For the year ended December 31, 2020, GAAP-basis net investment income was approximately 17.0 million or 0.34 per basic share, while tax-basis distributable income was approximately 10.8 million or 0.22 per share. 
 Net Unrealized (Depreciation) Appreciation on Investments 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Unrealized Gains (Losses) On Investments: 

Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on: 

Non-controlled/non-affiliated investments 

(8,298) 

(8,047) 

21,366 

Non-controlled affiliated investments 

(1,428) 

282 

(11,723) 

Controlled affiliated investments 

(10,601) 

625 

(1,755) 

Derivatives 

2,412 

(1,303) 

(1,075) 

Total net unrealized gain (loss) from investment transactions 

(17,915) 

(8,443) 

6,813 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, our total investments had net change in unrealized depreciation of approximately 17.9 million. Included in the net change in unrealized depreciation for the year ended December 31, 2022, are change in unrealized appreciation on CLO Fund Securities of approximately 5.7 million, change in unrealized depreciation on equity securities of approximately 2.8 million, as well as change in unrealized depreciation of 6.0 million on our Joint Venture investments. Change in unrealized depreciation on our debt securities was approximately 17.2 million. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, our total investments had net change in unrealized depreciation of approximately 8.4 million. Included in the net change in unrealized depreciation for the year ended December 31, 2021 are change in unrealized appreciation on CLO Fund Securities of approximately 6.2 million, change in unrealized appreciation on equity securities of approximately 6.6 million, as well as change in unrealized appreciation of 1.7 million on our Joint Ventures investment and change in unrealized depreciation on our debt securities of 21.6 million, including approximately 3.8 million of purchase discount related to assets acquired in the HCAP transaction. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2020, our total investments had net change in unrealized appreciation of approximately 6.8 million. Included in the net change in unrealized appreciation for the year ended December 31, 2020 are change in unrealized depreciation on CLO Fund Securities of approximately 11.5 million, change in unrealized depreciation on equity securities of approximately 1.6 million, change in unrealized depreciation of 2.1 million on our Joint Ventures investment and change in unrealized appreciation on our debt securities of 19.8 million, including approximately 40.4 million of purchase discount related to assets acquired in the GARS transaction. 
 Net Change in Stockholder s Equity Resulting from Operations 
 The net decrease in stockholders equity resulting from operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 was approximately 21.0 million, or 2.18 per basic share. Net increase in stockholders equity resulting from operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 was approximately 26.0 million, or 3.05 per basic share. Net increase in stockholders equity resulting from operations for the year ended December 31, 2020 was approximately 31.6 million, or 6.32 per basic share. 
 FINANCIAL CONDITION, LIQUIDITY, AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 Liquidity is a measure of our ability to meet potential cash requirements, including ongoing commitments to repay borrowings, fund and maintain investments, pay distributions to our stockholders and other general business needs. We recognize the need to have funds available for operating our business and to make investments. We seek to have adequate liquidity at all times to cover normal cyclical swings in funding availability and to allow us to meet irregular and unexpected funding requirements. We plan to satisfy our liquidity needs through normal operations with the goal of avoiding unplanned sales of assets or emergency borrowing of funds. 
 41 

As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 the fair value of investments and cash were as follows: 

in thousands) 

Security Type 
 
 December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Cash and cash equivalents 

5,148 

28,919 

Restricted Cash 

27,983 

39,421 

Senior Secured Loan 

418,722 

364,701 

Junior Secured Loan 

56,400 

70,549 

Senior Unsecured Bond 

43 

43 

Equity Securities 

21,905 

22,586 

CLO Fund Securities 

20,453 

31,632 

Asset Manager Affiliates 

- 

- 

Joint Ventures 

58,955 

60,474 

Derivatives 

- 

(2,412) 

Total 

609,609 

615,913 

Subject to prevailing market conditions, we intend to grow our portfolio of assets by raising additional capital, including through the prudent use of leverage available to us. However, we may face difficulty in obtaining a new debt and equity financing as a result of current market conditions. In this regard, because our common stock has traded at a price below our current net asset value per share and we are limited in our ability to sell our common stock at a price below net asset value per share without stockholder approval (which we currently do not have), we have been and may continue to be limited in our ability to raise equity capital. See Business Regulation Common Stock . From time to time, we may seek to retire, repurchase, or exchange debt securities in open market purchases or by other means dependent on market conditions, liquidity, contractual obligations, and other matters. We also may repurchase our common stock and our Board has provided authorization to do so. See Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. In addition, we evaluate strategic opportunities available to us, including mergers, divestures, spin-offs, joint ventures and other similar transactions from time to time. 
 Borrowings 
 We use borrowed funds, known as leverage, to make investments and to attempt to increase returns to our shareholders by reducing our overall cost of capital. As a BDC, we are limited in the amount of leverage we can incur under the 1940 Act. We are only allowed to borrow amounts such that our asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, equals at least 150 after such borrowing. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 378.2 million of par value of outstanding borrowings and our asset coverage ratio of total assets to total borrowings was 160 , compliant with the minimum asset coverage level of 150 generally required for a BDC by the 1940 Act. We may also borrow amounts of up to 5 of the value of our total assets for temporary purposes. 
 The Small Business Credit Availability Act (the SBCA has modified the 1940 Act by allowing a BDC to increase the maximum amount of leverage it may incur from an asset coverage ratio of 200 to an asset coverage ratio of 150 , if certain requirements are met. On March 29, 2018, the Board , including a required majority (as such term is defined in Section 57(o) of the 1940 Act) of its Board, approved the modified asset coverage requirements set forth in Section 61(a)(2) of the 1940 Act, as amended by the SBCA. As a result, our asset coverage requirements for senior securities changed from 200 to 150 , effective as of March 29, 2019. 
 We expect to maintain adequate liquidity and compliance with regulatory and contractual asset coverage requirements. 
 Outstanding Notes 
 During the second quarter of 2021, we issued 108.0 million aggregate principal amount of our 4.875 Notes Due 2026. The net proceeds for the 4.875 Notes Due 2026, after the payment of underwriting expenses, were approximately 104.6 million. Interest on the 4.875 Notes Due 2026 is paid semi-annually on March 16 and September 16, at a rate of 4.875 commencing September 16, 2021. The 4.875 Notes Due 2026 mature on April 30, 2026 and are general unsecured obligations. The indenture governing the 4.875 Notes Due 2026 contains certain restrictive covenants, including compliance with certain provisions of the 1940 Act relating to borrowing and dividends. At December 31, 2022, there was approximately 108.0 million of principal amount outstanding, and we were in compliance with all of our debt covenants on the 4.875 Notes. 
 Revolving Credit Facility 
 On December 18, 2019, Great Lakes Portman Ridge Funding LLC GLPRF LLC ), our wholly-owned subsidiary, entered into a senior secured revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility with JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association JPM ). JPM serves as administrative agent, U.S. Bank National Association serves as collateral agent, securities intermediary and collateral administrator, and we serve as portfolio manager under the Revolving Credit Facility. 
 Advances under the Revolving Credit Facility bear interest at a per annum rate equal to the three-month LIBOR in effect, plus the applicable margin of 2.85 per annum. GLPRF LLC is required to utilize a minimum of 80 of the commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility, after an initial six-month ramp-up period during which a lesser minimum utilization requirement applies. Unused amounts below such minimum utilization amount accrue interest as if such amounts are outstanding as borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility. In addition, GLPRF LLC will pay a non-usage fee during the first three years after the closing date in an amount not to exceed 0.50 per annum on the average daily unborrowed portion of the financing commitments in excess of such minimum utilization amount. 
 The initial principal amount of the Revolving Credit Facility is 115 million. The Revolving Credit Facility has an accordion feature, subject to the satisfaction of various conditions, which could bring total commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility to up to 215 million. Proceeds from borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility may be used to fund portfolio investments by GLPRF LLC and to make advances under delayed draw term loans where GLPRF LLC is a lender. All amounts outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility must be repaid by the maturity date of December 18, 2023. 
 GLPRF LLC s obligations to the lenders under the Revolving Credit Facility are secured by a first priority security interest in all of GLPRF LLC's portfolio of investments and cash. The obligations of GLPRF LLC under the Revolving Credit Facility are non-recourse to us, and our exposure under the Revolving Credit Facility is limited to the value of our investment in GLPRF LLC. 
 In connection with the Revolving Credit Facility, GLPRF LLC has made certain customary representations and warranties and is required to comply with various covenants, reporting requirements and other customary requirements for similar facilities. The Revolving Credit Facility contains customary events of default for similar financing transactions, including if a change of control of GLPRF LLC occurs or if the Company is no longer the portfolio manager of GLPRF LLC. Upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an event of default, JPM may declare the outstanding advances and all other obligations under the Revolving Credit Facility immediately due and payable. 
 42 

The occurrence of an event of default (as described above) or a market value event (as defined in the Revolving Credit Facility) triggers a requirement that GLPRF LLC obtain the consent of JPM prior to entering into certain sales or dispositions with respect to portfolio assets, and the occurrence of a market value event triggers the right of JPM to direct GLPRF LLC to enter into sales or dispositions with respect to any portfolio assets, in each case in JPM s sole discretion. 
 At December 31, 2022, GLPRF LLC was in compliance with all of its debt covenants and there was approximately 92.0 million principal amount of borrowings was outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility. 
 2018-2 Secured Notes 
 On October 28, 2020 the Company completed the GARS Acquisition, pursuant to the terms and conditions of the GARS Merger Agreement. In connection therewith, the Company now consolidates the financial statements the 2018-2 CLO a 420.0 million par value CLO facility. On the date of the transaction the debt assumed was recognized at fair value, resulting in a 2.4 million discount which is amortized over the remaining term of the borrowings. 
 The CLO was executed by GF 2018-2 (the Issuer and Portman Ridge Funding 2018-2 LLC (formerly known as Garrison Funding 2018-2 LLC, together with the Issuer, the Co-Issuers who issued 312.0 million of senior secured notes (collectively referred to as the 2018-2 Secured Notes and 108.0 million of subordinated notes (the 2018-2 Subordinated Notes and, together with the 2018-2 Secured Notes, the 2018-2 Notes backed by a diversified portfolio of primarily senior secured loans. The Company owns all 108.0 million of the par value of the 2018-2 Subordinated Notes and 18.3 million of the par value of the Class B-R Notes and serves as collateral manager for the Co-Issuers. The Company is entitled to receive interest from the Class B-R Notes, distributions from the 2018-2 Subordinated Notes and fees for serving as collateral manager in accordance with the CLO s governing documents and to the extent funds are available for such purposes. However, as a result of retaining all of the 2018-2 Subordinated Notes, the Company consolidates the accounts of the Co-Issuers into its financial statements and all transactions between the Company and the Co-Issuers are eliminated on consolidation. As a result of this consolidation, the 2018-2 Secured Notes issued by the CLO is treated as the Company s indebtedness, except any 2018-2 Secured Notes owned by the Company, which are eliminated in consolidation. The 2018-2 Notes are scheduled to mature on November 20, 2029, however the Co-Issuers may redeem the 2018-2 Notes on any business day after November 20, 2020. The indenture governing the 2018-2 Notes provides that, to the extent cash is available from cash collections, the holders of the 2018-2 Notes are to receive quarterly interest payments on the 20th day or, if not a business day, the next succeeding business day of February, May, August and November of each year until the stated maturity or earlier redemption. On July 18, 2019, 25.0 million outstanding of the aggregate 50.0 million Class A-1R-R Notes available under the CLO converted to Class A-1T-R Notes. On November 18, 2022, the Company drew 14.3 million of the 25 million unfunded Class A-1R-R Notes. The Reinvestment Period ended on November 20, 2022, and the remaining amount of the unfunded Class A-1 R-R Notes terminated. 
 During the first quarter of 2021, we redeemed approximately 88 million of the par value of the 2018-2 Secured Notes. In connection therewith, we recognized a realized loss on extinguishment of debt of approximately 0.9 million. 
 Stockholder Distributions 
 We intend to continue to make quarterly distributions to our stockholders. To avoid certain excise taxes imposed on RICs, we generally endeavor to distribute during each calendar year an amount at least equal to the sum of: 
 98 of our ordinary net taxable income for the calendar year; 

98.2 of our capital gains, if any, in excess of capital losses for the one-year period ending on October 31 of the calendar year; and 

100 any net ordinary income and net capital gains for the preceding year that were not distributed during such year and on which we paid no corporate tax. 

We may choose to carry forward taxable income in excess of current year distributions into the next tax year and pay a 4 excise tax on such income, to the extent required. 
 The amount of our declared distributions, as evaluated by management and approved by our Board, is based primarily on our evaluation of our net investment income and distributable taxable income. 
 We are also prohibited by the indentures governing our Notes from making distributions on our common stock if, at the time of declaration, our asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, is below 150 . In any such event, we would be prohibited from making distributions required in order to maintain our status as a RIC. 
 The following table sets forth the quarterly distributions paid by us since 2020. 

Distribution 1 

Declaration Date 
 
 Record Date 
 
 Pay Date 

2022: 

Fourth quarter 

0.67 

11/8/2022 
 
 11/24/2022 
 
 12/13/2022 

Third quarter 

0.63 

8/9/2022 
 
 8/16/2022 
 
 9/2/2022 

Second quarter 

0.63 

5/10/2022 
 
 5/24/2022 
 
 6/7/2022 

First quarter 

0.63 

3/10/2022 
 
 3/21/2022 
 
 3/30/2022 

Total declared in 2022 

2.56 

2021: 

Fourth quarter 

0.62 

11/3/2021 
 
 11/15/2021 
 
 11/30/2021 

Third quarter 

0.60 

8/4/2021 
 
 8/17/2021 
 
 8/31/2021 

Second quarter 

0.60 

5/6/2021 
 
 5/19/2021 
 
 6/1/2021 

First quarter 

0.60 

2/12/2021 
 
 2/22/2021 
 
 3/2/2021 

Total declared in 2021 

2.42 

2020: 

Fourth quarter 

0.60 

10/16/2020 
 
 10/26/2020 
 
 11/27/2020 

Third quarter 

0.60 

8/5/2020 
 
 8/17/2020 
 
 8/28/2020 

Second quarter 

0.60 

3/17/2020 
 
 5/7/2020 
 
 5/27/2020 

First quarter 

0.60 

2/5/2020 
 
 2/18/2020 
 
 2/28/2020 

Total declared in 2020 

2.40 

(1) The Company completed a Reverse Stock Split of 10 to 1 effective August 26, 2021, amounts have been adjusted retroactively to reflect the split. 

43 

OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS 
 From time-to-time we are a party to financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk in the normal course of business in order to meet the needs of our investment in portfolio companies. Such instruments include commitments to extend credit and may involve, in varying degrees, elements of credit risk in excess of amounts recognized on our balance sheet. Prior to extending such credit, we attempt to limit our credit risk by conducting extensive due diligence, obtaining collateral where necessary and negotiating appropriate financial covenants. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company had approximately 35.0 million and 47.9 million in commitments to fund investments, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, included in such amount was 8.0 million in unfunded commitments to the Great Lakes II Joint Venture. We may also enter into derivative contracts with off-balance sheet risk in connection with our investing activities. 
 CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS 
 The following table summarizes our contractual cash obligations and other commercial commitments as of December 31, 2022: 

in thousands) 
 
 Payments Due by Period 

Contractual Obligations 
 
 Total 

Less than one year 

2 - 3 years 

4 - 5 years 

More than 5 years 

Long-term debt obligations 

378,163 

- 

- 

200,000 

178,163 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
 The consolidated financial statements are based on the selection and application of critical accounting policies, which require management to make significant estimates and assumptions. Critical accounting policies are those that are both important to the presentation of our financial condition and results of operations and require management s most difficult, complex, or subjective judgments. Our critical accounting policies are those applicable to the basis of presentation, valuation of investments, and certain revenue recognition matters as discussed below. See Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements, Significant Accounting Policies Investments , contained elsewhere herein. 
 Valuation of Portfolio Investments 
 The most significant estimate inherent in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements is the valuation of investments and the related amounts of unrealized appreciation and depreciation of investments recorded. 
 Value, as defined in Section 2(a)(41) of 1940 Act, is (1) the market price for those securities for which a market quotation is readily available and (2) for all other securities and assets, fair value as determined in good faith by our Adviser pursuant to procedures approved by our Board. In December 2020, the SEC adopted Rule 2a-5 under the 1940 Act, which permits a BDC's board of directors to designate its investment adviser as a valuation designee to determine the fair value for its investment portfolio, subject to the active oversight of the board. Our Board has designated our Adviser as its valuation designee pursuant to Rule 2a-5 under the 1940 Act, and in that role our Adviser is responsible for performing fair value determinations relating to all of the Company's investments, including periodically assessing and managing any material valuation risks and establishing and applying fair value methodologies, in accordance with valuation policies and procedures that have been approved by the Board. Our Board remains ultimately responsible for making fair value determinations under the 1940 Act and satisfies its responsibility through oversight of the valuation designee in accordance with Rule 2a-5. Our valuation policy is intended to provide a consistent basis for determining the fair value of the portfolio based on the nature of the security, the market for the security and other considerations including the financial performance and enterprise value of the portfolio company. Because of the inherent uncertainty of valuation, the Adviser determined values may differ significantly from the values that would have been used had a ready market existed for the investments, and the differences could be material. 
 Pursuant to ASC 946: Financial Services Investment Companies ASC 946 ), we reflect our investments on our balance sheet at their determined fair value with unrealized gains and losses resulting from changes in fair value reflected as a component of unrealized gains or losses on our statements of operations. Fair value is the amount that would be received to sell the investments in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date (i.e., the exit price). 
 See Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements for the additional information about the level of market observability associated with investments carried at fair value. 
 We follow the provisions of ASC 820: Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures ASC 820: Fair Value ), which among other matters, requires enhanced disclosures about investments that are measured and reported at fair value. This standard defines fair value and establishes a hierarchal disclosure framework which prioritizes and ranks the level of market price observability used in measuring investments at fair value and expands disclosures about assets and liabilities measured at fair value. ASC 820: Fair Value defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. This fair value definition focuses on an exit price in the principle, or most advantageous market, and prioritizes, within a measurement of fair value, the use of market-based inputs (which may be weighted or adjusted for relevance, reliability and specific attributes relative to the subject investment) over entity-specific inputs. Market price observability is affected by a number of factors, including the type of investment and the characteristics specific to the investment. Investments with readily available active quoted prices or for which fair value can be measured from actively quoted prices generally will have a higher degree of market price observability and a lesser degree of judgment used in measuring fair value. Subsequent to the adoption of ASC 820: Fair Value, the FASB has issued various staff positions clarifying the initial standard (see Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements: Significant Accounting Policies Investments ). 
 ASC 820: Fair Value establishes the following three-level hierarchy, based upon the transparency of inputs to the fair value measurement of an asset or liability as of the measurement date: 
 Level I Unadjusted quoted prices are available in active markets for identical investments as of the reporting date. The type of investments included in Level I include listed equities and listed securities. As required by ASC 820: Fair Value, we do not adjust the quoted price for these investments, even in situations where the Company holds a large position and a sale could reasonably affect the quoted price. 
 Level II Pricing inputs are other than quoted prices in active markets, which are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reporting date. Such inputs may be quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities, quoted markets that are not active, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full character of the financial instrument, or inputs that are derived principally from, or corroborated by, observable market information. Investments which are generally included in this category include illiquid debt securities and less liquid, privately held or restricted equity securities, for which some level of recent trading activity has been observed. 
 Level III Pricing inputs are unobservable for the investment and includes situations where there is little, if any, market activity for the investment. The inputs may be based on our own assumptions about how market participants would price the asset or liability or may use Level II inputs, as adjusted, to reflect specific investment attributes relative to a broader market assumption. These inputs into the determination of fair value may require significant management judgment or estimation. Even if observable market data for comparable performance or valuation measures (earnings multiples, discount rates, other financial/valuation ratios, etc.) 
 44 

are available, such investments are grouped as Level III if any significant data point that is not also market observable (private company earnings, cash flows, etc.) is used in the valuation methodology. 
 In certain cases, the inputs used to measure fair value may fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In such cases, an investment s level within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. We assess of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment, and we consider factors specific to the investment. The majority of our investments are classified as Level III. We evaluate the source of inputs, including any markets in which its investments are trading, in determining fair value. Inputs that are backed by actual transactions, those that are highly correlated to the specific investment being valued and those derived from reliable or knowledgeable sources will tend to have a higher weighting in determining fair value. Our fair value determinations may include factors such as an assessment of each underlying investment, its current and prospective operating and financial performance, consideration of financing and sale transactions with third parties, expected cash flows and market-based information, including comparable transactions, performance factors, and other investment or industry specific market data, among other factors. 
 We have valued our investments, in the absence of observable market prices, using the valuation methodologies described below applied on a consistent basis. For some investments little market activity may exist; management s determination of fair value is then based on the best information available in the circumstances, and may incorporate management s own assumptions and involves a significant degree of management s judgment. 
 Our investments in CLO Fund Securities are carried at fair value, which is based either on (i) the present value of the net expected cash inflows for interest income and principal repayments from underlying assets and the cash outflows for interest expense, debt paydown and other fund costs for the CLO Funds which are approaching or past the end of their reinvestment period and therefore are selling assets and/or using principal repayments to pay-down CLO Fund debt, and for which there continue to be net cash distributions to the class of securities we own, or (ii) a discounted cash flow model that utilizes prepayment and loss assumptions based on historical experience and projected performance, economic factors, the characteristics of the underlying cash flow and comparable yields for similar securities or preferred shares to those in which we have invested, or (iii) indicative prices provided by the underwriters or brokers who arrange CLO Funds. We recognize unrealized appreciation or depreciation on our investments in CLO Fund Securities as comparable yields in the market change and/or based on changes in net asset values or estimated cash flows resulting from changes in prepayment or loss assumptions in the underlying collateral pool. As each investment in CLO Fund Securities ages, the expected amount of losses and the expected timing of recognition of such losses in the underlying collateral pool are updated and the revised cash flows are used in determining the fair value of the CLO Fund Securities. We determine the fair value of our investments in CLO Fund Securities on a security-by-security basis. 
 Our investments in its wholly-owned Asset Manager Affiliates are carried at fair value, which is primarily determined utilizing a discounted cash flow model which incorporates different levels of discount rates depending on the hierarchy of fees earned (including the likelihood of realization of senior, subordinate and incentive fees) and prospective modeled performance Discounted Cash Flow ). Such valuation takes into consideration an analysis of comparable asset management companies and a percentage of assets under management. The Asset Manager Affiliates are classified as a Level III investment (as described above). Any change in value from period to period is recognized as net change in unrealized appreciation or depreciation. 
 We carry investments in joint ventures at fair value based upon the fair value of the investments held by the joint venture. 
 Fair values of other investments for which market prices are not observable are determined by reference to public market or private transactions or valuations for comparable companies or assets in the relevant asset class and/or industry when such amounts are available. Generally, these valuations are derived by multiplying a key performance metric of the investee company or asset (e.g., EBITDA) by the relevant valuation multiple observed for comparable companies or transactions, adjusted by management for differences between the investment and the referenced comparable. Such investments may also be valued at cost for a period of time after an acquisition as the best indicator of fair value. If the fair value of such investments cannot be valued by reference to observable valuation measures for comparable companies, then the primary analytical method used to estimate the fair value is a discounted cash flow method and/or cap rate analysis. A sensitivity analysis is applied to the estimated future cash flows using various factors depending on the investment, including assumed growth rates (in cash flows), capitalization rates (for determining terminal values) and appropriate discount rates to determine a range of reasonable values or to compute projected return on investment. 
 For bond rated note tranches of CLO Fund securities (those above the junior class) without transactions to support a fair value for the specific CLO Fund and tranche, fair value is based on discounting estimated bond payments at current market yields, which may reflect the adjusted yield on the leveraged loan index for similarly rated tranches, as well as prices for similar tranches for other CLO Funds and also other factors such as indicative prices provided by underwriters or brokers who arrange CLO Funds, and the default and recovery rates of underlying assets in the CLO Fund, as may be applicable. Such model assumptions may vary and incorporate adjustments for risk premiums and CLO Fund specific attributes. 
 We derive fair value for our illiquid loan investments that do not have indicative fair values based upon active trades primarily by using the Income Approach, and also consider recent loan amendments or other activity specific to the subject asset as described above. Other significant assumptions, such as coupon and maturity, are asset-specific and are noted for each investment in the Schedules of Investments. 
 The determination of fair value using this methodology takes into consideration a range of factors, including but not limited to the price at which the investment was acquired, the nature of the investment, local market conditions, trading values on public exchanges for comparable securities, current and projected operating performance and financing transactions subsequent to the acquisition of the investment. This valuation methodology involves a significant degree of our judgment. 
 Our Adviser may consider other methods of valuation to determine the fair value of investments as appropriate in conformity with GAAP. 
 Interest Income 
 Interest income, including amortization of premium and accretion of discount and accrual of payment-in-kind PIK interest, is recorded on the accrual basis to the extent that such amounts are expected to be collected. We generally place a loan on non-accrual status and cease recognizing interest income on such loan or security when a loan or security becomes 90 days or more past due or if we otherwise do not expect the debtor to be able to service its debt obligations. For investments with PIK interest, which represents contractual interest accrued and added to the principal balance that generally becomes due at maturity, we will not accrue PIK interest if the portfolio company valuation indicates that the PIK interest is not collectible (i.e. via a partial or full non-accrual). Loans which are on partial or full non-accrual remain in such status until the borrower has demonstrated the ability and intent to pay contractual amounts due or such loans become current. As of December 31, 2022, four of our debt investments were on non-accrual status. 
 Investment Income on CLO Fund Securities 
 We receive distributions from our investments in the most junior class of securities of CLO Funds (typically preferred shares or subordinated securities). Our CLO Fund junior class securities are subordinated to senior note holders who typically receive a return on their investment at a fixed spread relative to the LIBOR index. The CLO Funds are leveraged funds and any excess cash flow or excess spread (interest earned by the underlying securities in the fund less payments made to senior note holders and less fund expenses and management fees) is paid to the holders of the CLO Fund s subordinated securities or preferred shares. The level of excess spread from CLO Fund Securities can be impacted from the timing and level of the resetting of the benchmark interest rate for the underlying assets (which reset at various times throughout the quarter) in the CLO Fund and the related CLO Fund note liabilities (which reset at each quarterly distribution date); in periods of short-term and 
 45 

volatile changes in the benchmark interest rate, the levels of excess spread and distributions to us can vary significantly. In addition, the failure of CLO Funds in which we invest to comply with certain financial covenants may lead to the temporary suspension or deferral of cash distributions to us. 
 GAAP-basis investment income on CLO equity investments is recorded using the effective interest method in accordance with the provisions of ASC 325-40, based on the anticipated yield and the estimated cash flows over the projected life of the investment. Yields are revised when there are changes in actual or estimated projected future cash flows due to changes in prepayments and/or re-investments, credit losses or asset pricing. Changes in estimated yield are recognized as an adjustment to the estimated yield prospectively over the remaining life of the investment from the date the estimated yield was changed. Accordingly, investment income recognized on CLO equity securities in the GAAP statement of operations differs from both the tax-basis investment income and from the cash distributions actually received by us during the period. 
 For non-junior class CLO Fund Securities interest is earned at a fixed spread relative to the LIBOR index. 
 Payment in Kind Interest 
 We may have loans in our portfolio that contain a payment-in-kind PIK provision. PIK interest, computed at the contractual rate specified in each loan agreement, is added to the principal balance of the loan and recorded as interest income. To maintain our RIC status, this non-cash source of income must be distributed to stockholders in the form of cash dividends, even though we have not yet collected any cash. 
 Fee Income 
 Fee income includes fees, if any, for due diligence, structuring, commitment and facility fees, and fees, if any, for transaction services and management services rendered by us to portfolio companies and other third parties. Commitment and facility fees are generally recognized as income over the life of the underlying loan, whereas due diligence, structuring, transaction service and management service fees are generally recognized as income when the services are rendered. 
 United States Federal Income Taxes 
 We have elected to be treated as a RIC and intend to continue to qualify for the tax treatment applicable to RICs under Subchapter M of the Code and, among other things, intend to make the required distributions to our stockholders as specified therein. In order to qualify for tax treatment as a RIC, the Company is required to timely distribute to its stockholders at least 90 of investment company taxable income, as defined by the Code, for each year. Depending on the level of taxable income earned in a tax year, we may choose to carry forward taxable income in excess of current year distributions into the next tax year and pay a 4 excise tax on such income, to the extent required. 
 Distributions to Shareholders 
 The amount of our declared distributions, as evaluated by management and approved by our Board, is based primarily on our evaluation of net investment income and distributable taxable income. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 2 to the financial statements included in this annual report, for a description of recent accounting pronouncements. 
 Recent Developments 
 On March 9, 2023 our Board declared a distribution to shareholders of 0.68 per share for a total of 6.5 million. The distribution is payable on March 31, 2023 to stockholders of record at the close of business as of March 20, 2023. 
 
 Item 7A. 	 Quantitative and Qualita tive Disclosures about Market Risk 
 Our business activities contain elements of market risks. We consider our principal market risks to be fluctuations in interest rates and the valuations of our investment portfolio. Managing these risks is essential to our business. Accordingly, we have systems and procedures designed to identify and analyze our risks, to establish appropriate policies and thresholds and to continually monitor these risks and thresholds by means of administrative and information technology systems and other policies and processes. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Interest rate risk is defined as the sensitivity of our current and future earnings to interest rate volatility, variability of spread relationships, the difference in re-pricing intervals between our assets and liabilities and the effect that interest rates may have on our cash flows. Changes in the general level of interest rates can affect our net interest income, which is the difference between the interest income earned on interest earning assets and our interest expense incurred in connection with our interest bearing debt and liabilities. Changes in interest rates can also affect, among other things, our ability to acquire and originate loans and securities and the value of our investment portfolio. 
 Our investment income is affected by fluctuations in various interest rates, including LIBOR and prime rates. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 90.0 of our Debt Securities Portfolio at par value were either floating rate with a spread to an interest rate index such as LIBOR or the prime rate. 78.8 of these floating rate loans contain LIBOR floors ranging between 0.50 and 2.00 . We generally expect that future portfolio investments will predominately be floating rate investments. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 378.2 million (par value) of borrowings outstanding at a current weighted average rate of 6.1 , of which 108.0 million par value had a fixed rate and 270.2 million par value has a floating rate. 
 Because we borrow money to make investments, our net investment income is dependent upon the difference between our borrowing rate and the rate we earn on the invested proceeds borrowed. In periods of rising or lowering interest rates, the cost of the portion of our debt associated with our 4.875 Notes Due 2026 would remain the same, given that this debt is at a fixed rate, while the interest rate on borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility would fluctuate with changes in interest rates. 
 Generally we would expect that an increase in the base rate index for our floating rate investment assets would increase our gross investment income and that a decrease in the base rate index for such assets would decrease our gross investment income (in either case, such increase/decrease may be limited by interest rate floors/minimums for certain investment assets). 
 46 

We have analyzed the potential impact of changes in interest rates on interest income net of interest expense. Assuming that our balance sheet at December 31, 2022 was to remain constant and no actions were taken to alter the existing interest rate sensitivity, the table below illustrates the impact on net investment income on our Debt Securities Portfolio for various hypothetical increases in interest rates: 

Impact on net investment income from a change in interest rates at: 

in thousands) 
 
 1 

2 

3 

Increase in interest rate 

1,963 

3,927 

5,890 

Decrease in interest rate 

(1,963) 

(3,927) 

(5,625) 

As shown above, net investment income assuming a 1 increase in interest rates would increase by approximately 2.0 million on an annualized basis. If the increase in rates was more significant, such as 2 or 3 , the net effect on net investment income would be an increase of approximately 3.9 million and an increase of 5.9 million, respectively. 
 On an annualized basis, a decrease in interest rates of 1 , 2 or 3 would result in an decrease in net investment income of approximately 2.0) million, 3.9) million and 5.6) million. The effect on net investment income from declines in interest rates is impacted by interest rate floors on certain of our floating rate investments. There is no floor on our floating rate debt facility and the 2018-2 Secured Notes. 
 Although management believes that this measure is indicative of sensitivity to interest rate changes on our Debt Securities Portfolio, it does not adjust for potential changes in credit quality, size and composition of the assets on the balance sheet and other business developments that could affect a net change in assets resulting from operations or net income. Accordingly, no assurances can be given that actual results would not materially differ from the potential outcome simulated by this estimate. 
 Portfolio Valuation 
 We carry our investments at fair value, as determined pursuant to a valuation policy approved by our Board of Directors. Our Board has designated the Adviser as its valuation designee pursuant to Rule 2a-5 under the 1940 Act, and in that role our Adviser is responsible for performing fair value determinations relating to all of the Company's investments in accordance with valuation policies and procedures that have been approved by the Board. Our Board remains ultimately responsible for making fair value determinations under the 1940 Act and satisfies its responsibility through oversight of the valuation designee in accordance with Rule 2a-5. Investments for which market quotations are generally readily available are generally valued at such market quotations. Investments for which there is not a readily available market value are valued at fair value as determined in good faith by our Adviser (subject to the oversight of our Board of Directors) under a valuation policy and consistently applied valuation process. However, due to the inherent uncertainty of determining the fair value of investments that cannot be marked to market, the fair value of our investments may differ materially from the values that would have been used had a ready market existed for such investments. In addition, changes in the market environment and other events that may occur over the life of the investments may cause the value realized on these investments to be different than the valuations that are assigned. The types of factors that we may take into account in fair value pricing of our investments include, as relevant, the nature and realizable value of any collateral, third party valuations, the portfolio company s ability to make payments and its earnings and discounted cash flow, the markets in which the portfolio company does business, comparison to publicly-traded securities, recent sales of or offers to buy comparable companies, and other relevant factors. 
 The Company has engaged independent valuation firms to provide third party valuation consulting services to the Adviser and the Board. Each quarter, the independent valuation firms perform third party valuations on the Company s material investments in illiquid securities such that they are reviewed at least once during a trailing 12-month period. These third party valuation estimates were considered as one of the relevant data inputs in the Adviser s determination of fair value. The Company intends to continue to engage independent valuation firms in the future to provide certain valuation services, including the review of certain portfolio assets, as part of the quarterly and annual year-end valuation process. 
 Item 8. 	 Financial Stateme nts and Supplementary Data 
 Our financial statements are annexed to this Annual Report beginning on page F-1. 
 Item 9. 	 Changes in and Disagreements with Acc ountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None 
 Item 9A. 	 Control s and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. 
 The Company s management, under the supervision and with the participation of various members of management, including its Chief Executive Officer CEO and its Chief Financial Officer CFO ), has evaluated the effectiveness of its disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) or Rule 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation, the Company s CEO and CFO have concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act are recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our CEO and CFO, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures as of the end of the period covered by this report. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. 
 General.	 The Company s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act. The Company s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 
 Scope of Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. The Company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 
 Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; 

Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that the Company s receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of the Company s management and directors; and 

Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

47 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Conclusion.	 Management, including the Company s CEO and CFO, assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on management s assessment, management concluded, subject to the limitations described under Scope of Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting above, that the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 
 Attestation Report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 This annual report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. We were not required to have, nor have we, engaged our independent registered public accounting firm to perform an audit of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 pursuant to the rules of the SEC that permit us to provide only management's report in this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Item 9B. 	 Othe r Information 

(1) 

Offering expenses (as a percentage of offering price) 

(2) 

Dividend reinvestment plan expenses 

(3) 

Total Stockholder Transaction Expenses (as a percentage of offering price) 

Annual Expenses (as percentage of net assets attributable to common stock): 

Base management fee payable under the Investment Advisory Agreement 

(4) 

Incentive fee payable under the Investment Advisory Agreement (17.50 of net investment income and realized capital gains) 

(5) 

Interest payments on borrowed funds 

(6) 

Other expenses 

(7) 

Acquired fund fees and expenses 

(8) 

Total annual expenses 

(1) In the event that the securities are sold to or through underwriters or agents, a corresponding prospectus or prospectus supplement will disclose the applicable sales load and other offering expenses to be borne by us and our stockholders. 

 (2) The prospectus supplement corresponding to each offering will disclose the applicable estimated amount of offering expenses, the offering price and the offering expenses borne by us as a percentage of the offering price. 

 (3) If a participant elects by written notice to the plan administrator to have the plan administrator sell part or all of the shares held by the plan administrator in the participant s account and remit the proceeds to the participant, the plan administrator is authorized to deduct a transaction fee of 15.00 plus a 0.10 per share brokerage commission from the proceeds. The expenses of the dividend reinvestment plan are included in other expenses. The plan administrator s fees will be paid by us. There will be no brokerage charges or other charges to stockholders who participate in the plan. 

 (4) Our base management fee, payable quarterly in arrears, is calculated at an annual rate of 1.50 of our average adjusted gross assets, excluding cash and cash equivalents but including assets purchase with borrowed amounts. 

 (5) Our incentive fee consists of two parts: (1) a portion based on our pre-incentive fee net investment income, or the Income-Based Fee, and (2) a portion based on the capital gains received on our portfolio of securities on a cumulative basis for each calendar year, net of all realized capital losses and all unrealized capital depreciation on a cumulative basis, less the aggregate amount of any previously paid capital gains fee, or the Capital Gains Fee. The Income-Based Fee is 17.50 of pre-incentive fee net investment income with a 7.00 hurdle rate. The Capital Gains Fee is 17.50 of capital gains computed net of all realized capital losses and gross unrealized capital depreciation. 

 (6) Interest payments on borrowed funds represent our annual interest payment, fees and credit facility expenses based on results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022, including with respect to our revolving credit facility and outstanding unsecured notes. The costs associated with any outstanding indebtedness are indirectly borne by our common stockholders. The amount of leverage we employ at any particular time will depend on, among other things, the Board s and our Adviser s assessment of the market and other factors at the time at any proposed borrowing. We may also issue preferred stock, subject to our compliance with applicable requirements under the 1940 Act. 

 (7) Other expenses represent amounts which are based upon the annualized results of our operations for the year ended December 31, 2022, including payments under the Administration Agreement based on our allocable portion of overhead and other expenses incurred by our Administrator. 

 (8) Acquired fund fees and expenses are the indirect costs of investing in the Company s Joint Ventures. The operating expenses in this fee table will not correlate to the expense ratio in the Company s Financial Highlights because the financial statements include only the direct operating expenses incurred by the Company. Therefore, amounts may not agree with the Financial Highlights due to the inclusions in this table of Acquired Fund Fees and Expenses and certain other adjustments. 

48 

You would pay the following expenses on a 1,000 investment, assuming a 5 annual return entirely from realized gains 

158 

424 

636 

996 

(1) Assumes we will not realize any capital gains computed net of all realized capital losses and gross unrealized capital depreciation in any of the periods indicated. 

While the example assumes, as required by the SEC, a 5 annual return, our performance will vary and may result in a return greater or less than 5 . Assuming a 5 annual return, the income incentive fee under the Investment Advisory Agreement may not be earned or payable and is not included in the example. If we achieve sufficient returns on our investments to trigger an income incentive fee of a material amount, our expenses, and returns to our investors, would be higher. 
 Further, while the example assumes reinvestment of all distributions at net asset value, participants in our dividend reinvestment plan will receive a number of shares of our common stock determined by dividing the total dollar amount of the distribution payable to a participant by (a) the market price per share of our common stock at the close of trading on the payment date fixed by the Board in the event that newly issued shares of our common stock are used to implement the dividend reinvestment plan or (b) the average purchase price of all shares of common stock purchased by the plan administrator in the event that shares are purchased in the open market to implement the requirements of the dividend reinvestment plan, which may be at, above or below net asset value. 
 This example and the expenses in the table above should not be considered a representation of our future expenses, and actual expenses (including the cost of debt, if any, and other expenses) may be greater or less than those shown. 
 Item 9C. 	 D i sclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 49 

PART III 
 Item 10. 	 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 The information required by Item 10 is hereby incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement relating to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed with the SEC within 120 days following the end of our fiscal year. 
 Item 11. 	 Executive Compensation 
 The information required by Item 11 is hereby incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement relating to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed with the SEC within 120 days following the end of our fiscal year. 
 Item 12. 	 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information required by Item 12 is hereby incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement relating to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed with the SEC within 120 days following the end of our fiscal year. 
 Item 13. 	 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information required by Item 13 is hereby incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement relating to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed with the SEC within 120 days following the end of our fiscal year. 
 Item 14. 	 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 The information required by Item 14 is hereby incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement relating to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed with the SEC within 120 days following the end of our fiscal year. 
 
 50 

PART IV 
 Item 15. 	 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a) Documents filed as part of this report: 
 1. For a list of the consolidated financial information included herein, see Index to the Consolidated Financial Statements on page F-1. 
 2. For a list of other exhibits included herein, see Exhibit List on page E-1. 
 (b) Exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K. Reference is made to the Exhibit List filed as a part of this report beginning on page E-1. Each of such exhibits is incorporated by reference herein. 
 (c) Other financial statements and financial statement schedules. Reference is made to the Index to Other Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules on page S-1. Each of such documents is incorporated by reference herein. 
 Item 16. 	Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 51 

INDEX TO FINANC IAL STATEMENTS 

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms (PCAOB ID No 
 F- 2 

Report of Prior Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No 185) 
 F- 3 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F- 4 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F- 5 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F- 6 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F- 7 

Consolidated Schedules of Investments as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F- 8 

Financial Highlights for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, 2020, 2019 and 2018 
 F- 20 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 21 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGIS TERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of Portman Ridge Finance Corporation 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements and Financial Highlights 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Portman Ridge Finance Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company ), including the consolidated schedules of investments, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, cash flows, changes in net assets, the financial highlights for years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related notes. In our opinion, the financial statements and financial highlights present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations, changes in net assets, cash flows and financial highlights for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements and financial highlights are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements and financial highlights based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements and financial highlights are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by the Company, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements and financial highlights. Our procedures included confirmation of investments owned as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, by correspondence with the custodian, loan agents, and borrowers; when replies were not received, we performed other auditing procedures. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion . 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Fair Value of Level 3 Investments Refer to Notes 2 and 4 to the financial statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 The Company held investments classified as Level 3 investments under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. These investments included debt and equity securities with unique contract terms and conditions and/or complexity that considers a combination of multiple levels of market and asset specific inputs. The valuation techniques used in estimating the fair value of these investments vary and certain significant inputs used were unobservable. The fair value of the Company s Level 3 investments was 471.2 million as of December 31, 2022. 
 We identified the valuation of Level 3 investments as a critical audit matter because of the judgments necessary for management to select valuation techniques and to use significant unobservable inputs to estimate the fair value, including discount rates utilized. This required a high degree of auditor judgement and extensive audit effort, including in many instances, the need to involve fair value specialists who possess significant valuation experience, to evaluate the appropriateness of the valuation techniques and the significant unobservable inputs, when performing procedures to audit management s estimate of fair value of Level 3 investments. 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to the valuation of certain Level 3 investments included the following, among other factors: 
 1.	We evaluated the design and implementation of controls over the Company s valuation of Level 3 investments, including those related to valuation techniques and significant unobservable inputs. 
 2.	We evaluated the appropriateness of the valuation techniques used for Level 3 investments and tested the related significant unobservable inputs by comparing these inputs to external sources. 
 3. For a selected sample of Level 3 investments, we performed procedures with the assistance of our fair value specialists to evaluate the valuation techniques and significant unobservable inputs and assumptions used, including discount rates. 
 4. We evaluated management s ability to estimate fair value by comparing management s historical estimates to subsequent transactions, taking into account changes in market or investment specific conditions, where applicable. 

/s/ , New York 
 March 9, 2023 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 
 F- 2 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors 
 Portman Ridge Finance Corporation: 
 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 We have audited, before the effects of the adjustments to retrospectively apply the reverse stock split described in Note 1, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in net assets, and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2020, and the related notes, and the consolidated financial highlights for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2020 as listed in the accompanying index. The 2020 consolidated financial statements and the 2020 and 2019 consolidated financial highlights before the effects of the adjustments to retrospectively apply the reverse stock split described in Note 1 are not presented herein. In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements and consolidated financial highlights, before the effects of the adjustments to retrospectively apply the reverse stock split described in Note 1, present fairly, in all material respects, the results of its operations, changes in net assets and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2020, and the financial highlights for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2020 in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We were not engaged to audit, review, or apply any procedures to the adjustments to retrospectively apply the reverse stock split described in Note 1 and, accordingly, we do not express an opinion or any other form of assurance about whether such adjustments are appropriate and have been properly applied. Those adjustments were audited by other auditors. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements and consolidated financial highlights are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements and consolidated financial highlights based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements and consolidated financial highlights are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements and consolidated financial highlights, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements and consolidated financial highlights. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements and consolidated financial highlights. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 /s/ KPMG LLP 
 We served as the Company s auditor from 2019 to 2021. 
 
 New York, New York 
 March 11, 2021 
 
 F- 3 

PORTMAN RIDGE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED B ALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

ASSETS 

Investments at fair value: 

Non-controlled/non-affiliated investments (amortized cost: 2022 - ; 2021 - 

Non-controlled affiliated investments (amortized cost: 2022 - ; 2021 - 

Controlled affiliated investments (cost: 2022 - ; 2021 - 

Total Investments at Fair Value (cost: 2022 - ; 2021 - 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Interest receivable 

Receivable for unsettled trades 

Due from affiliates 

Other assets 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES 

2018-2 Secured Notes (net of discount of: 2022 - ; 2021 - 

4.875 Notes Due 2026 (net of discount of: 2022 - ; 2021 - ; net of deferred financing costs of: 2022 - ; 2021 - 

Great Lakes Portman Ridge Funding LLC Revolving Credit Facility (net of deferred financing costs of: 2022 - ; 2021 - 

Derivative liabilities (cost: 2021 - 
 
 - 

Payable for unsettled trades 

Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities 

Accrued interest payable 

Due to affiliates 

Management and incentive fees payable 

Total Liabilities 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (NOTE 8) 

NET ASSETS 

Common stock, par value per share, common shares authorized; issued, and outstanding at December 31, 2022, and issued, and outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Capital in excess of par value 

Total distributable (loss) earnings 
 
 () 

() 

Total Net Assets 

Total Liabilities and Net Assets 

Net Asset Value Per Common Share (1) 

(1) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 4 

PORTMAN RIDGE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEM ENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

INVESTMENT INCOME 

Interest income: 

Non-controlled/non-affiliated investments 

Non-controlled affiliated investments 

Total interest income 

Payment-in-kind income: 

Non-controlled/non-affiliated investments 

Non-controlled affiliated investments 

- 

Controlled affiliated investments 

- 

- 

Total payment-in-kind income 

Dividend income: 

Non-controlled affiliated investments 

Controlled affiliated investments 

Total dividend income 

Fees and other income: 

Non-controlled/non-affiliated investments 

Non-controlled affiliated investments 

- 

- 

Total fees and other income 

Interest from cash and time deposits 

- 

- 

Total investment income 

EXPENSES 

Management fees 

Performance-based incentive fees 

Interest and amortization of debt issuance costs 

Professional fees 

Administrative services expense 

Other general and administrative expenses 

Total expenses 

Management and performance-based incentive fees waived 

- 

- 

() 

Net expenses 

NET INVESTMENT INCOME 

REALIZED AND UNREALIZED GAINS (LOSSES) ON INVESTMENTS: 

Net realized gains (losses) from investment transactions 

Non-controlled/non-affiliated investments 

() 

() 

Non-controlled affiliated investments 

() 

Derivatives 

() 

- 

- 

Net realized gain (loss) on investments 

() 

() 

Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on: 

Non-controlled/non-affiliated investments 

() 

() 

Non-controlled affiliated investments 

() 

() 

Controlled affiliated investments 

() 

() 

Derivatives 

() 

() 

Net unrealized gain (loss) on investments 

() 

() 

Tax (provision) benefit on realized and unrealized (gains) losses on investments 

() 

() 

- 

Net realized and unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments, net of taxes 

() 

() 

Realized gains (losses) on extinguishments of debt 

- 

() 

NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN NETASSETS RESULTING FROM OPERATIONS 

() 

Net Increase (Decrease) In Net Assets Resulting from Operations per Common Share (1) : 

Basic and Diluted: 

() 

Net Investment Income Per Common Share (1) : 

Basic and Diluted: 

Weighted Average Shares of Common Stock Outstanding Basic and Diluted (1) 

(1) to 1 effective August 26, 2021, the weighted average shares outstanding and per share values have been adjusted retroactively to reflect the split for all periods presented. 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 5 

PORTMAN RIDGE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN NET ASSETS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Operations: 

Net investment income 

Net realized gains (losses) from investment transactions 

() 

() 

Realized gains (losses) from extinguishments of debt 

- 

() 

Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments 

() 

() 

Tax (provision) benefit on realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments 

() 

() 

- 

Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 

() 

Stockholder distributions: 

Distributions of ordinary income 

() 

() 

() 

Net decrease in net assets resulting from stockholder distributions 

() 

() 

() 

Capital share transactions: 

Issuance of common stock for: 

Distribution reinvestment plan 

Stock repurchases 

() 

() 

() 

Private placement and other 

Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from capital share transactions 

() 

Net assets at beginning of period 

Net assets at end of period 

Net asset value per common share (1) 

Common shares outstanding at end of period (1) 

(1) to 1 effective August 26, 2021, the common shares outstanding and net asset value per common share values have been adjusted retroactively to reflect the split for all periods presented . 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 6 

PORTMAN RIDGE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEM ENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net increase (decrease) in stockholders' equity resulting from operations to net cash (used in) provided by in operations: 

Net realized (gains) losses on investment transactions 

() 

Net change in unrealized (appreciation) depreciation from investments 

() 

Purchases of investments 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from sales and redemptions of investments 

Net accretion of investments 

() 

() 

() 

Amortization of debt issuance costs 

Realized (gains) losses on extinguishments of debt 

- 

() 

Net payment-in-kind interest income 

() 

() 

() 

Cash consideration net of cash acquired from mergers 

- 

Change in operating assets and liabilities: 

(Increase) decrease in receivable for unsettled trades 

() 

(Increase) decrease in interest and dividends receivable 

() 

() 

(Increase) decrease in due from affiliates 

() 

() 

(Increase) decrease in other assets 

() 

Increase (decrease) in payable for unsettled trades 

() 

- 

Increase (decrease) in accrued interest payable 

Increase (decrease) in management and incentive fees payable 

() 

() 

Increase (decrease) in due to affiliates 

() 

() 

Increase (decrease) in accounts payable and accrued expenses 

() 

Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 

() 

FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Debt issuance costs 

() 

() 

() 

Equity issuance costs 

- 

() 

() 

Private placement 

Stock repurchase program 

() 

() 

() 

Distributions to stockholders 

() 

() 

() 

Repurchase of Notes Due 2022 

- 

() 

() 

Issuance of 2018-2 Secured Notes 

- 

- 

Repayment of 2018-2 Secured Notes 

- 

() 

() 

Repayment of Notes from HCAP acquisition 

- 

() 

- 

Issuance of Notes Due 2026 

- 

- 

Borrowings from Revolving Credit Facilities 

Repayment of Revolving Credit Facilities 

() 

- 

() 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

() 

() 

() 

CHANGE IN CASH AND RESTRICTED CASH 

() 

() 

CASH AND RESTRICTED CASH, BEGINNING OF YEAR 

CASH AND RESTRICTED CASH, END OF YEAR 

Amounts per balance sheet: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Total Cash and Restricted cash 

Supplemental Information and non-cash activities: 

Cash paid for interest during the period 

Reinvestment of distributions 

Non-cash purchase of investments 

- 

- 

Acquisitions: 

Non-cash assets acquired 

Investments, at cost 

- 

Interest receivable 

- 

Other assets 

- 

Total non-cash assets purchased 

- 

Liabilities assumed 

Debt 

- 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

- 

Total liabilities assumed 

- 

Issuance of common stock 

- 

Deemed capital contribution from affiliates 

- 

Transaction costs 

- 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 7 

PORTMAN RIDGE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHED ULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 Debt Securities Portfolio 

Portfolio Company 14 
 Investment 
 Industry 
 Interest Rate 
 Reference Rate and Spread 1 
 Floor 
 Maturity 
 Initial Acquisition Date 
 Par/Shares 
 
 Cost 
 
 Fair Value 2 
 
 Footnote Refs 

Senior Secured Loans 

Accordion Partners LLC 
 Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 SOFR+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Accordion Partners LLC 
 Revolver 
 
 Cash 

- 

() 
 
 () 
 (7)(12)(20) 

Accordion Partners LLC 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 Cash 

- 

() 
 
 () 
 (7)(12)(13)(20) 

Accordion Partners LLC 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 Cash 

- 

() 
 
 () 
 (7)(12)(13)(20) 

Accurate Background, LLC 
 Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Accurate Background, LLC 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Advantage Capital Holdings LLC 
 Term Loan 
 
 Cash 

(7)(12)(13) 

AIDC IntermediateCo 2, LLC 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 SOFR+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

AIS Holdco, LLC 
 First Lien Term Loan A 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

AMCP Pet Holdings, Inc. 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

AMCP Pet Holdings, Inc. 
 Revolving Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12) 

American Academy Holdings, LLC 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Cash + PIK 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

American Academy Holdings, LLC 
 Term Loan Second Lien 
 
 PIK 

(7)(12) 

American Academy Holdings, LLC 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 Cash + PIK 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Analogic Corporation 
 First Lien Term Loan A 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Analogic Corporation 
 Revolver 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13)(20) 

Ancile Solutions, Inc. 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Cash + PIK 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Anthem Sports Entertainment Inc. 
 Term Loan 
 
 Cash + PIK 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Anthem Sports Entertainment Inc. 
 Revolver 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(20) 

Anthem Sports Entertainment Inc. 
 Revolver 
 
 Cash 
 PRIME+ 

(7)(12) 

Anthem Sports Entertainment Inc. 
 Revolver 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12) 

AP Core Holdings II, LLC 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(13) 

AP Core Holdings II, LLC 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(13) 

Appfire Technologies, LLC 
 Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 SOFR+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Beta Plus Technologies, Inc. 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 SOFR+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Beta Plus Technologies, Inc. 
 Revolver 
 
 Cash 

- 

- 

() 
 (7)(12)(20) 

Bradshaw International Parent Corp. 
 Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Bradshaw International Parent Corp. 
 Revolver 
 
 Cash 

- 

() 
 
 () 
 (7)(12)(20) 

Bristol Hospice 
 Unitranche 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Bristol Hospice 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13)(20) 

BW NHHC Holdco Inc. 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 SOFR+ 

(7)(12) 

C.P. Converters, Inc. 
 Seventh Amendment Acquisition Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

C.P. Converters, Inc. 
 Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

C.P. Converters, Inc. 
 Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

CB Midco, LLC 
 Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Cenexel Clinical Research, Inc. 
 Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 SOFR+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Centric Brands Inc. 
 Revolver 
 
 Cash 
 SOFR+ 

(7)(12)(13)(20) 

Centric Brands Inc. 
 Term Loan 
 
 Cash + PIK 
 SOFR+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Centric Brands Inc. 
 Revolver 
 
 Cash 
 SOFR+ 

(7)(12)(13)(20) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 8 

Portfolio Company 14 
 Investment 
 Industry 
 Interest Rate 
 Reference Rate and Spread 1 
 Floor 
 Maturity 
 Initial Acquisition Date 
 Par/Shares 
 
 Cost 
 
 Fair Value 2 
 
 Footnote Refs 

Circustrix Holdings, LLC 
 Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Circustrix Holdings, LLC 
 Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Circustrix Holdings, LLC 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Coastal Screen and Rail, LLC 
 Term Loan 
 
 Cash 

(7)(12) 

Critical Nurse Staffing, LLC 
 Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Critical Nurse Staffing, LLC 
 Revolver 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(20) 

Critical Nurse Staffing, LLC 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13)(20) 

Datalink, LLC 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Dentive, LLC 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 SOFR+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Dentive, LLC 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan - First Lien 
 
 Cash 

- 

() 
 
 () 
 (7)(12)(13)(20) 

Dentive, LLC 
 Revolver 
 
 Cash 

- 

() 
 
 () 
 (7)(12)(20) 

Dodge Data Analytics LLC 
 Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 SOFR+ 

(7)(13) 

Drilling Info Holdings, Inc. 
 Initial Term Loan (First Lien) 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(13) 

Drilling Info Holdings, Inc. 
 2020 Term Loan (First Lien) 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Electro Rent Corporation 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 SOFR+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

ELO Touch Solutions, Inc. 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Florida Food Products, LLC 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Florida Food Products, LLC 
 First Lein Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 SOFR+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Franchise Group, Inc. 
 First Out Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(13) 

Global Integrated Flooring Systems Inc. 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12) 

Global Integrated Flooring Systems Inc. 
 Revolver 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(20) 

Grindr Capital LLC 
 Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(12)(13) 

Grindr Capital LLC 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan - First Lien 
 
 Cash 
 SOFR+ 

(12)(13) 

H.W. Lochner, Inc. 
 Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

H.W. Lochner, Inc. 
 Revolver 
 
 Cash 
 SOFR+ 

(7)(12)(20) 

H.W. Lochner, Inc. 
 Revolver 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12) 

H-CA II, LLC 
 Term Loan 
 
 Cash 

(7)(12) 

HDC/HW Intermediate Holdings, LLC 
 First Lien Term Loan A 
 
 Cash + PIK 
 SOFR+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

HDC/HW Intermediate Holdings, LLC 
 Revolver 
 
 Cash + PIK 
 SOFR+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Help Systems Holdings, Inc. 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 SOFR+ 

(7)(13) 

Hollander Intermediate LLC 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 SOFR+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Intermedia Holdings, Inc. 
 First Lien Term Loan B 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(13) 

Ivanti Software, Inc. 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(13) 

JO ET Holdings Limited 
 Term Loan 
 
 Cash + PIK 
 SOFR+ 

(3)(12) 

Keg Logistics LLC 
 Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Keg Logistics LLC 
 Revolver 
 
 Cash 
 EURIBOR+ 

(7)(12)(20) 

Lifescan Global Corporation 
 First Lien Term Loan A 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(13) 

Lucky Bucks Holdings LLC 
 Term Loan 
 
 PIK 

(7)(12) 

Lucky Bucks, LLC 
 Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(13) 

Luminii LLC 
 First Lien Term Loan B 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Luminii LLC 
 Revolver 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13)(20) 

MAG DS Corp. 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 9 

Portfolio Company 14 
 Investment 
 Industry 
 Interest Rate 
 Reference Rate and Spread 1 
 Floor 
 Maturity 
 Initial Acquisition Date 
 Par/Shares 
 
 Cost 
 
 Fair Value 2 
 
 Footnote Refs 

Marble Point Credit Management LLC 
 Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(12)(13) 

Marble Point Credit Management LLC 
 Revolver 
 
 Cash 

- 

() 
 
 - 
 
 (12)(20) 

Maxor National Pharmacy Services, LLC 
 Revolver 
 
 Cash 

- 

- 

() 
 (7)(12)(13)(20) 

Maxor National Pharmacy Services, LLC 
 Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Mobex Global U.S., Inc. 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Cash + PIK 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Mobex Global U.S., Inc. 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Cash + PIK 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Mobex Global U.S., Inc. 
 First Lien Term Loan A 
 
 Cash + PIK 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Mobex Global U.S., Inc. 
 First Lien Term Loan B 
 
 Cash + PIK 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Money Transfer Acquisition, Inc. 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 SOFR+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Mother's Market Kitchen, Inc. 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

MSM Acquisitions, Inc. 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

MSM Acquisitions, Inc. 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Naviga Inc. 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 SOFR+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Naviga Inc. 
 Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 SOFR+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Naviga Inc. 
 Revolver 
 
 Cash 
 SOFR+ 

(7)(12)(13)(20) 

Naviga Inc. 
 Revolver 
 
 Cash 
 PRIME+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Naviga Inc. 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 SOFR+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Naviga Inc. 
 Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 SOFR+ 

(7)(12) 

Naviga Inc. 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 SOFR+ 

(7)(12) 

Neptune BidCo US Inc. 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 SOFR+ 

(7)(13) 

Netwrix Corporation 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 SOFR+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Netwrix Corporation 
 Revolver 
 
 Cash 

- 

() 
 
 () 
 (7)(12)(20) 

Netwrix Corporation 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan - First Lien 
 
 Cash 

- 

() 
 
 () 
 (7)(12)(13)(20) 

Northeast Metal Works LLC 
 Term Loan 
 
 Cash + PIK 

(7)(12)(17) 

One Stop Mailing LLC 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Orbit Purchaser LLC 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Orbit Purchaser LLC 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Orbit Purchaser LLC 
 Incremental First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Pomeroy Technologies, LLC 
 Senior Term Loan A 
 
 PIK 

(7)(12) 

Pomeroy Technologies, LLC 
 Senior Term Loan B 
 
 PIK 

(5)(7)(12) 

Pomeroy Technologies, LLC 
 Super Senior Term Loan B 
 
 PIK 

(7)(12) 

Pomeroy Technologies, LLC 
 Term Loan 
 
 PIK 

(7)(12) 

Pomeroy Technologies, LLC 
 Term Loan 
 
 PIK 

(7)(12) 

Premier Imaging, LLC 
 Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Premier Imaging, LLC 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13)(20) 

Priority Holdings, LLC 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Project Castle, Inc. 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 SOFR+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Project Leopard Holdings, Inc. 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 SOFR+ 

(7)(13) 

PVHC Holding Corp 
 Initial Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Qualtek USA, LLC 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(13) 

Radiology Partners, Inc 
 Term B Loan (First Lien) 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(13) 

Radius Aerospace, Inc. 
 Initial Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 SOFR+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Reception Purchaser, LLC 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 SOFR+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 10 

Portfolio Company 14 
 Investment 
 Industry 
 Interest Rate 
 Reference Rate and Spread 1 
 Floor 
 Maturity 
 Initial Acquisition Date 
 Par/ Shares 
 
 Cost 
 
 Fair Value 2 
 
 Footnote Refs 

Securus Technologies Holdings, Inc 
 Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

South Street Securities Holdings, Inc 
 Senior Notes 
 
 Cash 

(7)(12) 

Sundance Holdings Group, LLC 
 Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Surge Hippodrome Holdings LLC 
 Last Out Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 SOFR+ 

(7)(12)(17) 

Symplr Software, Inc. 
 Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 SOFR+ 

(7)(13) 

TA/WEG Holdings, LLC 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 SOFR+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

TA/WEG Holdings, LLC 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 SOFR+ 

(7)(12)(13)(20) 

TA/WEG Holdings, LLC 
 Revolver 
 
 Cash 

- 

() 
 
 () 
 (7)(12)(20) 

TLE Holdings, LLC 
 Initial Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

TLE Holdings, LLC 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13)(20) 

TronAir Parent Inc. 
 Initial Term Loan (First Lien) 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Wework Companies LLC 
 First Lien Term Loan - Last Out Lender 
 
 Cash 
 SOFR+ 

(12)(13) 

Wonder Love, Inc. 
 Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Total Senior Secured Loans of net asset value at fair value) 

Junior Secured Loans 

Confluence Technologies, Inc. 
 Term Loan Second Lien 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

DCert Buyer, Inc. 
 Term Loan (Second Lien) 
 
 Cash 
 SOFR+ 

(7)(13) 

Firstlight Holdco Inc. 
 Initial Term Loan (Second Lien) 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(13) 

Global Tel Link Corporation 
 Term Loan (Second Lien) 
 
 Cash 
 SOFR+ 

(7)(13) 

Helix Acquisition Holdings, Inc. 
 Initial Term Loan (Second Lien) 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Hoffmaster Group, Inc. 
 Initial Term Loan (Second Lien) 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(13) 

Idera, Inc. 
 Term Loan (Second Lien) 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Ivanti Software, Inc. 
 Term Loan Second Lien 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(13) 

Navex Topco, Inc. 
 Initial Term Loan (Second Lien) 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(13)(17) 

Phoenix Guarantor Inc. 
 Term Loan Second Lien 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

ProAir, LLC 
 Sub Note 
 
 PIK 

- 
 
 (5)(7)(8)(12) 

Project Leopard Holdings, Inc. 
 2nd Lien TL 
 
 Cash 
 SOFR+ 

(7)(12) 

Redstone Holdco 2 LP 
 Term Loan (Second Lien) 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(13) 

Robertshaw US Holding Corp. 
 Initial Term Loan (Second Lien) 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7) 

Safe Fleet Holdings LLC 
 Initial Term Loan (Second Lien) 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(13) 

Tex-Tech Industries, Inc. 
 Term Loan (Second Lien) 
 
 Cash + PIK 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

TRSO II, Inc. 
 Promissory Note 
 
 PIK 

- 
 
 (5)(7)(12) 

Zest Acquisition Corp. 
 Initial Term Loan (Second Lien) 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13)(17) 

Total Junior Loans of net asset value at fair value) 

Senior Unsecured Bond 

Tank Partners Equipment Holdings LLC 
 - 02/2022 - TankConvert 
 
 PIK 

(5)(7)(8)(12) 

Total Senior Unsecured Bond of net asset value at fair value) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 11 

Equity Securities Portfolio 

Portfolio Company 14 
 Investment 
 Industry 
 Interest Rate 
 Initial Acquisition Date 
 Par/Shares 
 
 Cost 
 
 Fair Value 2 
 
 Footnote Refs 

4L Ultimate Topco Corporation 
 Common 

(7)(12)(18) 

AAPC Holdings, LLC 
 Equity 

- 

- 

(7)(12)(18)(23) 

AAPC Holdings, LLC 
 Preferred Equity 
 
 Cash 

(7)(12)(23) 

Advantage Capital Holdings LLC 
 Class A Membership Units 

- 

(7)(12)(18)(19)(23) 

Advantage Capital Holdings LLC 
 Preferred Equity 
 
 PIK 

(7)(12)(23) 

Advantage Capital Holdings LLC 
 Class A Membership Units 

(7)(12)(18)(23) 

Anthem Sports Entertainment Inc. 
 Warrant Class A 

(7)(12)(18) 

Anthem Sports Entertainment Inc. 
 Warrant Class B 

- 

- 
 
 (7)(12)(18) 

Anthem Sports Entertainment Inc. 
 Warrant Common Stock 

- 

- 
 
 (7)(12)(18) 

Anthem Sports Entertainment Inc. 
 Warrants 

- 

- 
 
 (7)(12)(18) 

Anthem Sports Entertainment Inc. 
 Warrants 

- 

(7)(12)(18) 

Anthem Sports Entertainment Inc. 
 Warrants 

- 

- 
 
 (7)(12)(18) 

Aperture Dodge 18 LLC 
 Equity 

(7)(12)(18) 

ATP Oil Gas Corporation 
 Limited Term Royalty Interest 

- 

- 

(7)(11)(12) 

BMP Slappey Holdco, LLC 
 Preferred Stock 

(7)(12)(17)(18)(21) 

BMP Slappey Investment II 
 Preferred Stock 

(7)(12)(17)(18)(21) 

Brite Media LLC 
 Common Stock 

(7)(12)(18) 

Carestream Health Holdings, Inc. 
 Common Stock 

(7)(12)(18) 

Centric Brands Inc. 
 Common 

- 

- 
 
 (7)(12)(13)(18)(21) 

Everyware Global, Inc. 
 Common 

(7)(12)(18) 

Flight Lease VII 
 Common Stock 

(7)(12)(15)(18)(22) 

FP WRCA Coinvestment Fund VII, Ltd. 
 Class A Shares 

(3)(12)(18) 

Fusion Connect, Inc. 
 Common 

- 
 
 (7)(12)(13)(18) 

GreenPark Infrastructure, LLC 
 Preferred Equity 

(7)(12)(17)(18)(23) 

GreenPark Infrastructure, LLC 
 Preferred Equity 

(7)(12)(17)(18)(20)(23) 

KC Engineering Construction Services, LLC 
 Common Stock 

(7)(12)(18)(21) 

Kleen-Tech Acquisition, LLC 
 Common Stock 

(7)(12)(17)(18)(21) 

Northeast Metal Works LLC 
 Preferred Stock 

- 

- 
 
 (7)(12)(17)(18)(21) 

Ohene Holdings B.V. 
 Warrants 

- 

- 
 
 (3)(12)(18) 

ProAir HoldCo, LLC 
 Common Stock 

- 
 
 (7)(8)(12)(18) 

Prosper Marketplace 
 Class B Preferred Units 

(6)(7)(12)(18) 

Roscoe Investors, LLC 
 Class A Units 

(7)(12)(18) 

Safety Services Holdings Corporation, 
 Preferred Stock 

(7)(12)(18) 

South Street Securities Holdings, Inc 
 Warrant 

(7)(12)(18) 

Surge Busy Bee Holdings LLC 
 Warrants 

(7)(12)(18)(21) 

Surge Hippodrome Holdings LLC 
 Warrants 

(7)(12)(17)(18)(21) 

Surge Hippodrome Partners LP 
 Common Stock 

(7)(12)(17)(18)(21) 

Tank Partners Equipment Holdings LLC 
 Class A Units 

- 
 
 (7)(8)(12)(18) 

World Business Lenders, LLC 
 Common Stock 

- 

- 
 
 (12)(18) 

Total Equities of net asset value at fair value) 

CLO Fund Securities 

Portfolio Company 14 
 Investment 10 
 Industry 
 Maturity 
 Percentage Ownership 
 
 Initial Acquisition Date 
 
 Cost 

Fair Value 2 
 
 Footnote Refs 

Catamaran CLO 2014-1 Ltd. 
 Subordinated Securities, effective interest 

(3)(12) 

Catamaran CLO 2014-2 Ltd. 
 Subordinated Securities, effective interest 

- 
 
 (3)(12) 

Catamaran CLO 2015-1 Ltd. 
 Subordinated Securities, effective interest 

- 
 
 (3)(12) 

Catamaran CLO 2018-1 Ltd 
 Subordinated Securities, effective interest 

(3)(12) 

Dryden 30 Senior Loan Fund 
 Subordinated Securities, effective interest 

(3)(12) 

JMP Credit Advisors CLO IV LTD 
 Subordinated Securities, effective interest 

(3)(12) 

JMP Credit Advisors CLO V LTD 
 Subordinated Securities, effective interest 

(3)(12) 

Total CLO Fund Securities of net asset value at fair value) 

Asset Manager Affiliates 

Portfolio Company 14 
 Investment 
 Percentage Ownership 
 Initial Acquisition Date 
 Cost 

Fair Value 2 

Footnote Refs 

Asset Manager Affiliates 
 Asset Management Company 

- 

(8)(12) 

Total Asset Manager Affiliates of net asset value at fair value) 

- 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 12 

Joint Venture 

Portfolio Company 14 
 Investment 
 Percentage Ownership 
 Initial Acquisition Date 
 Cost 

Fair Value 2 

Footnote Refs 

KCAP Freedom 3 LLC 
 Joint Ventures 

(8)(12) 

Series A-Great Lakes Funding II LLC 
 Joint Ventures 

(9)(16)(17)(20) 

Total Joint Venture of net asset value at fair value) 

Derivatives 

Portfolio Company 14 
 Investment 
 Industry 
 Initial Acquisition Date 
 Cost 

Fair Value 2 

Footnote Refs 

HDNet Holdco LLC (Anthem) 
 Derivatives 

- 

(12)(19) 

Advantage Capital Holdings LLC 
 Derivatives 

- 

- 

(12)(19) 

Total Derivatives of net asset value at fair value) 

- 

Total Investments 4 of net asset value at fair value) 

(1) (based on par) of debt securities contain floors which range between and . 

(2) 

(3) 

(4) The aggregate cost of investments for federal income tax purposes is approximately million . The aggregate gross unrealized appreciation is approximately million , the aggregate gross unrealized depreciation is approximately million , and the net unrealized depreciation is approximately million . 

(5) 

(6) pursuant to the Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Garrison Capital Equity Holdings II LLC. 

(7) of the total assets at December 31, 2022 . 

(8) of the portfolio company s outstanding voting securities or has the power to exercise control over management or policies of such portfolio company (including through a management agreement). Other than for purposes of the 1940 Act, the Company does not believe that it has control over this portfolio company. 

(9) 

(10) CLO Subordinated Investments are entitled to periodic distributions which are generally equal to the remaining cash flow of the payments made by the underlying fund s investments less contractual payments to debt holders and fund expenses. The estimated annualized effective yield indicated is based upon a current projection of the amount and timing of these distributions. Such projections are updated on a quarterly basis and the estimated effective yield is adjusted prospectively. 

(11) royalty interest on oil being produced on certain fields. All production payments received are being applied to the cost basis and are considered return of capital. 

(12) 

(13) 

(14) 

(15) of the portfolio company s outstanding voting securities or has the power to exercise control over management or policies of such portfolio company. 

(16) 

(17) of the portfolio company s outstanding voting securities or is under common control with such portfolio company. 

(18) 

(19) 

N/A 

- 

Description 
 
 Counterparty 
 
 Number of shares 

Notional amount 

Exercise price 

Expiration date 
 
 Value 

Put option 
 
 Advantage Capital Holdings LLC 

- 

(20) 

(21) 

(22) 

(23) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 13 

PORTMAN RIDGE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2021 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 Debt Securities Portfolio 

Portfolio Company 14 
 Investment 
 Industry 
 Interest Rate 
 Reference Rate and Spread 1 
 Floor 
 Maturity 
 Initial Acquisition Date 
 Par/Shares 
 
 Cost 
 
 Fair Value 2 
 
 Footnote Refs 

Senior Secured Loans 

Accordion Partners LLC 
 Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Accordion Partners LLC 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 Cash 

- 

() 
 
 () 
 (7)(12)(13)(20) 

Accordion Partners LLC 
 Revolver 
 
 Cash 

- 

() 
 
 () 
 (7)(12)(20) 

Accurate Background, LLC 
 Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12) 

Advantage Capital Holdings LLC 
 Term Loan 
 
 Cash + PIK 

(7)(12)(13) 

Advantage Capital Holdings LLC 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 Cash + PIK 

(7)(12)(13) 

AIS Holdco, LLC 
 First Lien Term Loan A 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

AMCP Pet Holdings, Inc. 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

AMCP Pet Holdings, Inc. 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 Cash 

- 

() 
 
 - 
 
 (7)(12)(13)(20) 

AMCP Pet Holdings, Inc. 
 Revolving Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(20) 

Analogic Corporation 
 First Lien Term Loan A 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Analogic Corporation 
 Revolver 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13)(20) 

Ancile Solutions, Inc. 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Cash + PIK 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Anthem Sports Entertainment Inc. 
 Term Loan 
 
 Cash + PIK 

(7)(12)(13) 

Anthem Sports Entertainment Inc. 
 Revolver 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(20) 

AP Core Holdings II, LLC 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(13) 

AP Core Holdings II, LLC 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(13) 

Appfire Technologies, LLC 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 Cash 

- 

() 
 
 () 
 (7)(12)(13)(20) 

Appfire Technologies, LLC 
 Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Athos Merger Sub LLC 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

BJ Services, LLC 
 First Out Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

BMC Acquisition, Inc. 
 Initial Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Bradshaw International Parent Corp. 
 Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Bradshaw International Parent Corp. 
 Revolver 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(20) 

Bristol Hospice 
 Unitranche 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Bristol Hospice 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13)(20) 

C.P. Converters, Inc. 
 Seventh Amendment Acquisition Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

C.P. Converters, Inc. 
 Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

C.P. Converters, Inc. 
 Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

CB Midco, LLC 
 Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Centric Brands Inc. 
 Revolver 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13)(20) 

Centric Brands Inc. 
 Term Loan 
 
 PIK 

(7)(12)(13) 

Circustrix Holdings, LLC 
 Term Loan 
 
 Cash + PIK 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Circustrix Holdings, LLC 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Circustrix Holdings, LLC 
 Term Loan 
 
 Cash + PIK 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Coastal Screen and Rail, LLC 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Cash 

(7)(12) 

Critical Nurse Staffing, LLC 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13)(20) 

Critical Nurse Staffing, LLC 
 Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Critical Nurse Staffing, LLC 
 Revolver 
 
 Cash 

- 

() 
 
 () 
 (7)(12)(20) 

Datalink, LLC 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan (First Lien) 
 
 Cash 

- 

() 
 
 - 
 
 (7)(12)(20) 

Datalink, LLC 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Digitran Innovations B.V. (Pomeroy Solutions Holding Company, Inc.) 
 EUR Term Loan A 
 
 PIK 

(12) 

Drilling Info Holdings, Inc. 
 Initial Term Loan (First Lien) 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Drilling Info Holdings, Inc. 
 2020 Term Loan (First Lien) 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 14 

Portfolio Company 14 
 Investment 
 Industry 
 Interest Rate 
 Reference Rate and Spread 1 
 Floor 
 Maturity 
 Initial Acquisition Date 
 Par/Shares 
 
 Cost 
 
 Fair Value 2 
 
 Footnote Refs 

ELO Touch Solutions, Inc. 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(13) 

Global Integrated Flooring Systems Inc. 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12) 

Global Integrated Flooring Systems Inc. 
 Revolver 
 
 Cash 

- 

- 

() 
 (7)(12)(20) 

Grupo HIMA San Pablo, Inc. 
 Term B Loan (First Lien) 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(5)(7)(12)(13) 

Grupo HIMA San Pablo, Inc. 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 Cash 

(7)(12)(20) 

Grupo HIMA San Pablo, Inc. 
 Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(5)(7)(12)(13) 

H.W. Lochner, Inc. 
 Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

H.W. Lochner, Inc. 
 Revolver 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(20) 

H-CA II, LLC 
 Term Loan 
 
 Cash 

(7)(12) 

HDC/HW Intermediate Holdings, LLC 
 First Lien Term Loan A 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

HDC/HW Intermediate Holdings, LLC 
 Revolver 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Infobase Holdings, Inc. 
 Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Infobase Holdings, Inc. 
 Term Loan (add on) 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Intermedia Holdings, Inc. 
 First Lien Term Loan B 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(13) 

JO ET Holdings Limited 
 Term Loan 
 
 Cash + PIK 
 L+ 

(3)(12) 

Keeco, LLC 
 Term Loan 
 
 Cash + PIK 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Keg Logistics LLC 
 Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Keg Logistics LLC 
 Revolver 
 
 Cash 

- 

() 
 
 () 
 (7)(12)(20) 

Lifescan Global Corporation 
 First Lien Term Loan A 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(13) 

Lucky Bucks, LLC 
 Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Luminii LLC 
 First Lien Term Loan B 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Luminii LLC 
 Revolver 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13)(20) 

MAG DS Corp. 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Marble Point Credit Management LLC 
 Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(12)(13) 

Marble Point Credit Management LLC 
 Revolver 
 
 Cash 

- 

() 
 
 () 
 (12)(20) 

Maxor National Pharmacy Services, LLC 
 Revolver 
 
 Cash 

- 

- 

- 
 
 (7)(12)(13)(20) 

Maxor National Pharmacy Services, LLC 
 Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Mother's Market Kitchen, Inc. 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

MSM Acquisitions, Inc. 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan (First Lien) 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

MSM Acquisitions, Inc. 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Nasco Healthcare Inc. 
 Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Naviga Inc. 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Naviga Inc. 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Naviga Inc. 
 Revolver 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13)(20) 

Naviga Inc. 
 Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12) 

Naviga Inc. 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12) 

Northeast Metal Works LLC 
 Term Loan 
 
 Cash + PIK 

(7)(12)(17) 

One Stop Mailing LLC 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Orbit Purchaser LLC 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Orbit Purchaser LLC 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Orbit Purchaser LLC 
 Incremental First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Pomeroy Technologies, LLC 
 Senior Term Loan A 
 
 PIK 

(7)(12) 

Pomeroy Technologies, LLC 
 Senior Term Loan B 
 
 PIK 

(5)(7)(12) 

Pomeroy Technologies, LLC 
 Super Senior Term Loan B 
 
 Cash + PIK 

(7)(12) 

Pomeroy Technologies, LLC 
 Term Loan 
 
 Cash + PIK 

(7)(12) 

Premier Imaging, LLC 
 Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Premier Imaging, LLC 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 Cash 

- 

() 
 
 () 
 (7)(12)(13)(20) 

Priority Holdings, LLC 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

PVHC Holding Corp 
 Initial Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Q Holding Company (fka Lex Precision Corp) 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 15 

Portfolio Company 14 
 Investment 
 Industry 
 Interest Rate 
 Reference Rate and Spread 1 
 Floor 
 Maturity 
 Initial Acquisition Date 
 Par/Shares 
 
 Cost 
 
 Fair Value 2 
 
 Footnote Refs 

Qualtek USA, LLC 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(13) 

Radiology Partners, Inc 
 Term B Loan (First Lien) 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(13) 

Radius Aerospace, Inc. 
 Initial Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Ritedose Holdings I, INC 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Ritedose Holdings I, INC 
 Revolver 
 
 Cash 

- 

- 

- 
 
 (7)(12)(13)(20) 

Rotolo Consultants, INC. 
 Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12) 

San Vicente Capital LLC 
 Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Shipston Group, U.S., Inc. 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Cash + PIK 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Shipston Group, U.S., Inc. 
 Term Loan 
 
 Cash + PIK 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

South Street Securities Holdings, Inc 
 Initial Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Sundance Holdings Group, LLC 
 Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Surge Busy Bee Holdings LLC 
 First Lien Term Loan A 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12) 

Surge Busy Bee Holdings LLC 
 First Lien Term Loan B 
 
 Cash + PIK 

(7)(12) 

Surge Hippodrome Holdings LLC 
 Last Out Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(17) 

TA/WEG Holdings, LLC 
 Revolver 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(20) 

TA/WEG Holdings, LLC 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(20) 

Tailwind Randys, LLC 
 Initial Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

TLE Holdings, LLC 
 Initial Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

TLE Holdings, LLC 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13)(20) 

Triangle Home Fashions LLC 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

TronAir Parent Inc. 
 Initial Term Loan (First Lien) 
 
 Cash + PIK 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

VTK Acquisition, Inc. 
 Revolver 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(17) 

VTK Acquisition, Inc. 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(17) 

Wonder Love, Inc. 
 Term Loan 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Total Senior Secured Loans of net asset value at fair value) 

Senior Unsecured Bond 

Tank Partners Equipment Holdings LLC 
 - 02/2022 - TankConvert 

(5)(7)(8)(12) 

Total Senior Unsecured Bond of net asset value at fair value) 

Junior Secured Loans 

Carestream Health, Inc. 
 2023 Extended Term Loan (Second Lien) 
 
 Cash + PIK 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Confluence Technologies, Inc. 
 Term Loan Second Lien 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12) 

DCert Buyer, Inc. 
 Term Loan (Second Lien) 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(13) 

Firstlight Holdco Inc. 
 Initial Term Loan (Second Lien) 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Global Tel Link Corporation 
 Term Loan (Second Lien) 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(13) 

Grupo HIMA San Pablo, Inc. 
 Term Loan (Second Lien) 
 
 Cash 

- 
 
 (5)(7)(12) 

Helix Acquisition Holdings, Inc. 
 Initial Term Loan (Second Lien) 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(13) 

Hoffmaster Group, Inc. 
 Initial Term Loan (Second Lien) 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Idera, Inc. 
 Term Loan (Second Lien) 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Ivanti Software, Inc. 
 Term Loan Second Lien 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(13) 

Ministry Brands, LLC 
 April 2018 Incremental Term Loan (Second Lien) 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Navex Topco, Inc. 
 Initial Term Loan (Second Lien) 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(13)(17) 

Phoenix Guarantor Inc. 
 Term Loan Second Lien 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

ProAir Holdings Corporation 
 Term Loan Second Lien 
 
 Cash + PIK 

(5)(7)(12) 

ProAir Holdings Corporation 
 Term Loan Second Lien 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 16 

Portfolio Company 14 
 Investment 
 Industry 
 Interest Rate 
 Reference Rate and Spread 1 
 Floor 
 Maturity 
 Initial Acquisition Date 
 Par/Shares 
 
 Cost 
 
 Fair Value 2 
 
 Footnote Refs 

ProAir Holdings Corporation 
 Term Loan Second Lien 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12) 

Redstone Holdco 2 LP 
 Term Loan (Second Lien) 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

Robertshaw US Holding Corp. 
 Initial Term Loan (Second Lien) 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12) 

Roscoe Medical, Inc. 
 Term Loan (Second Lien) 
 
 Cash 

(7)(12) 

Safe Fleet Holdings LLC 
 Initial Term Loan (Second Lien) 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(13) 

Tex-Tech Industries, Inc. 
 Term Loan (Second Lien) 
 
 Cash + PIK 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13) 

TRSO II, Inc. 
 Promissory Note 
 
 PIK 

- 
 
 (5)(7)(12) 

Zest Acquisition Corp. 
 Initial Term Loan (Second Lien) 
 
 Cash 
 L+ 

(7)(12)(13)(17) 

Total Junior Loans of net asset value at fair value) 

Equity Securities Portfolio 

Portfolio Company 14 
 Investment 
 Industry 
 Initial Acquisition Date 
 
 Par/Shares 

Cost 

Fair Value 

Footnote Refs 

4L Ultimate Topco Corporation 
 Common 

(7)(12)(18) 

AAPC Holdings, LLC 
 Class A Preferred Units 

(7)(12)(19) 

Advantage Capital Holdings LLC 
 Class A Membership Units 

- 

(7)(12)(18)(19) 

Anthem Sports Entertainment Inc. 
 Warrant Class A 

(7)(12)(18) 

Anthem Sports Entertainment Inc. 
 Warrant Class B 

- 

(7)(12)(18) 

Anthem Sports Entertainment Inc. 
 Warrant Common Stock 

- 

(7)(12)(18) 

Anthem Sports Entertainment Inc. 
 Warrants 

- 

(7)(12)(18) 

Anthem Sports Entertainment Inc. 
 Warrants 

- 

(7)(12)(18) 

Anthem Sports Entertainment Inc. 
 Warrants 

- 

(7)(12)(18) 

ATP Oil Gas Corporation 
 Limited Term Royalty Interest 

(7)(11)(12) 

BMP Slappey Holdco, LLC 
 Preferred Stock 

(7)(12)(17)(18)(21) 

BMP Slappey Investment II 
 Preferred Stock 

(7)(12)(17)(18)(21) 

Brite Media LLC 
 Common Stock 

(7)(12)(18) 

Carestream Health, Inc. 
 Warrant 

- 

- 

(7)(12)(18) 

Centric Brands Inc. 
 Common 

- 

(7)(12)(13)(18) 

Coastal Screen and Rail, LLC 
 Preferred Stock 

(7)(12)(18)(21) 

EJF Investments Ltd. 
 Preferred Equity 

(3)(18) 

Everyware Global, Inc. 
 Common 

(7)(12)(18) 

Flight Lease VII 
 Common Stock 

(7)(12)(15)(18)(22) 

Flight Lease XII 
 Common Stock 

(7)(12)(17)(18)(21) 

FP WRCA Coinvestment Fund VII, Ltd. 
 Class A Shares 

(3)(12)(18) 

Fusion Connect, Inc. 
 Common 

- 

(7)(12)(13)(18) 

KC Engineering Construction Services, LLC 
 Common Stock 

(7)(12)(18)(21) 

Kleen-Tech Acquisition, LLC 
 Common Stock 

(7)(12)(17)(18)(21) 

Northeast Metal Works LLC 
 Preferred Stock 

- 

- 

(7)(12)(17)(18)(21) 

Ohene Holdings B.V. 
 Warrants 

- 

- 

(3)(12)(18) 

Prosper Marketplace 
 Class B Preferred Units 

(6)(7)(12)(18) 

Ravn Air Liquidation Trust 
 Equity 

(7)(12)(18) 

Roscoe Investors, LLC 
 Class A Units 

(7)(12)(18) 

Safety Services Holdings Corporation, 
 Preferred Stock 

(7)(12)(18) 

Surge Busy Bee Holdings LLC 
 Warrants 

(7)(12)(18)(21) 

Surge Hippodrome Holdings LLC 
 Warrants 

(7)(12)(17)(18)(21) 

Surge Hippodrome Partners LP 
 Common Stock 

(7)(12)(17)(18)(21) 

Tank Partners Equipment Holdings LLC 
 Class A Units 

- 

(7)(8)(12)(18) 

VTK Acquisition, Inc. 
 Common Stock 

(7)(12)(17)(18)(21) 

World Business Lenders, LLC 
 Common Stock 

- 

- 

(12)(18) 

Total Equities of net asset value at fair value) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 17 

CLO Subordinated Investments 

Portfolio Company 14 
 Investment 10 
 Industry 
 Maturity 
 Percentage Ownership 
 
 Initial Acquisition Date 
 
 Cost 

Fair Value 
 
 Footnote Refs 

Catamaran CLO 2013- 1 Ltd. 
 Subordinated Securities, effective interest 

(3)(12) 

Catamaran CLO 2014-1 Ltd. 
 Subordinated Securities, effective interest 

(3)(12) 

Catamaran CLO 2014-2 Ltd. 
 Subordinated Securities, effective interest 

- 
 
 (3)(12) 

Catamaran CLO 2015-1 Ltd. 
 Subordinated Securities, effective interest 

- 
 
 (3)(12) 

Catamaran CLO 2018-1 Ltd 
 Subordinated Securities, effective interest 

(3)(12) 

Dryden 30 Senior Loan Fund 
 Subordinated Securities, effective interest 

(3)(12) 

JMP Credit Advisors CLO IV Ltd. 
 Subordinated Securities, effective interest 

(3)(12) 

JMP Credit Advisors CLO V Ltd. 
 Subordinated Securities, effective interest 

(3)(12) 

Total CLO Fund Securities of net asset value at fair value) 

Asset Manager Affiliates 

Portfolio Company 14 
 Investment 
 Percentage Ownership 
 Initial Acquisition Date 
 Cost 

Fair Value 

Footnote Refs 

Asset Manager Affiliates 
 Asset Management Company 

- 

(8)(12) 

Total Asset Manager Affiliates of net asset value at fair value) 

- 

Derivatives 

Portfolio Company 14 
 Investment 
 Industry 
 Initial Acquisition Date 
 Cost 

Fair Value 

Footnote Refs 

AAPC Holdings, LLC 
 Derivatives 

- 

() 
 
 (12)(19) 

Coastal Screen and Rail, LLC 
 Derivatives 

- 

- 

(12)(19) 

HDNet Holdco LLC (Anthem) 
 Derivatives 

(12)(19) 

Total Derivatives (- of net asset value at fair value) 

() 

Joint Venture 

Portfolio Company 14 
 Investment 
 Percentage Ownership 
 Initial Acquisition Date 
 Cost 

Fair Value 

Footnote Refs 

KCAP Freedom 3 LLC 
 Joint Ventures 

(8)(12) 

BCP Great Lakes Holdings LP 
 Joint Ventures 

(9)(16)(17)(20) 

Total Joint Venture of net asset value at fair value) 

Total Investments 4 of net asset value at fair value) 

(1) (based on par) of debt securities contain floors which range between and . 

(2) 

(3) 

(4) The aggregate cost of investments for federal income tax purposes is approximately million. The aggregate gross unrealized appreciation is approximately million, the aggregate gross unrealized depreciation is approximately million, and the net unrealized depreciation is approximately million. 

(5) 

(6) pursuant to the Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Garrison Capital Equity Holdings II LLC. 

(7) of the total assets at December 31, 2021. 

(8) of the portfolio company s outstanding voting securities or has the power to exercise control over management or policies of such portfolio company (including through a management agreement). Other than for purposes of the 1940 Act, the Company does not believe that it has control over this portfolio company. 

(9) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 18 

(10) CLO Subordinated Investments are entitled to periodic distributions which are generally equal to the remaining cash flow of the payments made by the underlying fund s investments less contractual payments to debt holders and fund expenses. The estimated annualized effective yield indicated is based upon a current projection of the amount and timing of these distributions. Such projections are updated on a quarterly basis and the estimated effective yield is adjusted prospectively. 

(11) royalty interest on oil being produced on certain fields. All production payments received are being applied to the cost basis and are considered return of capital. 

(12) 

(13) 

(14) 

(15) of the portfolio company s outstanding voting securities or has the power to exercise control over management or policies of such portfolio company. 

(16) Ownership of LP interest held through the holding company BCP Great Lakes Fund, L.P, a non-U.S. company or principal place of business outside the U.S. 

(17) of the portfolio company s outstanding voting securities or is under common control with such portfolio company. 

(18) 

(19) 

 PIK 
 
 Cash 
 
 Advantage Capital Holdings LLC. 

() 

- 

() 

in thousands) 

Description 
 
 Counterparty 
 
 Number of shares 

Notional amount 

Exercise price 

Expiration date 
 
 Value 

Call option 
 
 HDNet Holdco LLC 

N/A 

Description 
 
 Counterparty 
 
 Number of shares 

Notional amount 

Exercise price 

Expiration date 
 
 Value 

Put option 
 
 Coastal Screen and Rail 

- 

- 

20. 

21. 

22. 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 19 

PORTMAN RIDGE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL H IGHLIGHTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 (4) 

2021 (4) 

2020 (4) 

2019 (4) 

2018 (4) 

Per Share Data: 

Net asset value, at beginning of period 

Net investment income (1) 

Net realized gains (losses) from investments (1) 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Net change in unrealized (depreciation) appreciation on investments (1) 

() 

() 

() 

Realized gains (losses) from extinguishment of debt (1) 

- 

() 

() 

() 

Tax (provision) benefit on realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments (1) 

() 

() 

- 

- 

- 

Net (decrease) increase in net assets resulting from operations 

() 

() 

() 

Net decrease in net assets resulting from distributions 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Net increase (decrease) in net assets relating to stock-based transactions (6) 

() 

() 

() 

Net asset value, end of period 

Total net asset value return (2) 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Total market return (3) 

() 

Ratio/Supplemental Data: 

Per share market value at beginning of period 

Per share market value at end of period 

Shares outstanding at end of period 

Net assets at end of period 

Portfolio turnover rate (5) 

Asset coverage ratio 

Ratio of net investment income to average net assets 

Ratio of total expenses to average net assets 

Ratio of interest expense to average net assets 

Ratio of non-interest expenses to average net assets 

(1) 

(2) 

(3) 

(4) 

(5) 

(6) 

(7) Incentive fees earned during the years ended December 31, 2022 , and December 31, 2021 were approximately million and million, respectively, of which was waived pursuant to the Externalization Agreement. Incentive fees earned during the year ended December 31, 2020, were approximately million, thousand of which was waived pursuant to the Externalization Agreement. Excluding the waiver, for the year ended December 31, 2020, ratio of total expenses to average net assets was and the ratio of non-interest expenses to average net assets was . 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 20 

PORTMAN RIDGE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 and, prior to the issuance of shares of the Company s common stock in its initial public offering IPO ), converted to a corporation incorporated in Delaware on December 11, 2006. The Company originates, structures, and invests in secured term loans, bonds or notes and mezzanine debt primarily in privately-held middle market companies but may also invest in other investments such as loans to publicly-traded companies, high-yield bonds, and distressed debt securities (collectively the Debt Securities Portfolio ). The Company also invests in debt and subordinated securities issued by collateralized loan obligation funds CLO Fund Securities ). In addition, from time to time the Company may invest in the equity securities of privately held middle market companies and may also receive warrants or options to purchase common stock in connection with its debt investments. The Company has elected to be treated and intends to continue to qualify as a regulated investment company RIC under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). To qualify as a RIC, the Company must, among other things, meet certain source-of-income, asset diversification and annual distribution requirements. As a RIC, the Company generally will not have to pay corporate-level U.S. federal income taxes on any income that it distributes in a timely manner to its stockholders. On March 29, 2018, the Company s Board of Directors (the Board ), including a required majority (as such term is defined in Section 57(o) of the 1940 Act) of the Board, approved the modified asset coverage requirements set forth in Section 61(a)(2) of the 1940 Act, as amended by the Small Business Credit Availability Act SBCA ). As a result, the Company s asset coverage requirement for senior securities changed from to , effective as of March 29, 2019. During the third quarter of 2017, the Company formed a joint venture with Freedom 3 Opportunities LLC Freedom 3 Opportunities ), an affiliate of Freedom 3 Capital LLC, to create KCAP Freedom 3 LLC (the F3C Joint Venture ). The Company and Freedom 3 Opportunities contributed approximately million and million, respectively, in assets to the F3C Joint Venture, which in turn used the assets to capitalize a new fund (KCAP FC3 Senior Funding, L.L.C. or the Fund managed by KCAP Management, LLC, one of the Company's indirectly wholly-owned Asset Manager Affiliate (as defined below) subsidiaries. In addition, the Fund used cash on hand and borrowings under a credit facility to purchase approximately million of loans from the Company and the Company used the proceeds from such sale to redeem approximately million in debt issued by KCAP Senior Funding I, LLC KCAP Senior Funding ). The F3C Joint Venture may originate loans from time to time and sell them to the Fund. On , the Company entered into an agreement with LibreMax Intermediate Holdings, LP LibreMax under which Commodore Holdings, LLC Commodore ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, sold the Company s wholly-owned asset manager subsidiaries Katonah Debt Advisors, LLC Katonah Debt Advisors ), Trimaran Advisors, L.L.C. Trimaran Advisors ), and Trimaran Advisors Management, L.L.C. Trimaran Advisors Management and, together with Katonah Debt Advisors and Trimaran Advisors, the Disposed Manager Affiliates ), for a cash purchase price of approximately million (the LibreMax Transaction ). The LibreMax Transaction closed on . As of December 31, 2022, the Company s remaining wholly-owned asset management subsidiaries (the Asset Manager Affiliates were comprised of Commodore, Katonah Management Holdings, LLC, Katonah X Management LLC, Katonah 2007-1 Management, LLC and KCAP Management, LLC. Prior to their sale in the LibreMax Transaction, the Disposed Manager Affiliates represented substantially all of the Company s investment in the Asset Manager Affiliates. The Externalization Agreement On December 14, 2018, the Company entered into a stock purchase and transaction agreement (the Externalization Agreement with BC Partners Advisors L.P. BCP ), an affiliate of BC Partners LLP, BC Partners ), through which Sierra Crest Investment Management LLC (the Adviser ), an affiliate of BC Partners, became the Company s investment adviser pursuant to an investment advisory Agreement (the Advisory Agreement with the Company. At a special meeting of the Company s stockholders (the Special Meeting held on February 19, 2019, the Company s stockholders approved the Advisory Agreement. The transactions contemplated by the Externalization Agreement closed on April 1, 2019 (the Closing ), and the Company commenced operations as an externally managed BDC managed by the Adviser on that date. Pursuant to the Externalization Agreement with BCP, the Adviser became the Company s investment adviser in exchange for a cash payment from BCP, or its affiliate, of million, or per share of the Company s common stock, directly to the Company s stockholders. In addition, the Adviser (or its affiliate) will use up to million of the incentive fee actually paid to the Adviser prior to the second anniversary of the Closing to buy newly issued shares of the Company s common stock at the most recently determined net asset value per share of the Company s common stock at the time of such purchase. For the period of one year from the first day of the first quarter following the quarter in which the Closing occurred, the Adviser agreed to permanently forego up to the full amount of the incentive fees earned by the Adviser without recourse against or reimbursement by the Company, to the extent necessary in order to achieve aggregate net investment income per common share of the Company for such period to be at least equal to per share, subject to certain adjustments. On the date of the Closing, the Company changed its name from KCAP Financial, Inc. to Portman Ridge Finance Corporation and on April 2, 2019, began trading on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol PTMN. About the Adviser The Adviser is an affiliate of BC Partners. Subject to the overall supervision of the Board, the Adviser is responsible for managing the Company s business and activities, including sourcing investment opportunities, conducting research, performing diligence on potential investments, structuring the Company s investments, and monitoring the Company s portfolio companies on an ongoing basis through a team of investment professionals. The Adviser seeks to invest on behalf of the Company in performing, well-established middle market businesses that operate across a wide range of industries (i.e., no concentration in any one industry). The Adviser employs fundamental credit analysis, targeting investments in businesses with relatively low levels of cyclicality and operating risk. The holding size of each position will generally be dependent upon a number of factors including total facility size, pricing and structure, and the number of other lenders in the facility. The Adviser has experience managing levered vehicles, both public and private, and seeks to enhance the Company s returns through the use of leverage with a prudent approach that prioritizes capital preservation. The Adviser believes this strategy and approach offers attractive risk/return with lower volatility given the potential for fewer defaults and greater resilience through market cycles. During the fourth quarter of 2020, LibreMax Intermediate Holdings, LP LibreMax sold its minority stake in the Adviser to a wholly-owned subsidiary of Mount Logan Capital Inc. Mount Logan ). An affiliate of BC Partners serves as administrator to Mount Logan. GARS Transaction On October 28, 2020 the Company completed its acquisition of Garrison Capital Inc., a publicly traded BDC GARS , and such transaction, the GARS Acquisition ). To effect the acquisition, a wholly owned merger subsidiary of the Company merged with and into GARS, with GARS surviving the merger as the Company s wholly owned subsidiary. Immediately thereafter and as a single integrated transaction, GARS consummated a second merger, whereby GARS merged with and into the Company, with the Company surviving the merger. Under the terms of the merger agreement for the GARS Acquisition, dated (the GARS Merger Agreement ), each share of GARS Common Stock issued and outstanding was converted into the right to receive (i) an amount in cash, without interest, equal to approximately and (ii) approximately shares of common stock, par value per share, of the Company (plus any applicable cash in lieu of fractional shares). Each share of GARS Common Stock issued and outstanding received, as additional consideration funded by the Adviser, an amount in cash, without interest, equal to approximately . HCAP Acquisition and Assumption and Redemption of HCAP Notes On June 9, 2021 the Company completed its acquisition of Harvest Capital Credit Corporation, a publicly traded BDC HCAP , and such transaction, the HCAP Acquisition ). To effect the acquisition, the Company s wholly owned merger subsidiary Acquisition Sub merged with HCAP, with HCAP surviving the merger as the Company s wholly owned subsidiary. Immediately thereafter and as a single integrated transaction, HCAP consummated a second merger, whereby HCAP merged with and into the Company, with the Company surviving the merger. As a result of, and as of the effective time of, the second merger, HCAP s separate corporate existence ceased. Under the terms of the merger agreement for the HCAP Acquisition, dated December 23, 2020 (the HCAP Merger Agreement ), HCAP stockholders as of immediately prior to the effective time of the first merger (other than shares held by a subsidiary of HCAP or held, directly or indirectly, by the Company or Acquisition Sub, and all treasury shares (collectively, Cancelled Shares )) received a combination of (i) million in cash paid by the Company, (ii) validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable shares of the Company s common stock, par value per share, and (iii) an additional cash payment from the Adviser of million in the aggregate. Shares of common stock issued and market price have not been adjusted to reflect the Reverse Stock Split. With respect to the merger consideration from the Company, HCAP stockholders as of immediately prior to the effective time of the first merger (other than Cancelled Shares) were entitled, with respect to all or any portion of the shares of HCAP common stock they held as of the effective time of the first merger, to elect to receive the merger consideration in the form of cash (an Election or in the form of the Company's common stock, subject to certain conditions and limitations in the merger agreement. Any HCAP stockholder who did not validly make an Election was deemed to have elected to receive shares of the Company s common stock with respect to the merger consideration as payment for their shares of HCAP common stock. Each share of HCAP common stock (other than Cancelled Shares) with respect to which an Election was made was treated as an Electing Share and each share of HCAP Common Stock (other than a Cancelled Share) with respect to which an Election was not made or that was transferred after the election deadline on June 2, 2021 was treated as a Non-Electing Share. Pursuant to the conditions of and adjustment mechanisms in the HCAP Merger Agreement, Electing Shares were converted to Non-Electing Shares for purposes of calculating the total mix of consideration to be paid to each Electing Share in order to ensure that the value of the aggregate cash consideration paid to holders of the Electing Shares equaled the aggregate cash consideration that HCAP received from the Company under the terms of the HCAP Merger Agreement. Accordingly, as a result of the Elections received from HCAP stockholders and any resulting adjustment under the terms of the HCAP Merger Agreement, each Electing Share received, in aggregate, approximately in cash and shares of the Company's common stock, while each Non-Electing Share received, in aggregate, approximately shares of the Company's common stock. On June 9, 2021, the Company entered into a third supplemental indenture (the HCAP Third Supplemental Indenture by and between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (the Trustee ), effective as of the closing of the HCAP Acquisition. The HCAP Third Supplemental Indenture relates to the Company s assumption of million in aggregate principal amount of HCAP s Notes due (the HCAP Notes ). Pursuant to the HCAP Third Supplemental Indenture, the Company expressly assumed the due and punctual payment of the principal of (and premium, if any) and interest, if any, on the HCAP Notes and the performance of HCAP s covenants under the base indenture, dated as of January 27, 2015, by and between HCAP and the Trustee, as supplemented by the second supplemental indenture, dated as of August 24, 2017, by and between HCAP and the Trustee. No change of control offer was required to be made in respect of the HCAP Notes in connection with the consummation of the HCAP Acquisition. The HCAP Notes could be redeemed by the Company at any time at par value plus accrued and unpaid interest. On July 23, 2021, the Company redeemed the entire notional amount of million of the HCAP Notes. Reverse Stock Split On August 23, 2021, the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment (the Reverse Stock Split Certificate of Amendment to the Company s Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware to effect a 1-for- reverse stock split of the issued and outstanding (or held in treasury) shares of the Company s common stock, par value per share (the Reverse Stock Split ). The Reverse Stock Split became effective as of 12:01 a.m. (Eastern Time) on August 26, 2021. As a result of the Reverse Stock Split, every ten shares of issued and outstanding common stock were automatically combined into one issued and outstanding share of common stock, without any change in the par value per share. No fractional shares were issued as a result of the Reverse Stock Split. Instead, any stockholder who would have been entitled to receive a fractional share as a result of the Reverse Stock Split received cash payments in lieu of such fractional shares (without interest and subject to backup withholding and applicable withholding taxes). On August 23, 2021, the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment to decrease the number of authorized shares of common stock by one half of the reverse stock split ratio (the Decrease Shares Certificate of Amendment with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. The Decrease Shares Certificate of Amendment became effective as of 12:05 a.m. (Eastern Time) on August 26, 2021. Following the effectiveness of the Decrease Shares Certificate of Amendment, the number of authorized shares of common stock under the Company s Certificate of Incorporation was reduced from million shares to million shares. The Reverse Stock Split Certificate of Amendment and the Decrease Shares Certificate of Amendment were approved by the Company s stockholders at its annual meeting held on June 7, 2021 and were approved by the Board on August 4, 2021. All share and per share values have been adjusted retroactively to reflect the split for all periods presented, except where otherwise noted. 

 The preparation of the consolidated financial statements requires the Company to make significant estimates and assumptions including with respect to the fair value of investments that do not have a readily available market value. Actual results could differ from those estimates, and the differences could be material. Certain prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation. The Company consolidates the financial statements of its wholly-owned special purpose financing subsidiaries Portman Ridge Funding 2018-2 Ltd. PRF CLO 2018-2 (formerly known as Garrison Funding 2018-2 Ltd.), Great Lakes KCAP Funding I LLC, Kohlberg Capital Funding I LLC, KCAP Senior Funding I, LLC, KCAP Funding I Holdings, LLC and Great Lakes Portman Ridge Funding, LLC in its consolidated financial statements as they are operated solely for investment activities of the Company. The creditors of Great Lakes Portman Ridge Funding, LLC received security interests in the assets which are owned by them and such assets are not intended to be available to the creditors of Portman Ridge Finance Corporation., or any other affiliate. The Company also consolidates various subsidiaries (KCAP Coastal, LLC, PTMN Sub Holdings, LLC, OHA Funding, LP, Garrison Capital Equity Holdings I LLC, Garrison Capital Equity Holdings II, LLC, Garrison Capital Equity Holdings VIII LLC, Garrison Capital Equity Holdings XI LLC, and GIG Rooster Holdings, LLC) created primarily to provide specific tax treatment for the equity and other investments held by these entities. In accordance with Article 6 of Regulation S-X under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), the Company does not consolidate portfolio company investments, including those in which it has a controlling interest. The determination of the tax character of distributions is made on an annual (full calendar year) basis at the end of the year based upon our taxable income for the full year and the distributions paid during the full year. Therefore, an estimate of tax attributes made on a quarterly basis may not be representative of the actual tax attributes of distributions for a full year. It is the Company s primary investment objective to generate current income and capital appreciation by lending directly to privately-held middle market companies. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company provided approximately million and million, respectively, to portfolio companies to support their growth objectives. Approximately million and million, respectively, of this support was contractually obligated. See also Note 8 Commitments and Contingencies. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company held loans it has made to and investee companies with aggregate principal amounts of approximately million and million. The details of such loans have been disclosed on the audited consolidated schedule of investments as well as in Note 4 Investments. In addition to providing loans to investee companies, from time to time the Company assists investee companies in securing financing from other sources by introducing such investee companies to sponsors or by, among other things, leading a syndicate of lenders to provide the investee companies with financing. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company did not recognize any fee income from such or similar activities. Recently adopted accounting pronouncements Not applicable Recent Accounting Pronouncements In June 2022, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Accounting Standards Update 2022-03, Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820) Fair Value Measurement of Equity Securities Subject to Contractual Sale Restrictions (ASU 2022-03). The accounting standard update clarifies the guidance in Topic 820 when measuring the fair value of an equity security subject to contractual restrictions that prohibit the sale of an equity security and introduces new disclosure requirements for equity securities subject to contractual sale restrictions and measured at fair value in accordance with Topic 820. The amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, and interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company has evaluated the impact of adopting this new accounting standard and the impact of the adoption is not material to the consolidated financial statements. 
 of the investment portfolio at the end of each quarter. The Company follows the provisions of ASC 820: Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures ASC 820: Fair Value ). This standard defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value, and expands disclosures about assets and liabilities measured at fair value. ASC 820: Fair Value defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The Adviser utilizes one or more independent valuation firms to provide third party valuation consulting services. Each quarter the independent valuation firms perform third party valuations of the Company s investments in material illiquid securities such that they are reviewed at least once during a trailing 12-month period. These third-party valuation estimates are considered as one of the relevant data points in the Adviser s determination of fair value. The Adviser may consider other methods of valuation than those set forth below to determine the fair value of Level III investments as appropriate in conformity with GAAP. Due to the inherent uncertainty of determining the fair value of investments that do not have a readily available market value, the fair value of the Company s investments may differ materially from the values that would have been used had a readily available market existed for such investments. Further, such investments may be generally subject to legal and other restrictions on resale or otherwise be less liquid than publicly traded securities. In addition, changes in the market environment and other events may occur over the life of the investments that may cause the value realized on such investments to be different from the currently assigned valuations. The majority of the Company s investment portfolio is composed of debt and equity securities with unique contract terms and conditions and/or complexity that requires a valuation of each individual investment that considers multiple levels of market and asset specific inputs, which may include historical and forecasted financial and operational performance of the individual investment, projected cash flows, market multiples, comparable market transactions, the priority of the security compared with those of other securities for such issuers, credit risk, interest rates, and independent valuations and reviews. Debt Securities . To the extent that the Company s investments are liquid and are priced or have sufficient price indications from normal course trading at or around the valuation date (financial reporting date), such pricing will be used to determine the fair value of the investments. Valuations from third party pricing services may be used as an indication of fair value, depending on the volume and reliability of the valuation, sufficient and reasonable correlation of bid and ask quotes, and, most importantly, the level of actual trading activity. However, if the Company has been unable to identify directly comparable market indices or other market guidance that correlate directly to the types of investments the Company owns, the Company will determine fair value using alternative methodologies such as available market data, as adjusted, to reflect the types of assets the Company owns, their structure, qualitative and credit attributes and other asset-specific characteristics. The Company derives fair value for its illiquid investments that do not have indicative fair values based upon active trades primarily by using a present value technique that discounts the estimated contractual cash flows for the subject assets with discount rates imputed by broad market indices, bond spreads and yields for comparable issuers relative to the subject assets (the Income Approach ). The Company also considers, among other things, recent loan amendments or other activity specific to the subject asset. Discount rates applied to estimated contractual cash flows for an underlying asset vary by specific investment, industry, priority and nature of the debt security (such as the seniority or security interest of the debt security) and are assessed relative to leveraged loan and high-yield bond indices, at the valuation date. The Company has identified these indices as benchmarks for broad market information related to its loan and debt securities. Because the Company has not identified any market index that directly correlates to the loan and debt securities held by the Company and therefore uses these benchmark indices, these market indices may require significant adjustment to better correlate such market data for the calculation of fair value of the investment under the Income Approach. Such adjustments require judgment and may be material to the calculation of fair value. Further adjustments to the discount rate may be applied to reflect other market conditions or the perceived credit risk of the borrower. When broad market indices are used as part of the valuation methodology, their use is subject to adjustment for many factors, including priority, collateral used as security, structure, performance and other quantitative and qualitative attributes of the asset being valued. The resulting present value determination is then weighted along with any quotes from observable transactions and broker/pricing quotes. If such quotes are indicative of actual transactions with reasonable trading volume at or near the valuation date that are not liquidation or distressed sales, relatively more reliance will be put on such quotes to determine fair value. If such quotes are not indicative of market transactions or are insufficient as to volume, reliability, consistency or other relevant factors, such quotes will be compared with other fair value indications and given relatively less weight based on their relevancy. Other significant assumptions, such as coupon and maturity, are asset-specific and are noted for each investment in the Consolidated Schedules of Investments included herein. Equity Securities . The Company s equity securities in portfolio companies for which there is no liquid public market are carried at fair value based on the enterprise value of the portfolio company, which is determined using various factors, including EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization) and discounted cash flows from operations, less capital expenditures and other pertinent factors, such as recent offers to purchase a portfolio company s securities or other liquidation events. The determined fair values are generally discounted to account for restrictions on resale and minority ownership positions. In the event market quotations are readily available for the Company s equity securities in public companies, those investments may be valued using the Market Approach (as defined below). In cases where the Company receives warrants to purchase equity securities, a market standard Black-Scholes model is utilized. The significant inputs used to determine the fair value of equity securities include prices, EBITDA and cash flows after capital expenditures for similar peer comparables and the investment entity itself. Equity securities are classified as Level III, when there is limited activity or less transparency around inputs to the valuation given the lack of information related to such equity investments held in nonpublic companies. Significant assumptions observed for comparable companies are applied to relevant financial data for the specific investment. Such assumptions, such as model discount rates or price/earnings multiples, vary by the specific investment, equity position and industry and incorporate adjustments for risk premiums, liquidity and company specific attributes. Such adjustments require judgment and may be material to the calculation of fair value. Derivatives . The Company recognizes all derivative instruments as assets or liabilities at fair value in its financial statements. Derivative contracts entered into by the Company are not designated as hedging instruments, and as a result the Company presents changes in fair value and realized gains or losses through current period earnings. Derivative instruments are measured in terms of the notional contract amount and derive their value based upon one or more underlying instruments. Derivative instruments are subject to various risks similar to non-derivative instruments including market, credit, liquidity, and operational risks. The Company manages these risks on an aggregate basis as part of its risk management process. The derivatives may require the Company to pay or receive an upfront fee or premium. These upfront fees or premiums are carried forward as cost or proceeds to the derivatives. The Company generally records a realized gain or loss on the expiration, termination, or settlement of a derivative contract. The periodic payments for the securities Swap and Option Agreement (excluding collateral) are included as a realized gain or loss. The Company values derivative contracts using various pricing models that take into account the terms of the contract (including notional amount and contract maturity) and observable and unobservable inputs such as interest rates and changes in fair value of the reference asset. Asset Manager Affiliates . The Company sold all of its investment in the Disposed Asset Manager Affiliates on December 31, 2018. Previously, the Company s investments in its wholly-owned Asset Manager Affiliates, were carried at fair value, which was primarily determined utilizing the discounted cash flow approach, which incorporated different levels of discount rates depending on the hierarchy of fees earned (including the likelihood of realization of senior, subordinate and incentive fees) and prospective modeled performance. Such valuation took into consideration an analysis of comparable asset management companies and the amount of assets under management. The Asset Manager Affiliates were classified as a Level III investment. Any change in value from period to period was recognized as net change in unrealized appreciation or depreciation. CLO Fund Securities . The Company typically makes a non-controlling investment in the most junior class of securities of CLO Funds. The investments held by CLO Funds generally relate to non-investment grade credit instruments issued by corporations. The Company s investments in CLO Fund Securities are carried at fair value, which is based either on (i) the present value of the net expected cash inflows for interest income and principal repayments from underlying assets and cash outflows for interest expense, debt pay-down and other fund costs for the CLO Funds that are approaching or past the end of their reinvestment period and therefore are selling assets and/or using principal repayments to pay down CLO Fund debt (or will begin to do so shortly), and for which there continue to be net cash distributions to the class of securities owned by the Company, a Discounted Cash Flow approach, (ii) a discounted cash flow model that utilizes prepayment and loss assumptions based on historical experience and projected performance, economic factors, the characteristics of the underlying cash flow and comparable yields for similar securities or preferred shares to those in which the Company has invested, or (iii) indicative prices provided by the underwriters or brokers who arrange CLO Funds, a Market Approach. The Company recognizes unrealized appreciation or depreciation on the Company s investments in CLO Fund Securities as comparable yields in the market change and/or based on changes in net asset values or estimated cash flows resulting from changes in prepayment or loss assumptions in the underlying collateral pool. As each investment in CLO Fund Securities ages, the expected amount of losses and the expected timing of recognition of such losses in the underlying collateral pool are updated and the revised cash flows are used in determining the fair value of the CLO Fund investment. The Company determines the fair value of its investments in CLO Fund Securities on a security-by-security basis. Due to the individual attributes of each CLO Fund Security, they are classified as a Level III investment unless specific trading activity can be identified at or near the valuation date. When available, observable market information will be identified, evaluated and weighted accordingly in the application of such data to the present value models and fair value determination. Significant assumptions to the present value calculations include default rates, recovery rates, prepayment rates, investment/reinvestment rates and spreads and the discount rate by which to value the resulting underlying cash flows. Such assumptions can vary significantly, depending on market data sources which often vary in depth and level of analysis, understanding of the CLO market, detailed or broad characterization of the CLO market and the application of such data to an appropriate framework for analysis. The application of data points are based on the specific attributes of each individual CLO Fund Security s underlying assets, historic, current and prospective performance, vintage, and other quantitative and qualitative factors that would be evaluated by market participants. The Company evaluates the source of market data for reliability as an indicative market input, consistency amongst other inputs and results and also the context in which such data is presented. For rated note tranches of CLO Fund Securities (those above the junior class) without transactions to support a fair value for the specific CLO Fund and tranche, fair value is based on discounting estimated bond payments at current market yields, which may reflect the adjusted yield on the leveraged loan index for similarly rated tranches, as well as prices for similar tranches for other CLO Funds and also other factors such as indicative prices provided by underwriters or brokers who arrange CLO Funds, and the default and recovery rates of underlying assets in the CLO Fund, as may be applicable. Such model assumptions may vary and incorporate adjustments for risk premiums and CLO Fund specific attributes. Short-term investments . Short-term investments are generally comprised of money market accounts, time deposits, and U.S. treasury bills. Joint Ventures . The Company carries investments in joint ventures Joint Ventures at fair value based upon the fair value of the investments held by the joint venture. See Note 4 below, for more information regarding the Joint Ventures. 

of our debt investments were on non-accrual status. Generally, the Company will capitalize loan origination fees, then amortize these fees into interest income over the term of the loan using the effective interest rate method, recognize prepayment and liquidation fees upon receipt and equity structuring fees as earned, which generally occurs when an investment transaction closes. Investment Income on CLO Fund Securities . The Company generates investment income from its investments in the most junior class of securities issued by CLO Funds (typically preferred shares or subordinated securities). The Company s CLO Fund junior class securities are subordinated to senior note holders who typically receive a stated interest rate of return based on a floating rate index, such as the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR on their investment. The CLO Funds are leveraged funds and any excess cash flow or excess spread (interest earned by the underlying securities in the fund less payments made to senior note holders and less fund expenses and management fees) is paid to the holders of the CLO Fund s subordinated securities or preferred shares. GAAP-basis investment income on CLO equity investments is recorded using the effective interest method in accordance with the provisions of ASC 325-40, based on the anticipated yield and the estimated cash flows over the projected life of the investment. Yields are revised when there are changes in actual or estimated projected future cash flows due to changes in prepayments and/or re-investments, credit losses or asset pricing. Changes in estimated yield are recognized as an adjustment to the estimated yield prospectively over the remaining life of the investment from the date the estimated yield was changed. Accordingly, investment income recognized on CLO equity securities in the GAAP statement of operations differs from both the tax basis investment income and from the cash distributions actually received by the Company during the period. For non-junior class CLO Fund Securities, interest is earned at a fixed spread relative to the LIBOR index. Investment income on Joint Ventures . The Company recognizes investment income on its investment in the Joint Ventures based upon its share of the estimated earnings and profits of the Joint Venture on the ex-dividend or ex-distribution date. The final determination of the tax attributes of distributions from the Joint Ventures is made on an annual (full calendar year) basis at the end of the year based upon taxable income and distributions for the full year. Therefore, any estimate of tax attributes of distributions made on an interim basis may not be representative of the actual tax attributes of distributions for the full year. Fees and other income . Origination fees (to the extent services are performed to earn such income), amendment fees, consent fees, and other fees associated with investments in portfolio companies are recognized as income when they are earned. Prepayment penalties received by the Company for debt instruments repaid prior to maturity date are recorded as income upon receipt. 

F- 25 

Weighted average number of common and common stock equivalent shares outstanding for basic and diluted shares computation 

Net increase (decrease) in net assets per basic common shares and diluted shares: 

Net increase (decrease) in net assets from operations (1) 

() 

(1) The Company completed a Reverse Stock Split of to 1 effective August 26, 2021, amounts have been adjusted retroactively to reflect the split. 

Junior Secured Loan 

Senior Unsecured Bond 

Equity Securities 

CLO Fund Securities 

Asset Manager Affiliates (2) 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Joint Ventures 

Derivatives 

- 

- 

() 

- 

Total 

(1) 

 (2) 

 The industry concentrations based on the fair value of the Company s investment portfolio as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, were as follows: 

in thousands) 
 
 December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Industry Classification 
 
 Cost/Amortized Cost 

Fair Value 

) 

Cost/Amortized Cost 

Fair Value 

) 

Aerospace and Defense 

Asset Management Company (2) 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Automotive 

Banking, Finance, Insurance Real Estate 

Beverage, Food and Tobacco 

Capital Equipment 

Chemicals, Plastics Rubber 

CLO Fund Securities 

Construction Building 

Consumer goods: Durable 

Consumer goods: Non-durable 

- 

- 

- 

Containers, Packaging and Glass 

Electronics 

Energy: Electricity 

- 

- 

- 

Energy: Oil Gas 

Environmental Industries 

Finance 

Forest Products Paper 

Healthcare, Education and Childcare 

Healthcare Pharmaceuticals 

High Tech Industries 

Hotel, Gaming Leisure 

Joint Ventures 

Machinery (Non-Agrclt/Constr/Electr) 

Media: Advertising, Printing Publishing 

Media: Broadcasting Subscription 

Media: Diversified Production 

Metals Mining 

Retail 

Services: Business 

Services: Consumer 

Telecommunications 

Textiles and Leather 

Transportation: Cargo 

- 

- 

- 

Transportation: Consumer 

Total 

(1) 

 (2) 

The Company may invest up to of the investment portfolio in non-qualifying opportunistic investments, including investments in debt and equity securities of CLO Funds, distressed debt or debt and equity securities of large cap public companies. Within this of the portfolio, the Company also may invest in debt of middle market companies located outside of the United States. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the total amount of non-qualifying assets was approximately and of total assets, respectively. The majority of non-qualifying assets are the Company s investments in joint ventures, in the aggregate representing and , respectively, of the total assets and the Company s investments in CLO Funds, which are typically domiciled outside the U.S. and represented approximately and of its total assets on such dates, respectively. Investments in CLO Fund Securities The Company has made non-controlling investments in the most junior class of securities (typically preferred shares or subordinated securities) of CLO Funds. These securities also are entitled to recurring distributions which generally equal the net remaining cash flow of the payments made by the underlying CLO Fund s securities less contractual payments to senior bond holders, management fees and CLO Fund expenses. CLO Funds invest primarily in broadly syndicated non-investment grade loans, high-yield bonds and other credit instruments of corporate issuers. The underlying assets in each of the CLO Funds in which the Company has an investment are generally diversified secured or unsecured corporate debt. The CLO Funds are leveraged funds and any excess cash flow or excess spread (interest earned by the underlying securities in the fund less payments made to senior bond holders, fund expenses and management fees) is paid to the holders of the CLO Fund s subordinated securities or preferred shares. In January 2021, the Company sold million notional amount of the subordinated notes of Catamaran 2016-1 for million. In July 2022, the Company received a final cash distribution from Catamaran 2013-1, and the Company's investment in Catamaran 2013-1 was redeemed in full. 

Catamaran CLO 2014-1 Ltd. 
 
 Subordinated Notes 

Catamaran CLO 2014-2 Ltd. 
 
 Subordinated Notes 

- 

- 

Catamaran CLO 2015-1 Ltd. 
 
 Subordinated Notes 

- 

- 

Catamaran CLO 2018-1 Ltd. 
 
 Subordinated Notes 

Dryden 30 Senior Loan Fund 
 
 Subordinated Notes 

JMP CLO IV Junior Sub Note 
 
 Subordinated Notes 

JMP CLO V Junior Sub Note 
 
 Subordinated Notes 

Total 

(1) 

Affiliate Investments: 

- 

- 

Tank Partners Equipment Holdings, LLC (1)(2)(3) 
 Energy: Oil Gas 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Flight Lease VII (1)(2)(4)(6) 
 Aerospace and Defense 

- 

- 

- 

() 
 
 - 

- 

- 

ProAir, LLC (1)(2)(3)(6) 
 Capital Equipment 
 
 - 

- 

- 

() 
 
 - 

- 

- 

- 

ProAir, LLC (1)(2)(3) 
 Capital Equipment 
 
 - 

- 

- 

() 
 
 - 

- 

- 

KCAP Freedom 3, LLC (1)(3) 
 Joint Venture 

- 

- 

- 

() 
 
 - 

- 

Total controlled affiliates 

- 

() 
 
 - 

BCP Great Lakes Holdings LP (5)(7) 
 Joint Venture 

- 

() 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 - 

- 

- 

Series A-Great Lakes Funding II LLC (5)(6)(8) 
 Joint Venture 
 
 - 

- 

() 
 
 - 

- 

Flight Lease XII (1)(2)(5)(6) 
 Aerospace and Defense 

() 
 
 - 

- 

() 

- 

- 

- 

GreenPark Infrastructure, LLC (1)(2)(5)(6) 
 Energy: Electricity 
 
 - 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

GreenPark Infrastructure, LLC (1)(2)(5)(6)(8) 
 Energy: Electricity 
 
 - 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Kleen-Tech Acquisition, LLC (1)(2)(5)(6) 
 Services: Business 

- 

- 

- 

() 
 
 - 

- 

- 

Northeast Metal Works LLC (1)(2)(5) 
 Metals Mining 

() 
 
 - 

- 

- 

Northeast Metal Works LLC (1)(2)(5)(6) 
 Metals Mining 
 
 - 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

BMP Slappey Holdco, LLC (1)(2)(5)(6) 
 Telecommunications 

- 

- 

- 

() 
 
 - 

- 

- 

BMP Slappey Investment II (1)(2)(5)(6) 
 Telecommunications 

- 

- 

- 

() 
 
 - 

- 

- 

Surge Hippodrome Partners LP (1)(2)(5)(6) 
 Services: Business 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Surge Hippodrome Holdings LLC (1)(2)(5)(6) 
 Services: Business 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Surge Hippodrome Holdings LLC (1)(2)(5) 
 Services: Business 

- 

- 

() 
 
 - 

- 

VTK Acquisition, Inc. (1)(2)(5) 
 Capital Equipment 

() 

- 

() 
 
 - 

- 

- 

- 

VTK Acquisition, Inc. (1)(2)(5) 
 Capital Equipment 

() 

- 

() 
 
 - 

- 

- 

- 

VTK Acquisition, Inc. (1)(2)(5)(6) 
 Capital Equipment 

() 
 
 - 

- 

() 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Navex Topco, Inc. (1)(2)(5) 
 Electronics 

- 

- 

() 
 
 - 

- 

Zest Acquisition Corp. (1)(2)(5) 
 Healthcare, Education and Childcare 

- 

- 

() 
 
 - 

- 

Total Non-controlled affiliates 

- 

() 
 
 () 

Total Affiliated Investments 

() 
 
 () 

(1) 

 (2) 

 (3) 

 (4) 

 (5) 

 (6) 

 (7) 

 (8) 

 The following table details investments in affiliates at December 31, 2021 (in thousands): 

in thousands) 
 Industry Classification 
 Fair Value of December 31, 2020 
 
 Purchases/ (Sales) of or Advances/ (Distributions) 
 
 Net Accretion 
 
 Transfers In/(Out) of Affiliates 
 
 Net Change in Unrealized Gain/(Loss) 
 
 Realized Gain/(Loss) 
 
 Fair Value of December 31, 2021 
 
 Principal / Shares at December 31, 2021 
 
 Interest Income 
 
 Dividend Income 

Asset Manager Affiliates (1)(2)(3) 
 Asset Management Company 
 
 - 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Tank Partners Equipment Holdings, LLC (1)(2)(3)(6) 
 Energy: Oil Gas 
 
 - 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Tank Partners Equipment Holdings, LLC (1)(2)(3) 
 Energy: Oil Gas 

- 

- 

() 
 
 - 

- 

- 

Flight Lease VII (1)(2)(4)(6) 
 Aerospace and Defense 
 
 - 

- 

- 

() 
 
 - 

- 

- 

KCAP Freedom 3, LLC (1)(3) 
 Joint Venture 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Total controlled affiliates 

- 

- 

- 

- 

BCP Great Lakes Holdings LP (5)(7) 
 Joint Venture 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Flight Lease XII (1)(2)(5)(6) 
 Aerospace and Defense 
 
 - 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Kleen-Tech Acquisition, LLC (1)(2)(5)(6) 
 Services: Business 
 
 - 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Northeast Metal Works LLC (1)(2)(5) 
 Metals Mining 
 
 - 

- 

() 
 
 - 

- 

Northeast Metal Works LLC (1)(2)(5)(6) 
 Metals Mining 
 
 - 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

BMP Slappey Holdco, LLC (1)(2)(5)(6) 
 Telecommunications 
 
 - 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

BMP Slappey Holdco, LLC (1)(2)(5)(6) 
 Telecommunications 
 
 - 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Surge Hippodrome Holdings LLC (1)(2)(5)(6) 
 Services: Business 
 
 - 

- 

- 

() 
 
 - 

- 

- 

Surge Hippodrome Holdings LLC (1)(2)(5)(6) 
 Services: Business 
 
 - 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Surge Hippodrome Holdings LLC (1)(2)(5) 
 Services: Business 
 
 - 

- 

- 

- 

VTK Acquisition, Inc. (1)(2)(5) 
 Capital Equipment 
 
 - 

- 

- 

- 

VTK Acquisition, Inc. (1)(2)(5) 
 Capital Equipment 
 
 - 

- 

- 

- 

VTK Acquisition, Inc. (1)(2)(5)(6) 
 Capital Equipment 
 
 - 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Navex Topco, Inc. (2)(5) 
 Electronics 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Zest Acquisition Corp. (1)(2)(5) 
 Healthcare, Education and Childcare 

- 

- 

- 

- 

GIG Rooster Holdings I, LLC (2)(5) 
 Energy: Oil Gas 

() 
 
 - 

- 

() 

- 

- 

Total Non-controlled affiliates 

- 

Total Affiliated Investments 

- 

(1) 

 (2) 

 (3) 

 (4) 

 (5) 

 (6) 

 (7) 

Investment in Joint Ventures: For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recognized million , million and million, respectively, in investment income from its investments in Joint Ventures. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the aggregate fair value of the Company s investments in Joint Ventures was approximately million and million, respectively. KCAP Freedom 3 LLC During the third quarter of 2017, the Company and Freedom 3 Opportunities LLC Freedom 3 Opportunities ), an affiliate of Freedom 3 Capital LLC, entered into an agreement to create KCAP Freedom 3 LLC (the F3C Joint Venture ). The Company and Freedom 3 Opportunities contributed approximately million and million, respectively, in assets to the F3C Joint Venture, which in turn used the assets to capitalize a new fund, Great Lakes KCAP F3C Senior Funding L.L.C. (formerly known as KCAP F3C Senior Funding, L.L.C.) (the Fund managed by KCAP Management, LLC, one of the Asset Manager Affiliates. In addition, the Fund used cash on hand and borrowings under a credit facility to purchase approximately million of primarily middle-market loans from us and we used the proceeds from such sale to redeem approximately million in debt issued by KCAP Senior Funding I, LLC KCAP Senior Funding ). The Fund invests primarily in middle-market loans and the F3C Joint Venture partners may source middle-market loans from time-to-time for the Fund. During the fourth quarter of 2017, the Fund was refinanced through the issuance of senior and subordinated notes. The F3C Joint Venture purchased of the subordinated notes issued by the Fund. In connection with the refinancing, the F3C Joint Venture made a cash distribution to the Company of approximately million. million of this distribution was a return of capital, reducing the cost basis of its investment in the F3C Joint Venture by that amount. The final determination of the tax attributes of distributions from the F3C Joint Venture is made on an annual (full calendar year) basis at the end of the year, therefore, any estimate of tax attributes of distributions made on an interim basis may not be representative of the actual tax attributes of distributions for the full year. The Company owns a equity investment in the F3C Joint Venture. The F3C Joint Venture is structured as an unconsolidated Delaware limited liability company. All portfolio and other material decisions regarding the F3C Joint Venture must be submitted to its board of managers, which is comprised of members, of whom were selected by the Company and of whom were selected by Freedom 3 Opportunities, and must be approved by at least one member appointed by the Company and one appointed by Freedom 3 Opportunities. In addition, certain matters may be approved by the F3C Joint Venture s investment committee, which is comprised of one member appointed by the Company and one member appointed by Freedom 3 Opportunities. In connection with the Externalization, during the first quarter of 2019, KCAP Management agreed to waive management fees it is otherwise entitled to receive for managing the Fund. In addition, the F3C Joint Venture was restructured such that the Company is now entitled to receive a preferred distribution in an amount equal to the fees waived by KCAP Management. The impact of these transactions was a reduction in the fair value of the Asset Manager Affiliates and an increase in the fair value of the Company s investment in the F3C Joint Venture during the first quarter of 2019. The reduction in the fair value of the Asset Manager Affiliates was recognized as a realized loss on the consolidated statement of operations. The increase in the fair value of the Company s investment in the F3C Joint Venture was recognized as an unrealized gain in the consolidated statement of operations. The Company has determined that the F3C Joint Venture is an investment company under Accounting Standards Codification ASC ), Financial Services Investment Companies ASC 946 ), however, in accordance with such guidance, the Company will generally not consolidate its investment in a company other than a wholly owned investment company subsidiary or a controlled operating company whose business consists of providing services to the Company. The Company does not consolidate its interest in the F3C Joint Venture because the Company does not control the F3C Joint Venture due to allocation of the voting rights among the F3C Joint Venture partners. As of December 31, 2022, the F3C Joint Venture is not considered to be a significant subsidiary under Rule 3-09 and therefore summarized financial information for the period has not been included. Summarized financial information for the years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 have been included for comparative purposes. 

Total Assets 

Total Liabilities 

Total Equity 

Total Liabilities and Equity 

KCAP Freedom 3 LLC Summarized Statements of Operations (in thousands) 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2021 

2020 

Investment income 

Operating expenses 

Net investment income 

Unrealized appreciation on investments 

() 

Net income 

KCAP Freedom 3 LLC Schedule of Investments December 31, 2021 (in thousands) 

Portfolio Company 
 
 Investment 
 
 Percentage Ownership by Joint Venture 

Amortized Cost 

Fair Value 

Great Lakes KCAP F3C Senior, LLC (1)(2) 
 
 Subordinated Securities, effective interest 21.3 , 12/29 maturity 

Total Investments 

(1) CLO Subordinated Investments are entitled to periodic distributions which are generally equal to the remaining cash flow of the payments made by the underlying fund s investments less contractual payments to debt holders and fund expenses. The estimated annualized effective yield indicated is based upon a current projection of the amount and timing of these distributions. Such projections are updated on a quarterly basis and the estimated effective yield is adjusted prospectively. 

 (2) Fair value of this investment was determined using significant unobservable inputs, including default rates, prepayment rates, spreads, and the discount rate by which to value the resulting cash flows. 

Series A Great Lakes Funding II LLC In August 2022, the Company invested in Series A Great Lakes Funding II LLC (the Great Lakes II Joint Venture, collectively with the F3C Joint Venture the Joint Ventures ), a joint venture with an investment strategy to underwrite and hold senior, secured unitranche loans made to middle-market companies. The Company treats its investment in the Great Lakes II Joint Venture as a joint venture since an affiliate of the Adviser controls a voting interest in the Great Lakes II Joint Venture. In connection with the launch of the Great Lakes II Joint Venture, the Company entered into a series of transactions pursuant to which the Company s prior investment in BCP Great Lakes Holdings LP, a vehicle formed as a co-investment vehicle to facilitate the participation of certain co-investors to invest, directly or indirectly, in BCP Great Lakes Funding, LLC (the Prior Great Lakes Joint Venture ), and the corresponding assets held by the Prior Great Lakes Joint Venture in respect of the Company s investment in BCP Great Lakes Holdings LP, were transferred to the Great Lakes II Joint Venture in complete redemption of the Company s investment in BCP Great Lakes Holdings LP. The Great Lakes II Joint Venture is a Delaware series limited liability company, and pursuant to the terms of the Great Lakes Funding II LLC Limited Liability Company Agreement (the Great Lakes II LLC Agreement ), prior to the end of the investment period with respect to each series established under the Great Lakes II LLC Agreement, each member of the predecessor series would be offered the opportunity to roll its interests into any subsequent series of the Great Lakes II Joint Venture. The Company does not pay any advisory fees in connection with its investment in the Great Lakes II Joint Venture. Certain other funds managed by the Adviser or its affiliates have also invested in the Great Lakes II Joint Venture. The fair value of the Company s investment in the Great Lakes II Joint Venture at December 31, 2022 was million . The fair value of the Company s investment in the Prior Great Lakes Joint Venture at December 31, 2021 was million. Fair value has been determined utilizing the practical expedient pursuant to ASC 820-10. Pursuant to the terms of the Great Lakes II LLC Agreement, the Company generally may not effect any direct or indirect sale, transfer, assignment, hypothecation, pledge or other disposition of or encumbrance upon its interests in the Great Lakes II Joint Venture, except that the Company may sell or otherwise transfer its interests with the consent of the managing members of the Great Lakes II Joint Venture or to an affiliate or a successor to substantially all of the assets of the Company. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has a million unfunded commitment to the Great Lakes II Joint Venture. As of December 31, 2021 , the Company had a million unfunded commitment to the Prior Great Lakes Joint Venture. Fair Value Measurements The Company follows the provisions of ASC 820: Fair Value, which among other matters, requires enhanced disclosures about investments that are measured and reported at fair value. This standard defines fair value and establishes a hierarchal disclosure framework which prioritizes and ranks the level of market price observability used in measuring investments at fair value and expands disclosures about assets and liabilities measured at fair value. ASC 820: Fair Value defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. This fair value definition focuses on an exit price in the principle, or most advantageous market, and prioritizes, within a measurement of fair value, the use of market-based inputs (which may be weighted or adjusted for relevance, reliability and specific attributes relative to the subject investment) over entity-specific inputs. Market price observability is affected by a number of factors, including the type of investment and the characteristics specific to the investment. Investments with readily available active quoted prices or for which fair value can be measured from actively quoted prices generally will have a higher degree of market price observability and a lesser degree of judgment used in measuring fair value. ASC 820: Fair Value establishes the following three-level hierarchy, based upon the transparency of inputs to the fair value measurement of an asset or liability as of the measurement date: Level I Unadjusted quoted prices are available in active markets for identical investments as of the reporting date. The type of investments included in Level I include listed equities and listed securities. As required by ASC 820: Fair Value, the Company does not adjust the quoted price for these investments, even in situations where the Company holds a large position and a sale could reasonably affect the quoted price. Level II Pricing inputs are other than quoted prices in active markets, which are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reporting date. Such inputs may be quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities, quoted markets that are not active, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full character of the financial instrument, or inputs that are derived principally from, or corroborated by, observable market information. Investments which are generally included in this category include illiquid debt securities and less liquid, privately held or restricted equity securities for which some level of recent trading activity has been observed. Level III Pricing inputs are unobservable for the investment and includes situations where there is little, if any, market activity for the investment. The inputs may be based on the Company s own assumptions about how market participants would price the asset or liability or may use Level II inputs, as adjusted, to reflect specific investment attributes relative to a broader market assumption. These inputs into the determination of fair value may require significant management judgment or estimation. Even if observable market data for comparable performance or valuation measures (earnings multiples, discount rates, other financial/valuation ratios, etc.) are available, such investments are grouped as Level III if any significant data point that is not also market observable (private company earnings, cash flows, etc.) is used in the valuation methodology. In certain cases, the inputs used to measure fair value may fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In such cases, an investment s level within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The Company s assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment, and the Company considers factors specific to the investment. A majority of the Company s investments are classified as Level III. The Company evaluates the source of inputs, including any markets in which its investments are trading, in determining fair value. Inputs that are highly correlated to the specific investment being valued and those derived from reliable or knowledgeable sources will tend to have a higher weighting in determining fair value. The Company s fair value determinations may include factors such as an assessment of each underlying investment, its current and prospective operating and financial performance, consideration of financing and sale transactions with third parties, expected cash flows and market-based information, including comparable transactions, performance factors, and other investment or industry specific market data, among other factors. 

As of December 31, 2022 

in thousands) 
 
 Level I 

Level II 

Level III 

NAV 

Total 

Debt securities 

- 

- 

Equity securities 

- 

- 

- 

CLO Fund securities 

- 

- 

- 

Joint Ventures 

- 

- 

Derivatives 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Total 

- 

- 

CLO Fund securities 

- 

- 

- 

Equity securities 

- 

- 

Joint Ventures 

- 

- 

Derivatives 

- 

- 

() 

- 

() 

Total 

As a BDC, the Company is required to invest primarily in the debt and equity of non-public companies for which there is little, if any, market-observable information. As a result, a significant portion of the Company s investments at any given time will likely be deemed Level III investments. Investment values derived by a third party pricing service are generally deemed to be Level III values. For those that have observable trades, the Company considers them to be Level II. 
 The fair value of the Company s investment in the Great Lakes II Joint Venture at December 31, 2022 was million . The fair value of the Company's investment in the Prior Great Lakes Joint Venture at December 31, 2021 was million. Fair value has been determined utilizing the practical expedient pursuant to ASC 820-10. Subject to the limitations noted above, values derived for debt and equity securities using comparable public/private companies generally utilize market-observable data from such comparables and specific, non-public and non-observable financial measures (such as earnings or cash flows) for the private, underlying company/issuer. Such non-observable company/issuer data is typically provided on a monthly or quarterly basis, is certified as correct by the management of the company/issuer and/or audited by an independent accounting firm on an annual basis. Since such private company/issuer data is not publicly available it is not deemed market-observable data and, as a result, such investment values are grouped as Level III assets. 

() 

Transfers out of Level III 

() 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

Transfers into Level III 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Net accretion 

- 

- 

- 

Purchases 

- 

- 

- 

Sales/Paydowns/Return of Capital 

() 

() 

() 

- 

() 

Total realized gain (loss) included in earnings 

() 

() 

- 

() 

() 

Change in unrealized gain (loss) included in earnings 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

- 

Changes in unrealized gains (losses) included in earnings related to investments still held at reporting date 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 (1) million relating to debt securities for which pricing inputs, other than their quoted prices in active markets were observable as of December 31, 2022 . 

 (2) million relating to debt securities for which pricing inputs, other than their quoted prices in active markets were unobservable as of December 31, 2022 . 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

in thousands) 
 
 Debt Securities 

Equity Securities 

CLO Fund Securities 

Joint Ventures 

Derivatives 

Total 

Balance, December 31, 2020 

() 

Transfers out of Level III 

() 

- 

- 

- 

() 

Transfers into Level III 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Net accretion 

- 

- 

- 

Purchases 

- 

Sales/Paydowns/Return of Capital 

() 

() 

() 

- 

() 

() 

Total realized gain (loss) included in earnings 

() 

() 

- 

() 

Change in unrealized gain (loss) included in earnings 

() 

() 

() 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

() 

Changes in unrealized gains (losses) included in earnings related to investments still held at reporting date 

() 

() 

() 
 
 (1) million relating to debt securities for which pricing inputs, other than their quoted prices in active markets were observable as of December 31, 2021 . 

 (2) million relating to debt securities for which pricing inputs, other than their quoted prices in active markets were unobservable as of December 31, 2021 . 

As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company s Level II portfolio investments were valued by a third party pricing services for which the prices are not adjusted and for which inputs are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full character of the financial instrument, or by inputs that are derived principally from, or corroborated by, observable market information. The fair value of the Company s Level II portfolio investments was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

Enterprise Value 
 
 Average EBITDA Multiple 
 
 x 

Debt Securities 

Recovery Rate Multiple 
 
 x 

Average Revenue Multiple 
 
 x 

Income Approach 
 
 Implied Discount Rate 
 
 - 

Recent Transaction 
 
 Implied Discount Rate 
 
 - 

Enterprise Value 
 
 Average EBITDA Multiple / WACC 
 
 x- x x) 

Equity Securities 

Recovery Rate 
 
 x 

Income Approach 
 
 Implied Discount Rate 
 
 - 

Recent Transaction 
 
 Implied Discount Rate 

Discount Rate 
 
 - 

Probability of Default 
 
 - 

CLO Fund Securities 

Discounted Cash Flow 
 
 Recovery Rate 
 
 - .0 

Prepayment Rate 
 
 - 

Discount Rate 
 
 - 

Probability of Default 
 
 - 

Joint Ventures 

Discounted Cash Flow 
 
 Recovery Rate 
 
 - 

Prepayment Rate 
 
 - 

Derivatives 

- 

Enterprise Value 
 
 Average EBITDA Multiple 
 
 x 

Total Level III Investments 

As of December 31, 2021, the Company s Level III portfolio investments had the following valuation techniques and significant inputs: 

Type 
 
 Fair Value 

Primary Valuation Techniques 
 
 Unobservable Inputs 
 
 Range of Inputs (Weighted Average) 

Enterprise Value 
 
 Average EBITDA Multiple 
 
 x- x x) 

Debt Securities 

Recovery Rate Multiple 
 
 x- x x) 

Income Approach 
 
 Implied Discount Rate 
 
 - 

Enterprise Value 
 
 Average EBITDA Multiple / WACC 
 
 x- x x) 

Equity Securities 

Recovery Rate Multiple 
 
 x- x x) 

Income Approach 
 
 Implied Discount Rate 
 
 - 

Discount Rate 
 
 - 

Probability of Default 
 
 - 

CLO Fund Securities 

Discounted Cash Flow 
 
 Loss Severity 
 
 - 

Recovery Rate 
 
 - 

Prepayment Rate 
 
 - 

Discount Rate 
 
 - 

Probability of Default 
 
 - 

Joint Ventures 

Discounted Cash Flow 
 
 Loss Severity 
 
 - 

Recovery Rate 
 
 - 

Prepayment Rate 
 
 - 

Derivatives 

() 
 
 Market Approach 
 
 Transacted Value/Contractual Financing Rate 

Total Level III Investments 

The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of the Company s debt securities may include, among other things, broad market indices, the comparable yields of similar investments in similar industries, effective discount rates, average EBITDA multiples, and weighted average cost of capital. Significant increases or decreases in such comparable yields would result in a significantly lower or higher fair value measurement, respectively. The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of the Company s equity securities include the EBITDA multiple of similar investments in similar industries and the weighted average cost of capital. Significant increases or decreases in such inputs would result in a significantly lower or higher fair value measurement. Significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of the Company s CLO Fund Securities include default rates, recovery rates, prepayment rates, spreads, and the discount rate by which to value the resulting underlying cash flows. Such assumptions can vary significantly, depending on market data sources which often vary in depth and level of analysis, understanding of the CLO market, detailed or broad characterization of the CLO market and the application of such data to an appropriate framework for analysis. The application of data points are based on the specific attributes of each individual CLO Fund Security s underlying assets, historic, current and prospective performance, vintage, and other quantitative and qualitative factors that would be evaluated by market participants. The Company evaluates the source of market data for reliability as an indicative market input, consistency amongst other inputs and results and also the context in which such data is presented. Significant increases or decreases in probability of default and loss severity inputs in isolation would result in a significantly lower or higher fair value measurement, respectively. In general, a change in the assumption of the probability of default is accompanied by a directionally similar change in the assumption used for the loss severity in an event of default. Significant increases or decreases in the discount rate in isolation would result in a significantly lower or higher fair value measurement. The Company s investment in the F3C Joint Venture is carried at fair value based upon the fair value of the investments held by the F3C Joint Venture. The Company values derivative contracts using various pricing models that take into account the terms of the contract (including notional amount and contract maturity) and observable and unobservable inputs such as interest rates and changes in fair value of the reference asset. 

- 

- 

() 

Put option (2) 

- 

- 

- 

Securities Swap and Option Agreement (1) 

- 

- 

() 

Total 

- 

() 

(1) Net amount included in the derivative caption on the consolidated balance sheets 

(2) Net amount included in non-controlled/non- affiliated investments on the consolidated balance sheets 

in thousands) 
 
 December 31, 2021 

Types of contracts 
 
 Notional amounts 

Derivative assets (liabilities) (1) 

Realized gain(loss) 

Unrealized gain(loss) 

Call option 

- 

() 

Put option 

- 

- 

- 

Securities Swap and Option Agreement 

() 

() 

Total 

() 

() 

(1) Net amount included in the derivative caption on the consolidated balance sheets 

Term Unless earlier terminated as described below, the Investment Advisory Agreement will remain in effect from year-to-year if approved annually by a majority of the Board or by the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares, and, in each case, a majority of the independent directors. The Advisory Agreement will automatically terminate within the meaning of the 1940 Act and related Securities and Exchange Commission SEC guidance and interpretations in the event of its assignment. Removal of Adviser Compensation of Adviser Pursuant to the terms of the Advisory Agreement, the Company pays the Adviser (i) a base management fee (the Base Management Fee and (ii) an incentive fee (the Incentive Fee ). The Income-Based Fee is of pre-incentive fee net investment income with a hurdle rate. The Capital Gains Fee is . Pre-incentive fee net investment income means dividends (including reinvested dividends), interest and fee income accrued by the Company during the calendar quarter, minus operating expenses for the quarter (including the management fee, expenses payable under the administration agreement, and any interest expense and dividends paid on any issued and outstanding preferred stock, but excluding the incentive fee). Pre-incentive fee net investment income includes, in the case of investments with a deferred interest feature (such as original issue discount, debt instruments with payment-in-kind( PIK interest and zero coupon securities), accrued income that the Company may not have received in cash. The Adviser is not obligated to return the incentive fee it receives on PIK interest that is later determined to be uncollectible in cash. Pre-incentive fee net investment income does not include any realized capital gains, realized capital losses or unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation. To determine the income incentive fee, pre-incentive fee net investment income is expressed as a rate of return on the value of our net assets at the end of the immediately preceding calendar quarter. Because of the structure of the incentive fee, it is possible that the Company may pay an incentive fee in a calendar quarter in which the Company incurs a loss. For example, if the Company receives pre-incentive fee net investment income in excess of the quarterly hurdle rate, the Company will pay the applicable incentive fee even if the Company has incurred a loss in that calendar quarter due to realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation. In addition, because the quarterly hurdle rate is calculated based on our net assets, decreases in the Company s net assets due to realized capital losses or unrealized capital depreciation in any given calendar quarter may increase the likelihood that the hurdle rate is reached and therefore the likelihood of the Company paying an incentive fee for the subsequent quarter. The Company s net investment income used to calculate this component of the incentive fee is also included in the amount of the Company s gross assets used to calculate the management fee because gross assets are total assets (including cash received) before deducting liabilities (such as declared dividend payments). The second component of the incentive fee, the capital gains incentive fee, payable at the end of each calendar year in arrears, equals of cumulative realized capital gains through the end of such calendar year commencing with the calendar year ending December 31, 2019, computed net of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation on a cumulative basis, in each case calculated from the Effective Date, less the aggregate amount of any previously paid capital gains incentive fee for prior periods. The Company will accrue, but will not pay, a capital gains incentive fee with respect to unrealized appreciation because a capital gains incentive fee would be owed to the Adviser if the Company were to sell the relevant investment and realize a capital gain. In no event will the capital gains incentive fee payable pursuant to the Investment Advisory Agreement be in excess of the amount permitted by the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the Advisers Act including Section 205 thereof. The fees that are payable under the Investment Advisory Agreement for any partial period will be appropriately prorated. Limitations of Liability and Indemnification Under the Advisory Agreement, the Adviser, its officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons, members and any other person or entity affiliated with the Adviser, including without limitation its managing member, will not be liable to the Company for acts or omissions performed in accordance with and pursuant to the Advisory Agreement, except those resulting from acts constituting criminal conduct, gross negligence, willful misfeasance, bad faith or reckless disregard of the duties that the Adviser owes to the Company under the Advisory Agreement. In addition, as part of the Advisory Agreement, the Company has agreed to indemnify the Adviser and each of its officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons, members and any other person or entity affiliated with the Adviser, including without limitation its general partner, and the Administrator from and against any damages, liabilities, costs and expenses, including reasonable legal fees and other expenses reasonably incurred, in or by reason of any pending, threatened or completed action, suit, investigation or other proceeding (including an action or suit by or in the right of the Company or its security holders) arising out of or otherwise based upon the performance of any of the Adviser s duties or obligations under the Advisory Agreement or otherwise as an investment adviser of the Company, except where attributable to criminal conduct, gross negligence, willful misfeasance, bad faith or reckless disregard of such person s duties under the Advisory Agreement. Board Approval of the Advisory Agreement On December 12, 2018, the then-current Board of the Company held an in-person meeting to consider and approve the Advisory Agreement and related matters, and on April 1, 2019 the Company entered into the Advisory Agreement with the Adviser. The Board most recently determined to re-approve the Advisory Agreement at a meeting held on March 6, 2023. In reaching a decision to re-approve the Advisory Agreement, the Board was provided the information required to consider the Advisory Agreement, including: (a) the nature, quality and extent of the advisory and other services to be provided to the Company by the Adviser; (b) comparative data with respect to advisory fees or similar expenses paid by other BDCs with similar investment objectives; (c) the Company projected operating expenses and expense ratio compared to BDCs with similar investment objectives; (d) any existing and potential sources of indirect income to the Adviser from its relationship with the Company and the profitability of that relationship; (e) information about the services to be performed and the personnel performing such services under the Advisory Agreement; and (f) the organizational capability and financial condition of the Adviser and its affiliates. The Board, including a majority of independent directors, will oversee and monitor the Company s investment performance and annual reviews the compensation we pay to the Adviser. The Company incurred base management fees of million for the year ended December 31, 2022 , million for the year ended December 31, 2021 , and million for the year ended December 31, 2020. The Company incurred incentive fees of million for the year ended December 31, 2022 , million for the year ended December 31, 2021 , and million for the year ended December 31, 2020 , of which approximately thousand were waived. Administration Agreement Under the terms of the administration agreement (the Administration Agreement between the Company and BC Partners Management LLC (the Administrator ), the Administrator will perform, or oversee the performance of, required administrative services, which includes providing office space, equipment and office services, maintaining financial records, preparing reports to stockholders and reports filed with the SEC, and managing the payment of expenses and the performance of administrative and professional services rendered by others. The Company will reimburse the Administrator for services performed for us pursuant to the terms of the Administration Agreement. In addition, pursuant to the terms of the Administration Agreement, the Administrator may delegate its obligations under the Administration Agreement to an affiliate or to a third party and the Company will reimburse the Administrator for any services performed for it by such affiliate or third party. Payments under the Administration Agreement are equal to an amount that reimburses the Administrator for its costs and expenses in performing its obligations and providing personnel and facilities (including rent, office equipment and utilities) for the Company s use under the Administration Agreement, including an allocable portion of the compensation paid to the Company s chief compliance officer and chief financial officer and their respective staff who provide services to the Company. The Board, including the independent directors, will review the general nature of the services provided by the Administrator as well as the related cost to the Company for those services and consider whether the cost is reasonable in light of the services provided. Unless earlier terminated as described below, the Administration Agreement will remain in effect from year-to-year if approved annually by a majority of the Board or by the holders of a Majority of the Outstanding Shares, and, in each case, a majority of the independent directors. On April 1, 2019, the Board approved the Administration Agreement with the Administrator and the Board most recently determined to re-approve the Administration Agreement at a meeting held on March 6, 2023. The Company incurred million of Administrative services expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 , million for the year ended ending December 31, 2021 , and million for the year ended December 31, 2020. Payment of Expenses under the Advisory and Administration Agreements Except as specifically provided below, all investment professionals and staffs of the Adviser, when and to the extent engaged in providing investment advisory and management services to the Company, and the compensation and routine overhead expenses (including rent, office equipment and utilities), of such personnel allocable to such services, is provided and paid for by the Adviser. The Company bears an allocable portion of the compensation paid by the Adviser (or its affiliates) to the Company s chief compliance officer and chief financial officer and their respective staffs (based on a percentage of time such individuals devote, on an estimated basis, to our business affairs). The Company also bears all other costs and expenses of our operations, administration and transactions, including, but not limited to (i) investment advisory fees, including management fees and incentive fees, to the Adviser, pursuant to the Advisory Agreement; (ii) an allocable portion of overhead and other expenses incurred by the Adviser (or its affiliates) in performing its administrative obligations under the Advisory Agreement, and (iii) all other expenses of our operations and transactions including, without limitation, those relating to: the cost of calculating the Company s net asset value, including the cost of any third-party valuation services; 

 the cost of effecting any sales and repurchases of the Company s common stock and other securities; 

 fees and expenses payable under any dealer manager or placement agent agreements, if any; 

 administration fees payable under the Administration Agreement and any sub-administration agreements, including related expenses; 

 debt service and other costs of borrowings or other financing arrangements; 

 costs of hedging; 

 expenses, including travel expense, incurred by the Adviser, or members of the investment team, or payable to third parties, performing due diligence on prospective portfolio companies and, if necessary, enforcing our rights; 

 transfer agent and custodial fees; 

 fees and expenses associated with marketing efforts; 

 federal and state registration fees, any stock exchange listing fees and fees payable to rating agencies; 

 federal, state and local taxes; 

 independent directors fees and expenses including certain travel expenses; 

 costs of preparing financial statements and maintaining books and records and filing reports or other documents with the SEC (or other regulatory bodies) and other reporting and compliance costs, including registration and listing fees, and the compensation of professionals responsible for the preparation of the foregoing; 

 the costs of any reports, proxy statements or other notices to stockholders (including printing and mailing costs), the costs of any stockholder or director meetings and the compensation of personnel responsible for the preparation of the foregoing and related matters; 

 commissions and other compensation payable to brokers or dealers; 

 research and market data; 

 fidelity bond, directors and officers errors and omissions liability insurance and other insurance premiums; 

 direct costs and expenses of administration, including printing, mailing, long distance telephone and staff; 

 fees and expenses associated with independent audits, outside legal and consulting costs; 

 costs of winding up our affairs; 

 costs incurred by either the Administrator or us in connection with administering our business, including payments under the Administration Agreement; 

 extraordinary expenses (such as litigation or indemnification); 

 costs associated with reporting and compliance obligations under the 1940 Act and applicable federal and state securities laws; and 

 costs associated with the Company s legacy lease; 

 Co-investment Exemptive Relief As a BDC, the Company is subject to certain regulatory restrictions in making its investments. For example, BDCs generally are not permitted to co-invest with certain affiliated entities in transactions originated by the BDC or its affiliates in the absence of an exemptive order from the SEC. However, BDCs are permitted to, and may, simultaneously co-invest in transactions where price is the only negotiated term. On October 23, 2018, the SEC issued an order granting an application for exemptive relief to an affiliate of the Adviser that allows BDCs managed by the Adviser, including the Company, to co-invest, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, in certain private placement transactions, with other funds managed by the Advisers or its affiliates, including BCP Special Opportunities Fund I LP, BC Partners Lending Corporation, Logan Ridge Finance Corporation and any future funds that are advised by the Adviser or its affiliated investment advisers. Under the terms of the exemptive order, in order for the Company to participate in a co-investment transaction a required majority (as defined in Section 57(o) of the 1940 Act) of the Company s independent directors must conclude that (i) the terms of the proposed transaction, including the consideration to be paid, are reasonable and fair to the Company and its stockholders and do not involve overreaching with respect of the Company or its stockholders on the part of any person concerned, and (ii) the proposed transaction is consistent with the interests of the Company s stockholders and is consistent with the Company s investment objectives and strategies and certain criteria established by the Board. Related Party Trades For both the year ended December 31, 2022 , the Company purchased million in total investments from a fund managed by an affiliate of the Investment Advisor in accordance with, and pursuant to, procedures adopted under Rule 17a-7 of the 1940 Act. There were no transactions subject to Rule 17a-7 under the 1940 Act during the year ended December 31, 2021 . 

 ; 2021 - 

4.875 Notes Due 2026 (net of discount of: 2022 - ; 2021 - ; net of deferred financing costs of: 2022 - ; 2021 - 

Great Lakes Portman Ridge Funding LLC Revolving Credit Facility (net of deferred financing costs of: 2022 - ; 2021 - 

The weighted average stated interest rate and weighted average maturity on all our debt outstanding as December 31, 2022 of were and years, respectively, and as of December 31, 2021 were and years, respectively. Notes Offering On , the Company issued million in aggregate principal amount of unsecured Notes due 2026 (the Notes due 2026 in a private placement exempt from registration under the Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The Notes due 2026 were not registered under the Securities Act or any state securities laws and may not be reoffered or resold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from such registration requirements. The net proceeds to the Company were approximately million, after deducting estimated offering expenses. The Company used the net proceeds of the offering to redeem in full its Notes due 2022, to make investments in portfolio companies in accordance with its investment objectives, and for general corporate purposes. On April 30, 2021, the Company and U.S. Bank National Association (the Trustee entered into a Supplemental Indenture (the Third Supplemental Indenture ), which supplements that certain Base Indenture, dated as of October 10, 2012 (as may be further amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Base Indenture and, together with the Third Supplemental Indenture, the Indenture ). The Third Supplemental Indenture relates to the Company s issuance of the Notes due 2026. The Notes due 2026 will mature on and may be redeemed in whole or in part at the Company s option at any time or from time to time at the redemption prices set forth in the Indenture and bear interest at a rate of per year payable on March 16 and September 16 of each year, commencing on . The 4.875 Notes due 2026 are general unsecured obligations of the Company that rank senior in right of payment to all of the Company s existing and future indebtedness that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the 4.875 Notes due 2026, rank pari passu with all existing and future unsecured unsubordinated indebtedness issued by the Company, rank effectively junior to any of the Company s secured indebtedness (including unsecured indebtedness that the Company later secures) to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness, and rank structurally junior to all existing and future indebtedness (including trade payables) incurred by the Company s subsidiaries, financing vehicles or similar facilities. The Indenture contains certain covenants, including covenants requiring the Company to comply with the asset coverage requirements of Sections 18(a)(1)(A) and 18(a)(1)(B) as modified by Section 61(a)(2) of the 1940 Act, whether or not it is subject to those requirements, and to provide financial information to the holders of the Notes and the Trustee if the Company is no longer subject to the reporting requirements under the Exchange Act. Additionally, the Company has agreed to use its commercially reasonable efforts to maintain a rating of the 4.875 Notes due 2026 from a rating agency, as long as the notes are outstanding. These covenants are subject to important limitations and exceptions that are described in the Indenture. In addition, on the occurrence of a change of control repurchase event, as defined in the Indenture, the Company will generally be required to make an offer to purchase the outstanding notes at a price equal to of the principal amount of such notes plus accrued and unpaid interest to the repurchase date. Sale of Additional 4.875 Notes due 2026 On June 23, 2021, the Company issued million in aggregate principal amount of its Notes due 2026 (the New Notes in a private placement exempt from registration under the Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The New Notes have not been registered under the Securities Act or any state securities laws and may not be reoffered or resold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from such registration requirements. The net proceeds to the Company were approximately million, after deducting estimated offering expenses. The Company intends to use the net proceeds of the offering to redeem in full its HCAP Notes (as defined below), make investments in portfolio companies in accordance with its investment objectives, and for general corporate purposes. The New Notes were issued under the Indenture governing the 4.875 Notes due 2026. The New Notes were issued as Additional Notes under the Indenture and have identical terms to Company s million of aggregate principal amount of 4.875 Notes due 2026 that were issued on April 30, 2021, other than the issue date. The New Notes will be treated as a single class of notes with the Company s existing 4.875 Notes due 2026 for all purposes under the Indenture. In connection with the issuance of the 4.875 Notes Due 2026, (including the New Notes) the Company incurred approximately million of original issue discount, and million of debt offering costs, both of which were being amortized over the expected term of the facility on an effective yield method. Exchange of 4.875 Notes due 2026 On October 5, 2021, the Company filed with the SEC a registration statement relating to an offer to exchange the 4.875 Notes due 2026 for new notes issued by the Company that are registered under the Securities Act (the Exchange Offer ), which registration statement was declared effective on December 2, 2021. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions in the prospectus relating to the Exchange Offer, the Company accepted any existing 4.875 Notes due 2026 (the Restricted Notes validly tendered and not withdrawn prior to January 3, 2022, the expiration date of the Exchange Offer, and issued new 4.875 Notes due 2026 that have been registered under the Securities Act (the Exchange Notes ). The form and terms of the Exchange Notes are substantially identical to those of the Restricted Notes, except that the transfer restrictions and registration rights relating to the Restricted Notes do not apply to the Exchange Notes, and the Exchange Notes do not provide for the payment of additional interest in the event of a registration default. In addition, the Exchange Notes bear a different CUSIP number than the Restricted Notes. The Exchange Notes are issued under and entitled to the benefits of the same indenture that authorized the issuance of the Restricted Notes. On the expiration date of the Exchange Offer, all of the Restricted Notes had been validly tendered, and all of the outstanding Restricted Notes were exchanged for newly issued Exchange Notes. Fair Value of 4.875 Notes Due 2026. The 4.875 Notes Due 2026 were issued during the second quarter of 2021 and are carried at cost, net of unamortized discount of approximately million and unamortized offering costs of approximately thousand as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2021 , the 4.875 Notes Due 2026 were carried net of unamortized discount of approximately million and unamortized offering costs of approximately thousand. The fair value of the Company s outstanding 4.875 Notes Due 2026 was approximately million at December 31, 2022 and million as of December 31,2021. The fair value was determined based on the recent transaction price. The 4.875 Notes Due 2026 were categorized as Level II under the ASC 820 Fair Value. 6.125 Notes Due 2022 During the third quarter of 2017, the Company issued million in aggregate principal amount of unsecured Notes due 2022 (the 6.125 Notes Due 2022). The net proceeds for these Notes, after the payment of underwriting expenses, were approximately million. Interest on the 6.125 Notes Due 2022 is paid in arrears on March 30, June 30, September 30 and December 30, at a rate of . The 6.125 Notes Due 2022 mature on and are unsecured obligations of the Company. The 6.125 Notes Due 2022 are subject to redemption in whole or in part at any time or from time to time, at the option of the Company, on or after September 30, 2019, at a redemption price per security equal to of the outstanding principal amount thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest payments otherwise payable for the then-current quarterly interest period accrued to the date fixed for redemption. The indenture governing the 6.125 Notes Due 2022 contains certain restrictive covenants, including compliance with certain provisions of the 1940 Act related to borrowing and dividends. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , interest expense related to the 6.125 Notes Due 2022 was approximately , million and million, respectively. Redemption of 6.125 Notes due 2022 On , Company notified the trustee for the Company s Notes due 2022 of the Company s election to redeem the million aggregate principal amount of the 6.125 Notes due 2022 outstanding, and instructed the trustee to provide notice of such redemption to the holders of the 6.125 Notes due 2022 in accordance with the terms of the indenture governing the 6.125 Notes due 2022. The redemption was completed on . Following the redemption, none of the 6.125 Notes due 2022 remain outstanding, and they were delisted from the NASDAQ Global Select Market. In connection with the issuance of the 6.125 Notes Due 2022, the Company incurred approximately million of debt offering costs which were being amortized over the expected term of the facility on an effective yield method. In connection with the anticipated refinancing of the 6.125 Notes Due 2022 during the first quarter of 2021, the Company wrote off approximately million of unamortized debt offering costs which are reflected in Realized Losses on Extinguishment of Debt on the Consolidated Statement of Operations. During the year ended December 31, 2020 , the Company repurchased approximately thousand of principal amount of the 6.125 Notes Due 2022 at a cost of approximately thousand, resulting in a realized gain on extinguishment of approximately thousand. The Company subsequently surrendered these notes to the Trustee for cancellation. Assumption of HCAP Notes In connection with the closing of the HCAP Acquisition, on June 9, 2021, the Company entered into the HCAP Third Supplemental Indenture, effective as of the closing of the HCAP Acquisition. The HCAP Third Supplemental Indenture relates to the Company s assumption of million in aggregate principal amount of HCAP Notes. Pursuant to the HCAP Third Supplemental Indenture, the Company expressly assumed the due and punctual payment of the principal of (and premium, if any) and interest, if any, on the HCAP Notes and the performance of HCAP s covenants under the base indenture, dated as of January 27, 2015, by and between HCAP and the Trustee, as supplemented by the second supplemental indenture, dated as of August 24, 2017, by and between HCAP and the Trustee. The HCAP Notes could be redeemed by the Company at any time at par value plus accrued and unpaid interest. No change of control offer was required to be made in respect of the HCAP Notes in connection with the consummation of the HCAP Acquisition. On June 24, 2021, the Company notified the trustee for the Company s HCAP Notes of the Company s election to redeem the million aggregate principal amount of the HCAP Notes outstanding, and instructed the trustee to provide notice of such redemptions to the holders of such notes in accordance with the terms of the indenture governing the HCAP Notes. The Company completed the redemption on July 23, 2021. Following the redemption, none of the HCAP Notes remain outstanding, and they were delisted from the NASDAQ Global Select Market. Revolving Credit Facility On December 18, 2019, Great Lakes Portman Ridge Funding LLC GLPRF LLC ), our wholly-owned subsidiary, entered into a senior secured revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility with JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association JPM ). JPM serves as administrative agent, U.S. Bank National Association serves as collateral agent, securities intermediary and collateral administrator, and we serve as portfolio manager under the Revolving Credit Facility. Advances under the Revolving Credit Facility bear interest at a per annum rate equal to the three-month LIBOR in effect, plus the applicable margin of per annum. GLPRF LLC is required to utilize a minimum of of the commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility, after an initial six-month ramp-up period during which a lesser minimum utilization requirement applies. Unused amounts below such minimum utilization amount accrue interest as if such amounts are outstanding as borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility. In addition, GLPRF LLC will pay a non-usage fee during the first three years after the closing date in an amount not to exceed per annum on the average daily unborrowed portion of the financing commitments in excess of such minimum utilization amount. The initial principal amount of the Revolving Credit Facility is million. The Revolving Credit Facility has an accordion feature, subject to the satisfaction of various conditions, which could bring total commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility to up to million. Proceeds from borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility may be used to fund portfolio investments by GLPRF LLC and to make advances under delayed draw term loans where GLPRF LLC is a lender. All amounts outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility must be repaid by the maturity date of . GLPRF LLC s obligations to the lenders under the Revolving Credit Facility are secured by a first priority security interest in all of GLPRF LLC s portfolio of investments and cash. The obligations of GLPRF LLC under the Revolving Credit Facility are non-recourse to us, and our exposure under the Revolving Credit Facility is limited to the value of our investment in GLPRF LLC. In connection with the Revolving Credit Facility, GLPRF LLC has made certain customary representations and warranties and is required to comply with various covenants, reporting requirements and other customary requirements for similar facilities. The Revolving Credit Facility contains customary events of default for similar financing transactions, including if a change of control of GLPRF LLC occurs or if we are no longer the portfolio manager of GLPRF LLC. On April 29, 2022, GLPRF LLC amended the Revolving Credit Facility with JPM as administrative agent. The amended agreement replaces three-month SOFR as the benchmark interest rate and reduces the applicable margin to per annum from per annum. Other amendments include the extension of the reinvestment period and scheduled termination date to April 29, 2025 and April 29, 2026, respectively. At December 31, 2022, GLPRF LLC was in compliance with all of its debt covenants and million principal amount of borrowings was outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility. The fair value of GLPRF LLC was approximately million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, and categorized as Level III under the ASC 820 Fair Value Hierarchy. million , million, and million, respectively. 2018-2 Secured Notes 

in thousands) 

December 31, 2022 
 Amortized Carrying Value 
 
 Outstanding Principal at Par 
 
 Spread 
 
 Rating (1) 
 
 Stated Maturity (2) 

2018-2 Secured Notes: 

Class A-1R-R Notes 

LIBOR + (3) 

Class A-1T-R Notes 

LIBOR + 

Class A-2-R Notes 

LIBOR + 

Class B-R Notes 

LIBOR + 

(1) 

 (2) 

 (3) 

in thousands) 

December 31, 2021 
 Amortized Carrying Value 
 
 Outstanding Principal at Par 
 
 Spread 
 
 Rating (1) 
 
 Stated Maturity (2) 

2018-2 Secured Notes: 

Class A-1R-R Notes 

LIBOR + (3) 

Class A-1T-R Notes 

LIBOR + 

Class A-2-R Notes 

LIBOR + 

Class B-R Notes 

LIBOR + 

(1) 

 (2) 

(3) 

 October 28, 2020 the Company completed the GARS Acquisition, pursuant to the terms and conditions of the GARS Merger Agreement. In connection therewith, the Company now consolidates the financial statements the 2018-2 CLO a million par value CLO facility. On the date of the transaction the debt assumed was recognized at fair value, resulting in a million discount which is amortized over the remaining term of the borrowings. The CLO was executed by GF 2018-2 (the Issuer and Portman Ridge Funding 2018-2 LLC (formerly known as Garrison Funding 2018-2 LLC, together with the Issuer, the Co-Issuers who issued million of senior secured notes (collectively referred to as the 2018-2 Secured Notes individually defined above in the table) and million of subordinated notes (the 2018-2 Subordinated Notes and, together with the 2018-2 Secured Notes, the 2018-2 Notes backed by a diversified portfolio of primarily senior secured loans. The Company owns all million of the 2018-2 Subordinated Notes and million of the Class B-R Notes and serves as collateral manager for the Co-Issuers. The Company is entitled to receive interest from the Class B-R Notes, distributions from the 2018-2 Subordinated Notes and fees for serving as collateral manager in accordance with the CLO s governing documents and to the extent funds are available for such purposes. However, as a result of retaining all of the 2018-2 Subordinated Notes, the Company consolidates the accounts of the Co-Issuers into its financial statements and all transactions between the Company and the Co-Issuers are eliminated on consolidation. As a result of this consolidation, the 2018-2 Secured Notes issued by the CLO is treated as the Company s indebtedness, except any 2018-2 Secured Notes owned by the Company, which are eliminated in consolidation. The 2018-2 Notes are scheduled to mature on November 20, 2029, however the Co-Issuers may redeem the 2018-2 Notes on any business day after November 20, 2020. The indenture governing the 2018-2 Notes provides that, to the extent cash is available from cash collections, the holders of the 2018-2 Notes are to receive quarterly interest payments on the 20th day or, if not a business day, the next succeeding business day of February, May, August and November of each year until the stated maturity or earlier redemption. On July 18, 2019, million outstanding of the aggregate million Class A-1R-R Notes available under the CLO converted to Class A-1T-R Notes. On November 18, 2022, the Company drew million of the million unfunded Class A-1 R-R Notes. The Reinvestment Period ended on November 20, 2022, and the remaining amount of the unfunded Class A-1 R-R Notes terminated. During the first quarter of 2021, the Company redeemed approximately million of the 2018-2 Secured Notes. In connection therewith, the Company recognized a realized loss on extinguishment of debt of approximately million. The fair value of the 2018-2 Notes approximated their carrying value on the consolidated statements of financial condition as of December 31, 2022 and are categorized as Level III under the ASC 820 Fair Value Hierarchy. Collateralized Loan Obligation Financing Covenants The documents governing the CLO include three overcollateralization tests which are comprised of the Class A Overcollateralization Test, the Class B Overcollateralization Test and the EoD Overcollateralization Test, each of which are individually defined below. The documents governing the CLO include coverage tests applicable to the 2018-2 Secured Notes as of December 31, 2022 . The first test compares the amount of interest received on the collateral loans held by 2018-2 CLO to the amount of interest payable on the 2018-2 Secured Notes in respect of the amounts drawn and certain expenses. To meet this first test, at any time, the aggregate amount of interest received on the collateral loans must equal, after the payment of certain fees and expenses, at least of the aggregate amount of interest payable on the Class A-1R-R Notes, the Class A-1T-R Notes and the Class A-2-R Notes (collectively, the Class A-R Notes and of the interest payable on the Class A-R Notes and Class B-R Notes, taken together. The second test compares the aggregate assets that serve as collateral for the 2018-2 Secured Notes, or the Total Capitalization, as defined and calculated in accordance with the indenture, to the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the 2018-2 Secured Notes in respect of the amounts drawn. To meet this second test at any time, the Total Capitalization must equal at least (1) of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Class A-R Notes Class A Overcollateralization Test ), and (2) of the aggregate principal amount of the Class A-R Notes and Class B-R Notes, taken together (the test in clause (2), the Class B Overcollateralization Test ). If the coverage tests are not satisfied with respect to a quarterly payment date, the CLO may be required to apply amounts to the repayment of interest on and principal of the 2018-2 Notes prior to their maturity to the extent necessary to satisfy the applicable coverage tests. As a result, there may be reduced funds available for 2018-2 CLO to make additional investments or to make distributions on the 2018-2 Notes held by the Company. Additionally, compliance was measured on each day collateral loans are purchased, originated or sold and in connection with monthly reporting to the note holders. Furthermore, if under the second coverage test the Total Capitalization equals or less of the aggregate outstanding principal amount on the Class A-1R-R and Class A-1T-R Notes EoD Overcollateralization Test ), taken together remained so for ten business days, an event of default would be deemed to have occurred. As of December 31, 2022, the trustee for the CLO has asserted that the Class A Overcollateralization Test, Class B Overcollateralization, and the EoD Overcollateralization Test were met. Senior Securities 

- 

N/A 

Fiscal 2012 

- 

N/A 

Fiscal 2013 

- 

N/A 

Fiscal 2014 

- 

N/A 

Fiscal 2015 

- 

N/A 

Fiscal 2016 

- 

N/A 

Fiscal 2017 

- 

N/A 

Fiscal 2018 

- 

N/A 

Fiscal 2019 (5) 

- 

N/A 

Fiscal 2020 (6) 

- 

N/A 

Fiscal 2021 (7) 

- 

N/A 

Fiscal 2022 (8) 

- 

N/A 
 
 (1) 

 (2) of indebtedness. 

 (3) The amount to which such class of senior security would be entitled upon the involuntary liquidation of the issuer in preference to any security junior to it. The indicates information which the SEC expressly does not require to be disclosed for certain types of senior securities. 

 (4) Not applicable, except with respect to the Notes Due 2019 and the Notes Due 2022, as other debt securities are not registered for public trading. For the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016, 2015, 2014, 2013 and for the period from October 17, 2012 (date of issuance) to December 31, 2012, the average market value per of par value of the Notes Due 2019 was , , , , and , respectively. For the years-ended December 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018 and for the period from August 14, 2017 (date of issuance) to December 31, 2017, the average market value per 1,000 of par value of the Notes Due 2022 was , , and , respectively. Average market value is computed by taking the daily average of the closing prices for the period. 

 (5) and Revolving Credit Facilities of . 

 (6) , Revolving Credit Facilities of and 2018-2 Secured Notes of . 

 (7) , Revolving Credit Facilities of and 2018-2 Secured Notes of . 

 (8) , Revolving Credit Facilities of and 2018-2 Secured Notes of . 

excise tax on such income, to the extent required. The Company may distribute taxable dividends that are payable in cash or shares of its common stock at the election of each stockholder. Under certain applicable provisions of the Code and the Treasury regulations, distributions payable in cash or in shares of stock at the election of stockholders are treated as taxable dividends. The Internal Revenue Service has published guidance with respect to publicly offered RICs indicating that this rule will apply even where the total amount of cash that may be distributed is limited to no more than of the total distribution. Under this guidance, if too many stockholders elect to receive their distributions in cash, the cash available for distribution must be allocated among the stockholders electing to receive cash (with the balance of the distribution paid in stock). If the Company decides to make any distributions consistent with this guidance that are payable in part in its stock, taxable stockholders receiving such dividends will be required to include the full amount of the dividend (whether received in cash, shares of the Company s stock, or a combination thereof) as ordinary income (or as long-term capital gain to the extent such distribution is properly reported as a capital gain dividend) to the extent of the Company s current and accumulated earnings and profits for U.S. federal income tax purposes. As a result, a U.S. stockholder may be required to pay tax with respect to such dividends in excess of any cash received. If a U.S. stockholder sells the stock it receives in order to pay this tax, the sales proceeds may be less than the amount included in income with respect to the dividend, depending on the market price of the Company s stock at the time of the sale. Furthermore, with respect to non-U.S. stockholders, the Company may be required to withhold U.S. tax with respect to such dividends, including in respect of all or a portion of such dividend that is payable in stock. In addition, if a significant number of the Company s stockholders determine to sell shares of its stock in order to pay taxes owed on dividends, it may put downward pressure on the trading price of the Company s stock. Book and tax basis differences relating to stockholder dividends and distributions and other permanent book and tax differences are typically reclassified among the Company s capital accounts. In addition, the character of income and gains to be distributed is determined in accordance with income tax regulations that may differ from GAAP; accordingly at calendar years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, 

Total distributable (loss) earnings 

() 

() 

() 

Tax (provision) benefit on realized and unrealized (gains) losses on investments 

- 

Net change in unrealized depreciation (appreciation) from investments 

() 

Net realized losses 

() 

Book/tax differences on CLO equity investments 

() 

Book/tax differences related to mergers and partnership investments 

() 

() 

() 

Other book/tax differences 

Taxable income before deductions for distributions 

Taxable income before deductions for distributions per weighted average basic and diluted shares for the period 1 

(1) to 1 effective August 26, 2021, amounts have been adjusted retroactively to reflect the split. 

Dividends from Asset Manager Affiliates are recorded based upon a quarterly estimate of tax-basis earnings and profits of each Asset Manager Affiliate. Distributions in excess of the estimated tax-basis quarterly earnings and profits of each distributing Asset Manager Affiliate are recognized as tax-basis return of capital. The actual tax-basis earnings and profits and resulting dividend and/or return of capital for the year will be determined at the end of the tax year for each distributing Asset Manager Affiliate. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Asset Manager Affiliates did not make any cash distributions to the Company. 

Return of Capital 

Total 

() 

() 

Other temporary differences 

- 

() 

() 

Net unrealized depreciation 

() 

At December 31, 2022, the Company had a net capital loss carryforward of million to offset net capital gains. This net capital loss carryforward is not subject to expiration. A portion of the Company s capital loss carryovers are subject to an annual use limitation under the Code and related regulations. The Company has certain taxable subsidiaries which have elected to be taxed as corporations for U.S. tax purposes. For the Company's tax year ended December 31, 2022, the taxable subsidiaries activity resulted in a provision for income taxes of million . The taxable subsidiaries have, in aggregate, deferred tax assets and million of deferred tax liabilities. A portion of the taxable subsidiaries net operating loss and capital loss carryovers are subject to an annual use limitation under the Code and related regulations. ASC Topic 740 Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes ASC 740 provides guidance for how uncertain tax positions should be recognized, measured, presented, and disclosed in the consolidated financial statements. ASC 740 requires the evaluation of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in the course of preparing the Company s tax returns to determine whether the tax positions are more-likely-than-not of being sustained by the applicable tax authority. The Company recognizes the tax benefits of uncertain tax positions only where the position is more likely than not to be sustained assuming examination by tax authorities. Management has analyzed the Company s tax positions and has concluded that no liability for unrecognized tax benefits should be recorded related to uncertain tax positions taken on returns filed for open tax years (the last three fiscal years) or expected to be taken in the Company s current year tax return. The Company identifies its major tax jurisdictions as U.S. Federal and New York State, and the Company is not aware of any tax positions for which it is reasonably possible that the total amounts of unrecognized tax benefits will change materially in the next 12 months. Management s determinations regarding ASC 740 may be subject to review and adjustment at a later date based upon factors including, but not limited to, an ongoing analysis of tax laws, regulations and interpretations thereof. 

million and million unfunded commitments, respectively. The Company has made an aggregate commitment to the Great Lakes II Joint Venture of million, subject to certain limitations (including that the Company is not obligated to fund capital calls if such funding would cause the Company to be out of compliance with certain provisions of the 1940 Act). As of December 31, 2022, the Company has a million unfunded commitment to the Great Lakes II Joint Venture. As of December 31, 2021 , the Company had a million unfunded commitment to the Prior Great Lakes Joint Venture. The Company is involved in litigation in the normal course of its operations and does not expect that the outcome of those litigations to have a material adverse impact to the Company s financial position or results of operations. 

Accordion Partners LLC 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 

Accordion Partners LLC 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 

Analogic Corporation 
 
 Revolver 

Anthem Sports Entertainment Inc. 
 
 Revolver 

Beta Plus Technologies, Inc. 
 
 Revolver 

Bradshaw International Parent Corp. 
 
 Revolver 

Bristol Hospice 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 

Centric Brands Inc. 
 
 Revolver 

Centric Brands Inc. 
 
 Revolver 

Critical Nurse Staffing, LLC 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 

Critical Nurse Staffing, LLC 
 
 Revolver 

Dentive, LLC 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan - First Lien 

Dentive, LLC 
 
 Revolver 

GreenPark Infrastructure, LLC 
 
 Preferred Equity 

H.W. Lochner, Inc. 
 
 Revolver 

Keg Logistics LLC 
 
 Revolver 

Luminii LLC 
 
 Revolver 

Marble Point Credit Management LLC 
 
 Revolver 

Maxor National Pharmacy Services, LLC 
 
 Revolver 

Naviga Inc. 
 
 Revolver 

Netwrix Corporation 
 
 Revolver 

Netwrix Corporation 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan - First Lien 

Premier Imaging, LLC 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 

Series A-Great Lakes Funding II LLC 
 
 Joint Ventures 

TA/WEG Holdings, LLC 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 

TA/WEG Holdings, LLC 
 
 Revolver 

TLE Holdings, LLC 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 

Total Unfunded Portfolio Company Commitments 

in thousands) 

Par Value 

Portfolio Company 
 
 Investment 
 
 December 31, 2021 

Accordion Partners LLC 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 

Accordion Partners LLC 
 
 Revolver 

AMCP Pet Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 

AMCP Pet Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Revolving Loan 

Analogic Corporation 
 
 Revolver 

Anthem Sports Entertainment Inc. 
 
 Revolver 

Appfire Technologies, LLC 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 

BCP Great Lakes Holdings LP 
 
 Joint Venture 

Bradshaw International Parent Corp. 
 
 Revolver 

Bristol Hospice 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 

Centric Brands Inc. 
 
 Revolver 

Critical Nurse Staffing, LLC 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 

Critical Nurse Staffing, LLC 
 
 Revolver 

Datalink, LLC 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan (First Lien) 

Global Integrated Flooring Systems Inc. 
 
 Revolver 

Grupo HIMA San Pablo, Inc. 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 

H.W. Lochner, Inc. 
 
 Revolver 

Keg Logistics LLC 
 
 Revolver 

Luminii LLC 
 
 Revolver 

Marble Point Credit Management LLC 
 
 Revolver 

Maxor National Pharmacy Services, LLC 
 
 Revolver 

Naviga Inc. 
 
 Revolver 

Premier Imaging, LLC 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 

Ritedose Holdings I, INC 
 
 Revolver 

TA/WEG Holdings, LLC 
 
 Revolver 

TA/WEG Holdings, LLC 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 

TLE Holdings, LLC 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 

Total Unfunded Portfolio Company Commitments 

F- 47 

million stock repurchase program (the Stock Repurchase Program for an approximately period effective March 11, 2021 and terminating on . Under this repurchase program, shares may be repurchased from time to time in open market transactions, in privately negotiated transactions or otherwise subject to any agreement to which we are party including any restrictions in the indenture for our Notes Due 2026. The timing and actual number of shares repurchased will depend on a variety of factors, including legal requirements, price, and economic and market conditions. This Stock Repurchase Program may be suspended or discontinued at any time. On March 8, 2022, the Board of Directors of the Company authorized a renewed stock repurchase program of up to million (the Renewed Stock Repurchase Program for an approximately period, effective March 8, 2022 and terminating on . The terms and conditions of the Renewed Stock Repurchase Program are substantially similar to the prior Stock Repurchase Program. The Renewed Stock Repurchase Program may be suspended or discontinued at any time. Subject to these restrictions, we will selectively pursue opportunities to repurchase shares which are accretive to net asset value per share. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company issued , and shares, respectively, of common stock under its dividend reinvestment plan. The total number of shares of the Company s common stock outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was and respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased shares, under the Renewed Stock Repurchase Program in open market transactions at an aggregate cost of approximately million . During the year ended December 31, 2021 , the Company repurchased shares, under the Stock Repurchase Program in open market transactions at an aggregate cost of approximately million. 

 F- 48 

and (ii) approximately shares of common stock, par value per share, of the Company (plus any applicable cash in lieu of fractional shares). Each share of GARS Common Stock issued and outstanding received, as additional consideration funded by the Adviser, an amount in cash, without interest, equal to approximately . Shares of common stock issued and market price have not been adjusted to reflect the Reverse Stock Split. The merger was accounted for in accordance with the asset acquisition method of accounting as detailed in ASC Topic 805-50. The fair value of the consideration paid, and transaction costs incurred to complete the merger by the Company, including million of cash payment (deemed capital contribution) paid at closing directly to shareholders of GARS from the Adviser, was allocated to the GARS investments acquired, based on their relative fair values as of the date of acquisition. The fair value of the purchase consideration paid by the Company below the fair value of net assets acquired is considered the purchase discount. Immediately following the acquisition of GARS, the Company recorded GARS net assets at their respective fair values and, as a result, the purchase discount was allocated to the cost basis of the GARS investments acquired and was immediately recognized as unrealized gain on the Company's Consolidated Statement of Operations. The purchase discount was allocated to the acquired investments on a relative fair value basis and, for performing debt investments, will amortize over the life of the investments through interest income with a corresponding reversal of the unrealized appreciation on the GARS investments acquired through their maturity. Upon the sale of any of the GARS acquired investments, the Company will recognize a realized gain or a reduction in realized losses with a corresponding reversal of the unrealized losses. 

Cash consideration to GARS shareholders 

Transaction costs (excluding offering costs 

Total purchase consideration 

Assets acquired: 

Investments, at fair value (amortized cost of 

Cash 

Interest receivable 

Other assets 

Total assets acquired 

Liabilities assumed: 

Debt 

Other liabilities 

Total liabilities assumed 

Net assets acquired 

Total purchase discount 

() 

as of October 28, 2020 and the shares of common stock issued by the Company in conjunction with the merger. 

HCAP Acquisition and Assumption and Redemption of HCAP Notes On June 9, 2021 the Company completed the HCAP Acquisition, pursuant to the terms and conditions of the HCAP Merger Agreement. To effect the acquisition, the Acquisition Sub merged with and into HCAP, with HCAP surviving the merger as the Company s wholly owned subsidiary. Immediately thereafter and as a single integrated transaction, HCAP consummated a second merger, whereby HCAP merged with and into the Company, with the Company surviving the merger. As a result of, and as of the effective time of, the second merger, HCAP s separate corporate existence ceased. Under the terms of the HCAP Merger Agreement, HCAP stockholders as of immediately prior to the effective time of the first merger (other than shares held by a subsidiary of HCAP or held, directly or indirectly, by the Company or Acquisition Sub, and all treasury shares (collectively, Cancelled Shares )) received a combination of (i) in cash payable by Company, (ii) validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable shares of the Company s common stock, par value per share, and (iii) an additional cash payment from the Adviser of million in the aggregate. Shares of common stock issued and market price have not been adjusted to reflect the Reverse Stock Split. With respect to the merger consideration from the Company, HCAP stockholders as of immediately prior to the effective time of the first merger (other than Cancelled Shares) were entitled, with respect to all or any portion of the shares of HCAP common stock they held as of the effective time of the first merger, to elect to receive the merger consideration in the form of cash (an Election or in the form of the Company's common stock, subject to certain conditions and limitations in the merger agreement. Any HCAP stockholder who did not validly make an Election was deemed to have elected to receive shares of the Company s common stock with respect to the merger consideration as payment for their shares of HCAP common stock. Each share of HCAP common stock (other than Cancelled Shares) with respect to which an Election was made was treated as an Electing Share and each share of HCAP Common Stock (other than Cancelled Shares) with respect to which an Election was not made or that was transferred after the election deadline on June 2, 2021 was treated as a Non-Electing Share. Pursuant to the conditions of and adjustment mechanisms in the HCAP Merger Agreement, Electing Shares were converted to Non-Electing Shares for purposes of calculating the total mix of consideration to be paid to each Electing Share in order to ensure that the value of the aggregate cash consideration paid to holders of the Electing Shares equaled the aggregate cash consideration that HCAP received from the Company under the terms of the HCAP Merger Agreement. Accordingly, as a result of the Elections received from HCAP stockholders and any resulting adjustment under the terms of the HCAP Merger Agreement, each Electing Share received, in aggregate, approximately in cash and shares of the Company's common stock, while each Non-Electing Share received, in aggregate, approximately shares of the Company's common stock. The HCAP Acquisition was accounted for in accordance with the asset acquisition method of accounting as detailed in ASC Topic 805-50. The fair value of the consideration paid, and transaction costs incurred to complete the merger by the Company, including million of cash payment (deemed capital contribution) paid at closing directly to shareholders of HCAP from the Adviser, was allocated to the HCAP investments acquired, based on their relative fair values as of the date of acquisition. The fair value of the purchase consideration paid by the Company below the fair value of net assets acquired is considered the purchase discount. Immediately following the acquisition of HCAP, the Company recorded HCAP net assets at their respective fair values and, as a result, the purchase discount was allocated to the cost basis of the HCAP investments acquired and was immediately recognized as unrealized gain on the Company's Consolidated Statement of Operations. The purchase discount was allocated to the acquired investments on a relative fair value basis and, for performing debt investments, will amortize over the life of the investments through interest income with a corresponding reversal of the unrealized appreciation on the HCAP investments acquired through their maturity. Upon the sale of any of the HCAP acquired investments, the Company will recognize a realized gain or a reduction in realized losses with a corresponding reversal of the unrealized losses. 

Cash consideration to HCAP shareholders (2) 

Transaction costs (excluding offering costs 

Total purchase consideration 

Assets acquired: 

Investments, at fair value (amortized cost of 

Cash 

Interest receivable 

Other assets 

Total assets acquired 

Liabilities assumed: 

Debt 

Other liabilities 

Total liabilities assumed 

Net assets acquired 

Total purchase discount 

() 
 
 (1) as of June 9, 2021 and the shares of common stock issued by the Company in conjunction with the merger. 

 (2) million cash consideration paid by the Company plus million cash payment paid at closing directly to shareholders of HCAP from the Adviser. 

On June 9, 2021, the Company entered into the HCAP Third Supplemental Indenture, effective as of the closing of the HCAP Acquisition. The HCAP Third Supplemental Indenture relates to the Company s assumption of million in aggregate principal amount of the HCAP Notes. Pursuant to the HCAP Third Supplemental Indenture, the Company expressly assumed the due and punctual payment of the principal of (and premium, if any) and interest, if any, on the HCAP Notes and the performance of HCAP s covenants under the base indenture, dated as of January 27, 2015, by and between HCAP and the Trustee, as supplemented by the second supplemental indenture, dated as of August 24, 2017, by and between HCAP and the Trustee. No change of control offer was required to be made in respect of the HCAP Notes in connection with the consummation of the HCAP Acquisition. The HCAP Notes could be redeemed by the Company at any time at par value plus accrued and unpaid interest. On July 23, 2021, the Company redeemed the entire notional amount of million of the HCAP Notes. 

Net investment income 

Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 

() 

() 

() 

Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations per share basic and diluted 

() 

() 

() 

Net investment income per share basic and diluted 

Q1 

Q2 

Q3 

Q4 

2021 

2021 

2021 

2021 

Total interest and related portfolio income 

Net investment income 

Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 

() 

Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations per share basic and diluted 

() 

Net investment income per share basic and diluted 

, our Board declared a cash distribution of per share of common stock The distribution is payable on to stockholders of record at the close of business as of March 20, 2023. On March 6, 2023, the Board re-approved the Advisory Agreement and the Administration Agreement. The Company has evaluated events and transactions occurring subsequent to December 31, 2022 . Other than as described above, management has determined that there are no other material subsequent events that would require adjustment to, or disclosure in, these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 50 

EXHIBIT INDEX 
 The following exhibits are filed as part of this report or hereby incorporated by reference to exhibits previously filed with the SEC: 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Form of Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit A of the Pre-Effective Amendment No. 1 on Form N-2 filed on October 6, 2006). 

3.1.1 
 
 Certificate of Amendment (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 2, 2019). 

3.1.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of Portman Ridge Finance Corporation (the Reverse Stock Split Certificate of Amendment) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on August 26, 2021). 

3.1.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of Portman Ridge Finance Corporation (the Decrease Shares Certificate of Amendment) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on August 26, 2021). 

3.2 
 
 Third Amended and Restated Bylaws of Portman Ridge Finance Corporation, dated as of July 20, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 21, 2021). 

4.1 
 
 Specimen certificate of the Company s common stock, par value 0.01 per share (incorporated by reference to Exhibit D.1 of the Pre-Effective Amendment No. 1 on Form N-2 filed on October 6, 2006). 

4.2 
 
 Form of Dividend Reinvestment Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit E of the Pre-Effective Amendment No. 2 of the Registration Statement on Form N-2 filed on November 20, 2006). 

4.3 
 
 Form of Base Indenture between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit D.3 of the Registration Statement in Form N-2 filed on October 3, 2012). 

4.4 
 
 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 30, 2021, relating to the 4.875 Notes due 2026, by and between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 3, 2021). 

4.5 
 
 Form of 4.875 Notes due 2026 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 3, 2021). 

4.6 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of June 23, 2021, by and among the Company and the Purchasers (as defined therein) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on June 24, 2021). 

4.7 
 
 Description of Portman Ridge Finance Corporation's Registered Securities. 

10.1 
 
 Investment Advisory Agreement, dated April 1, 2019, by and between the Company and Sierra Crest Investment Management LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 2, 2019). 

10.2 
 
 Incentive Fee Letter Agreement, dated April 1, 2019, by and between the Company and BC Partners Management LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 2, 2019). 

10.3 
 
 Administration Agreement, dated April 1, 2019, by and between the Company and BC Partners Management LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 2, 2019). 

10.4 
 
 Loan and Security Agreement dated as of December 18, 2019 among Great Lakes Portman Ridge Funding LLC, The Lenders Party Hereto, The Collateral Administrator, Collateral Agent ad Securities Intermediary Party Hereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent and Portman Ridge Finance Corporation, as Portfolio Manager (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 23, 2019). 

E- 1 

10.5 
 
 First Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement dated as of April 29, 2022 among Great Lakes Portman Ridge Funding LLC, the Lenders Party thereto, the Collateral Administrator, Collateral Agent, and Securities Intermediary Party thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent and Portman Ridge Finance Corporation, as Portfolio Manager (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 5, 2022). 

11.1 
 
 Computation of Per Share Earnings (included in the notes to the audited financial statements contained in this report). 

14.1 
 
 Code of Ethics (incorporated by reference to Exhibit (r) of Pre-Effective Amendment No. 1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on February 4, 2022). 

21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries. 

23.1 
 
 Consent of KPMG LLP 

23.2 
 
 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP 

31.1 
 
 Chief Executive Officer Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Chief Financial Officer Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Securities Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Chief Executive Officer Certification pursuant to Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Chief Financial Officer Certification pursuant to Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed herewith. 

E- 2 

SIGNAT URES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

PORTMAN RIDGE FINANCE CORPORATION 

Date: 
 
 March 9, 2023 
 
 By 
 
 /s/ EDWARD GOLDTHORPE 

EDWARD GOLDTHORPE 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ EDWARD GOLDTHORPE 
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) and Member of the Board of Directors 
 
 March 9, 2023 

EDWARD GOLDTHORPE 

/s/ JASON ROOS 
 
 Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer (principal financial and accounting officer) 
 
 March 9, 2023 

JASON ROOS 

/s/ GEORGE GRUNEBAUM 
 
 Member of the Board of Directors 
 
 March 9, 2023 

GEORGE GRUNEBAUM 

/s/ ROBERT WARSHAUER 
 
 Member of the Board of Directors 
 
 March 9, 2023 

ROBERT WARSHAUER 

/s/ ALEXANDER DUKA 
 
 Member of the Board of Directors 
 
 March 9, 2023 

ALEXANDER DUKA 

/s/ CHRISTOPHER LACOVARA 
 
 Member of the Board of Directors 
 
 March 9, 2023 

CHRISTOPHER LACOVARA 

/s/ DEAN C. KEHLER 
 
 Member of the Board of Directors 
 
 March 9, 2023 

DEAN C. KEHLER 

/s/ MATTHEW WESTWOOD 
 
 Member of the Board of Directors 
 
 March 9, 2023 

MATTHEW WESTWOOD 

/s/ JOSEPH MOREA 
 
 Member of the Board of Directors 
 
 March 9, 2023 

JOSEPH MOREA 

/s/ JENNIFER CHOU 
 
 Member of the Board of Directors 
 
 March 9, 2023 

JENNIFER CHOU 

/s/ TRICIA HAZELWOOD 
 
 Member of the Board of Directors 
 
 March 9, 2023 

TRICIA HAZELWOOD 

<EX-4>
 2
 ptmn-ex4_7.htm
 EX-4.7

EX-4 

Exhibit 4.7 
 Description of Portman Ridge Finance Corporation s Registered Securities 
 References herein to we, us, our and Company refer to Portman Ridge Finance Corporation and not to any of its subsidiaries. 
 COMMON STOCK 
 The following description of our common stock is a summary and does not purport to be complete. It is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to our Certificate of Incorporation, as amended (the certificate of incorporation ), and our Third Amended and Restated Bylaws, as amended (the Bylaws ), each of which is incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit is a part. We encourage you to read the Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws and the applicable provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL for additional information. 
 Authorized Capital Stock 
 Our authorized capital stock consists of 20,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.01 per share, and 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.01 per share. 
 Voting 
 Each share of our common stock is entitled to one vote on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders, including the election of directors. The holders of common stock possess exclusive voting power except (i) as provided with respect to any other class or series of capital stock or (ii) as may be required by the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the 1940 Act if we fail to meet certain asset coverage requirements. There is no cumulative voting in the election of directors, or any other matter, which means that holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock are able elect all of our directors, and holders of less than a majority of such shares are unable to elect any director. 
 Dividends 
 Under the terms of our certificate of incorporation, all shares of our common stock have equal rights as to earnings, assets and dividends. The DGCL permits a corporation to declare and pay dividends out of surplus or, if there is no surplus, out of its net profits for the fiscal year in which the dividend is declared and/or the preceding fiscal year. Surplus is defined as the excess of the net assets of the corporation over the amount determined to be the capital of the corporation by its board of directors. The capital of the corporation is typically calculated to be (and cannot be less than) the aggregate par value of all issued shares of capital stock. Net assets equals the fair value of the total assets minus total liabilities. The DGCL also provides that dividends may not be paid out of net profits if, after the payment of the dividend, remaining capital would be less than the capital represented by the outstanding stock of all classes having a preference upon the distribution of assets. Declaration and payment of any dividend is subject to the discretion of our board of directors Board of Directors ). 
 Shares of our common stock have no preemptive, exchange, conversion or redemption rights and are freely transferable, except where their transfer is restricted by U.S. federal and state securities laws or by contract. 
 Liquidation Rights 
 In the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, each share of our common stock would be entitled to share ratably in all of our assets that are legally available for distribution after we pay all debts and other liabilities and subject to any preferential rights of holders of any series preferred stock that might be outstanding at that time. 
 Dissenters Rights of Appraisal and Payment 
 Under the DGCL, with certain exceptions, our stockholders will have appraisal rights in connection with a merger or consolidation of our Company. Pursuant to the DGCL, stockholders who properly request and perfect appraisal rights in connection with such merger or consolidation will have the right to receive payment of the fair value of their shares as determined by the Delaware Court of Chancery. 
 Stockholders Derivative Actions 
 Under the DGCL, any of our stockholders may bring an action in our name to procure a judgment in our favor, also known as a derivative action, provided that the stockholder bringing the action is a holder of our shares at the time of the transaction to which the action relates or such stockholder s stock thereafter devolved by operation of law. 
 Limitation on Liability of Directors and Officers; Indemnification 
 Under our certificate of incorporation, we will fully indemnify any person who was or is involved in any actual or threatened action, suit or proceeding (whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative) by reason of the fact that such person is or was one of our directors or officers or is or was serving at our request as a director or officer of another corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, including service with respect to an employee benefit plan, against all expense, liability and loss (including attorneys fees and related disbursements), judgments, fines, excise taxes or penalties under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, penalties and amounts paid or to be paid in settlement, actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection with such action, suit or proceeding, except with respect to any matter as to which such person shall have been finally adjudicated in a decision on the merits in any such action, suit or other proceeding not to have acted in good faith in the reasonable belief that such person s action was in our best interests or to be liable to us or our stockholders by reason of willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard of the duties involved in the conduct of such 

person s office. Our certificate of incorporation also provides that our directors will not be personally liable for monetary damages to us for breaches of their fiduciary duty as directors, except for a breach of their duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders, for acts or omissions not in good faith in the reasonable belief that the action was in the best interests of the Company or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, for authorization of illegal dividends or redemptions or for any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit. So long as we are regulated under the 1940 Act, the above indemnification and limitation of liability will be limited by the 1940 Act or by any valid rule, regulation or order of the SEC thereunder. The 1940 Act provides, among other things, that a company may not indemnify any director or officer against liability to it or its stockholders to which he or she might otherwise be subject by reason of his or her willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard of the duties involved in the conduct of his or her office. 
 Delaware law also provides that indemnification permitted under the law shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which the directors and officers may be entitled under the corporation s bylaws, any agreement, a vote of stockholders or otherwise. 
 Our certificate of incorporation permits us to secure insurance on behalf of any person who is or was or has agreed to become a director or officer of our Company or is or was serving at our request as a director or officer of another enterprise for any liability arising out of his or her actions, regardless of whether the DGCL would permit indemnification. We have obtained liability insurance for our officers and directors. 
 Delaware Law and Certain Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaw Provisions; Anti-Takeover Measures 
 We are subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL. In general, the statute prohibits a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination with interested stockholders for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which the person became an interested stockholder, unless the business combination is approved in a prescribed manner. A business combination includes certain mergers, asset sales and other transactions resulting in a financial benefit to the interested stockholder. Subject to exceptions, an interested stockholder is a person who, together with his, her or its affiliates and associates, owns, or within three years did own, 15 or more of the corporation s voting stock. Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws provide that: 
 	the Board of Directors is divided into three classes, as nearly equal in size as possible, with staggered three-year terms; 
 	directors may be removed only for cause, at a meeting called for that purpose, by the affirmative vote of the holders of 75 of the shares of our capital stock entitled to vote; and 
 	subject to the requirements of the 1940 Act, any vacancy on the Board of Directors, however the vacancy occurs, including a vacancy due to an enlargement of the Board of Directors, may only be filled by vote of the directors then in office. 
 The classification of our Board of Directors and the limitations on removal of directors and filling of vacancies could have the effect of making it more difficult for a third party to acquire us, or of discouraging a third party from acquiring us. 
 Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws also provide that: 
 	any action required or permitted to be taken by the stockholders at an annual meeting or special meeting of stockholders may only be taken if it is properly brought before such meeting and may not be taken by written action in lieu of a meeting; and 
 	special meetings of the stockholders may only be called by our Board of Directors, chairman or CEO. 
 Our bylaws provide that, in order for any matter to be considered properly brought before a meeting, a stockholder must comply with requirements regarding advance notice to us. These provisions could delay, until the next stockholders meeting, stockholder actions which are favored by the holders of a majority of our outstanding voting securities. These provisions may also discourage another person or entity from making a tender offer for our common stock, because such person or entity, even if it acquired a majority of our outstanding voting securities, would be able to take action as a stockholder (such as electing new directors or approving a merger) only at a duly called stockholders meeting, and not by written consent. 
 Delaware s law generally provides that the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares entitled to vote on any matter is required to amend a corporation s certificate of incorporation or bylaws, unless a corporation s certificate of incorporation or bylaws requires a greater percentage. Under our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 75 of the shares of our capital stock entitled to vote is required to amend or repeal any of the provisions of our bylaws. Moreover, our bylaws provide that generally, a majority of the shares of our capital stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote may amend our certificate of incorporation. However, the vote of at least 75 of the shares of our capital stock then outstanding and entitled to vote in the election of directors, voting together as a single class, is required to amend or repeal any provision of the certificate of incorporation pertaining to the Board of Directors, limitation of liability, indemnification, stockholder action or amendments to the certificate of incorporation, to approve a proposal to convert, whether by merger or otherwise, from a closed-end company to an open-end company or to approve a proposal to effect our liquidation or dissolution. However, if such amendment or proposal is approved by at least 75 of our continuing directors (in addition to approval by our Board of Directors), such amendment or proposal may be approved by the stockholders entitled to cast a majority of the votes entitled to be cast on such matter. The continuing directors is defined in our certificate of incorporation as our directors at the time of the completion of our initial public offering as well as those directors whose nomination for election by the stockholders or whose election by the directors to fill vacancies is approved by a majority of the continuing directors then on our Board of Directors. The stockholder vote with respect to our certificate of incorporation or bylaws would be in addition to any separate class vote that might in the future be required under the terms of any series preferred stock that might be outstanding at the time any such changes are submitted to stockholders. In addition, our certificate of incorporation permits our Board of Directors to amend or repeal our bylaws by a majority vote. 

Transfer Agent and Registrar 
 The transfer agent and registrar for common stock is American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC. The transfer agent and registrar s address is 59 Maiden Lane, New York, New York 10038, and its telephone number is (718) 921-8124 or (800) 937-5449. 
 Listing 
 Our common stock is traded on The NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol PTMN. 

</EX-4>

<EX-21>
 3
 ptmn-ex21_1.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21 

Exhibit 21.1 
 List of Subsidiaries 

Name 
 
 Jurisdiction 

Katonah Management Holdings LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Katonah X Management LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Katonah 2007-I Management LLC 
 
 Delaware 

KCAP Management, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Commodore Holdings, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

KCAP Coastal, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Great Lakes KCAP Funding I, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

PTMN Sub Holdings LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Great Lakes Portman Ridge Funding I, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Kohlberg Capital Funding LLC I 
 
 Delaware 

OHA Funding GP, LLC 
 
 Texas 

OHA Nevada, LLC 
 
 Nevada 

OHA Funding, LP 
 
 Texas 

OHA Asset Holdings GP, LLC 
 
 Texas 

OHA Asset Holdings II, LP 
 
 Texas 

OHA/OCI Investments, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

OHA Investment Corporation Sub, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Garrison Capital Equity Holdings I LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Garrison Capital Equity Holdings II LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Garrison Capital Equity Holdings VIII LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Garrison Capital Equity Holdings XI LLC 
 
 Delaware 

GIG Rooster Holdings I LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Portman Ridge Funding 2018-2 Ltd. 
 
 Cayman Islands 

Portman Ridge Funding 2018-2 LLC 
 
 Delaware 

KCAP Freedom 3, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

HCAP Equity Holdings, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

HCAP ICC, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 4
 ptmn-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23 

Exhibit 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (File Nos. 333-260072 and 333-261314) on Form N-2 of our report dated March 11, 2021, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and consolidated financial highlights of Portman Ridge Finance Corporation. 
 
 /s/ KPMG LLP 
 New York, New York March 9, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-23>
 5
 ptmn-ex23_2.htm
 EX-23.2

EX-23 

Exhibit 23.2 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements of Portman Ridge Finance Corporation (the Company on Form N-2 (File Nos. 333-260072 and 333-261314) of our report dated March 9, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements of the Company appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 /s/ Deloitte Touche LLP 
 
 New York, New York 
 
 March 9, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 6
 ptmn-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULE 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 
 I, Edward Goldthorpe, certify that: 
 1.	I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Portman Ridge Finance Corporation (the registrant ); 
 2.	Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3.	Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4.	The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 (a)	Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 (b)	Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 (c)	Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 (d)	Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. 	The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 (a)	All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 (b)	Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 9, 2023 
 By: 
 
 /S/ EDWARD GOLDTHORPE 

Edward Goldthorpe 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 7
 ptmn-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULE 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 
 I, Jason Roos, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Portman Ridge Finance Corporation (the registrant ); 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)	Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 (b)	Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 (c)	Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 (d)	Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5.	The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 (a)	All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 (b)	Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 9, 2023 
 By: 
 
 /S/ JASON ROOS 

Jason Roos 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 8
 ptmn-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 1350, CHAPTER 63 OF TITLE 18, UNITED STATES CODE, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT 
 TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the accompanying Annual Report of Portman Ridge Finance Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report ), I, Edward Goldthorpe, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 (1)	The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
 (2)	The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 9, 2023 
 By: 
 
 /S/ EDWARD GOLDTHORPE 

Edward Goldthorpe 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 9
 ptmn-ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 1350, CHAPTER 63 OF TITLE 18, UNITED STATES CODE, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT 
 TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the accompanying Annual Report of Portman Ridge Finance Corporation, (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report ), I, Jason Roos, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 (1)	The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
 (2)	The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 9, 2023 
 By: 
 
 /S/ JASON ROOS 

Jason Roos 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 ptmn-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 ptmn-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 ptmn-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.CAL>
 14
 ptmn-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 ptmn-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

