<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230113_10-K_edgar_data_720154_0001558370-23-000243.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>19661374</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>1410184</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2681344</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7209282</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2907917</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4951610</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-23-000243.hdr.sgml : 20230113
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230112174229
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-23-000243
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		121
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20220930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230113
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230112

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Inotiv, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000720154
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMMERCIAL PHYSICAL & BIOLOGICAL RESEARCH [8731]
		IRS NUMBER:				351345024
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			IN
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-23357
		FILM NUMBER:		23526739

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2701 KENT AVE
		CITY:			WEST LAFAYETTE
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			47906-1382
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3174634527

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2701 KENT AVENUE
		CITY:			WEST LAFAYETTE
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			47906-1382

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BIOANALYTICAL SYSTEMS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19970918

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-23-000243.txt : 20230113

10-K
 1
 notv-20220930x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM (Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 for the fiscal year ended . OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 for the transition period from ___________ to _____________. Commission File Number (Exact name of the registrant as specified in its charter) 

INDIANA (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , INDIANA (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbols Name of exchange on which registered Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by checkmark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined by Rule 405 of the Securities Act. YES NO Indicate by checkmark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. YES NO Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. YES NO Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). YES NO Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller Reporting Company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). YES NO Based on the closing price on The Nasdaq Capital Market on March 31, 2022, the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant was . As of December 30, 2022, of registrant s common shares were outstanding. 

Table of Contents 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE Portions of the registrant s definitive Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) not later than 120 days after September 30, 2022, are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. With the exception of the portions of the 2023 Proxy Statement expressly incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K by reference, such document shall not be deemed filed as part of this Form 10-K. 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page PART I 6 Item 1. Business 6 Item 1A. Risk Factors 24 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 40 Item 2. Properties 40 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 41 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 41 PART II 41 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 41 Item 6. [Reserved] 41 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 42 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 61 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 62 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 127 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 127 Item 9B. Other Information 129 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 130 PART III 130 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 130 Item 11. Executive Compensation 130 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 131 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 131 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 131 PART IV 132 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 132 Item 16 . Form 10-K Summary 132 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 RISK FACTORS SUMMARY Our business is subject to many risks and uncertainties, which may affect our future financial performance or condition. If any of the events or circumstances described in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K occur, our business and financial performance or condition could be adversely affected, our actual results could differ materially from our expectations and the market value of our stock could decline. These risks and uncertainties are not the only ones we face. There may be additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently do not believe are material that may adversely affect our business and financial performance. We have provided a summary of some of these risks below. Our business, results of operations, financial condition, including the carrying value of certain of our assets, and cash flows have and may continue to be adversely affected by our dependence on the importation of non-human primates from suppliers located outside the U.S., particularly from communist countries in Southeast Asia, and legal issues related to these suppliers. Our business, results of operations, financial condition, including the carrying value of certain of our assets, cash flows and stock price have and may continue to be adversely affected by pandemics, epidemics or other public health emergencies, such as COVID-19. We are substantially dependent on the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries. We rely on a limited number of key clients, the importance of which may vary dramatically from year to year, and a loss of one or more of these key clients may adversely affect our operating results. We operate in a highly competitive industry. The majority of our clients contracts and orders can be terminated upon short notice. We may bear financial risk if we underprice our contracts or overrun cost estimates. Providing contract research organization services creates a risk of liability. Our business uses biological and hazardous materials, which could injure people or violate laws, resulting in liability that could adversely impact our financial condition and business. Our animal populations may suffer diseases that can damage our inventory, harm our reputation, result in decreased sales of our services or research products or result in other liability. Our DSA products business depends on our intellectual property. New technologies may be developed, validated and increasingly used in biomedical research that could reduce demand for some of our products and services. Our non-U.S. locations account for a significant percentage of our revenues, exposing us to risks associated with operating internationally. Failure to manage our growth effectively could cause our business to suffer and have an adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. Some of our customers depend on government funding of research and development and a reduction in that funding may adversely affect our business. We have experienced periods of losses and financial insecurity. We have incurred significant additional indebtedness during recent periods, which may impair our ability to raise further capital or impact our ability to service our debt. Our credit agreement contains covenants that restrict our business and financing activities. All of our assets secure our obligations under the credit agreement and may be subject to foreclosure. Our failure to comply with the terms of our existing credit agreement could result in an event of default that could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 Our management has concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures and our internal control over financial reporting were not effective as of September 30, 2022 due to material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting. If we are unable to remediate these material weaknesses and maintain an effective system of disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results in a timely manner, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and materially and adversely affect our business and financial results. Changes in government regulation or in practices relating to the pharmaceutical industry could change the demand for the services we provide. Any failure by us to comply with existing regulations could harm our reputation and operating results. We are involved in legal proceedings that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Privacy regulations could increase our costs or limit our services. We are subject to environmental, health and safety requirements and risks as a result of which we may incur significant costs, liabilities and obligations. We are subject to inspections, investigations and enforcement actions by regulatory authorities, which could lead to penalties, including substantial fines, warning letters, a temporary restraining order or injunction, civil and/or criminal penalties, and/or license suspension or revocation. Our future success depends on our ability to keep pace with rapid technological changes that could make our services and products less competitive or obsolete. Actions of animal rights activists may affect our business. We are at risk of cyber-attacks or other security breaches that could compromise sensitive business information, undermine our ability to operate effectively and expose us to liability, which could cause our business and reputation to suffer. Hardware or software failures, delays in the operations of our computer and communications systems or the failure to implement system enhancements could harm our business. Our share price could continue to be volatile and our trading volume may fluctuate substantially. Our principal shareholders and management own a significant percentage of our stock and will be able to exercise significant influence over matters subject to shareholder approval. The resale of certain shares issued in the Envigo Acquisition and covered by a resale registration statement could adversely affect the market price of our common shares, which result could in turn negatively affect our ability to raise additional equity capital. Anti-takeover provisions in our organizational documents and under Indiana law may discourage or prevent a change in control, even if a sale of us would benefit our shareholders, which could cause our stock price to decline and prevent attempts by shareholders to replace or remove our current management. We have never paid cash dividends and currently do not intend to do so. If we are unable to maintain listing of our securities on The Nasdaq Capital Market or another reputable stock exchange, it may be more difficult for our shareholders to sell their securities. We have and may further expand our business through acquisitions, which exposes us to various risks. Our recent acquisitions pose certain incremental risks to the Company. We may need additional capital, and any additional capital we seek may not be available in the amount or at the time we need it. The Company may fail to realize anticipated strategic and financial benefits from recent acquisitions. 
 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements, within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and/or Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). We use words such as anticipates, believes, expects, future, intends, and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. Those statements may include, but are not limited to, discussions regarding our intent, belief or current expectations with respect to (i) our strategic plans; (ii) trends in the demand for our services and products; (iii) trends in the industries that consume our services and products; (iv) our ability to develop new services and products; (v) our ability to source animal research models from Asia; (vi) our ability to make capital expenditures and finance operations; (vii) global economic conditions, especially as they impact our markets; (viii) our cash position; (ix) our ability to successfully integrate the operations and personnel related to recent acquisitions; (x) our ability to effectively manage current expansion efforts or any future expansion or acquisition initiatives undertaken by us; (xi) our ability to develop and build infrastructure and teams to manage growth and projects; (xii) our ability to continue to retain and hire key talent; (xiii) our ability to market our services and products under our corporate name and relevant brand names; (xiv) our ability to service our outstanding indebtedness; (xv) our expectations regarding the volume of new bookings, pricing, gross margins and liquidity; (xvi) our ability to manage recurring and non-recurring costs; (xvii) our ability to execute on our restructuring and site optimization plans; and (xviii) the impact of public health emergencies, including COVID-19, on the economy, demand for our services and products and our operations, including the measures taken by governmental authorities to address such public health emergencies, which may precipitate or exacerbate other risks and/or uncertainties. Investors in our common shares are cautioned that reliance on any forward-looking statement involves risks and uncertainties, including the risk factors in Item 1A of this Report. Although we believe that the assumptions on which the forward-looking statements contained herein are based are reasonable, any of those assumptions could prove inaccurate and, as a result, the forward-looking statements based upon those assumptions could be significantly different from actual results. In light of the uncertainties inherent in any forward-looking statement, the inclusion of a forward-looking statement herein should not be regarded as a representation by us that our plans and objectives will be achieved. We do not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statement, except as required by law. PART I ITEM 1 BUSINESS Corporate History Inotiv, Inc. and its subsidiaries we, our, us, the Company, or Inotiv began operating in 1975 as Bioanalytical Systems, Inc. Bioanalytical Systems, Inc. was incorporated in 1974 and completed an initial public offering in 2000. On March 18, 2021, the Company changed its corporate name from Bioanalytical Systems, Inc. to Inotiv, Inc. Our stock is traded on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC under the symbol NOTV. We are headquartered in West Lafayette, Indiana. Our headquarters mailing address is 2701 Kent Avenue, West Lafayette, Indiana, 47906, and the telephone number at that location is (765) 463-4527. Our Internet site is www.inotivco.com. The information contained on our website is not a part of this Report and is not incorporated by reference herein. Overview Inotiv is a leading contract research organization CRO dedicated to providing nonclinical and analytical drug discovery and development services to the pharmaceutical and medical device industries and selling a range of research-quality animals and diets to the same industries as well as academia and government clients. Our products and services focus on bringing new drugs and medical devices through the discovery and preclinical phases of development, all while increasing efficiency, improving data, and reducing the cost of discovering and taking new drugs and medical devices to market. Inotiv is committed to supporting discovery and development objectives as well as helping researchers realize the full potential of their critical research and development projects, all while working together to build a healthier and safer world. We are dedicated to practicing high standards of laboratory animal care and welfare. 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 As a result of our strategic acquisition of Envigo RMS Holding Corp. Envigo in November 2021, which added a complementary research model platform, our full spectrum solutions now span two segments: Discovery and Safety Assessment DSA and Research Models and Services RMS ). Through our DSA segment, we support the discovery, nonclinical development and clinical development needs of researchers and clinicians for primarily small molecule drug candidates, as well as biotherapeutics and biomedical devices. Our scientists have skills in analytical instrumentation development, chemistry, computer software development, histology, pathology, physiology, surgery, analytical chemistry, drug metabolism, pharmacokinetics, and toxicology to make the services and products we provide increasingly valuable to our current and potential clients. Our principal clients are companies whose scientists are engaged in analytical chemistry, drug safety evaluation, clinical trials, drug metabolism studies, pharmacokinetics and basic research, from small start-up biotechnology companies to some of the largest global pharmaceutical companies. During the twelve months ended September 30, 2022, we continued our momentum building Inotiv into a comprehensive provider of preclinical drug discovery and safety assessment services through our strategic acquisitions of Plato BioPharma, Inc. Plato ), Integrated Laboratory Systems, LLC ILS ), Hist ion, LLC Histion ), and Protypia, Inc. Protypia and through our collaboration with Synexa Life Sciences. Plato brings us important new in vivo pharmacology capabilities, and ILS complements our BioReliance genetic toxicology assets and accelerates the buildout of our genetic toxicology offerings as well as expands our general rodent toxicology capacity. In addition, ILS allows us to provide a computational toxicology service to provide predictive toxicology assessments. Histion accelerates our development and growth into the highly-specialized plastics and medical device histopathology business and Protypia enhances our ability to support clients in the development of safe and effective medicines, particularly in the areas of immuno-oncology and cell and gene therapy by bringing bioanalytical capability to solid tissue specimens. The partnership with Synexa Life Sciences enhances our large molecule bioanalysis and biomarker platform. Over the last few years, we ve significantly broadened and scaled our DSA business, enabling one-stop-shop preclinical programs and quicker speed to market, positioning Inotiv as a primary contract research provider for our growing client base. Through our RMS segment, we offer access to a wide range of small and large research models for basic research and drug discovery and development, as well as specialized models for specific diseases and therapeutic areas. We combine deep animal husbandry expertise and expanded access to scientists across the discovery and preclinical continuum, which reduces nonclinical lead times and provides enhanced project delivery. In conjunction with our CRO business, we have the ability to run selected nonclinical studies directly on-site at closely located research model facilities and provide access to innovative genetically engineered models and services solutions. Our principal clients include biopharmaceutical companies, CROs, and academic and government organizations. During the twelve months ended September 30, 2022 and following the Envigo acquisition (the Envigo acquisition ), we took steps to leverage our RMS capacity with the acquisition of Robinson Services Inc. s RSI rabbit breeding business and we acquired Orient BioResource Center, Inc. OBRC ), which provided access to additional non-human primate facilities. Discovery and Safety Assessment The DSA segment is comprised of two principal areas of services: Discovery Services Discovery and Safety Assessment. Discovery Services Analytical Method Development and Validation: Analytical methods, primarily performed in St. Louis, Missouri St. Louis and West Lafayette, Indiana West Lafayette ), are developed and validated in a manner designed to ensure that data generated are accurate, precise, reproducible and reliable and are used consistently throughout the drug development process and in later product support. Both early-stage, fit-for-purpose discovery methods and fully Good Laboratory Practice GLP )-validated methods are generated to provide appropriate and timely responses to the client s situation. 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 In Vivo Pharmacology : We provide preclinical in vivo efficacy services in customized facilities in Boulder and Westminster, Colorado (collectively, Boulder ), St. Louis, and West Lafayette. In vivo pharmacology is strengthened by the combination of our genetically-modified rodent production capability which provides animals with specific genetic modifications necessary for evaluation of new molecular targets. Exploratory Pharmacokinetics and Toxicology: We evaluate the initial pharmacokinetics of drug candidates to determine oral bioavailability, dose proportionality of exposure, gender differences, and time-dependent changes in exposure in our laboratories in St. Louis, West Lafayette and Evansville, Indiana Evansville ). In addition we provide initial safety evaluation of drug candidates through the conduct of single and repeated dose exploratory toxicology studies designed to identify tolerability and target organ toxicity and to provide guidance for dosing of more extensive pivotal studies which are intended to support human clinical trials. These exploratory toxicology studies are conducted primarily in St. Louis, Evansville and Gaithersburg, Maryland Gaithersburg ). Archiving Services: We provide climate-controlled archiving services for our clients data and samples at all of our facilities. Analytical Products: Analytical products consist of our liquid chromatographic and electrochemical instruments with associated accessories. The critical component of these products is the Epsilon electrochemical platform. This platform incorporates all the hardware capabilities needed for most electrochemical experiments but can be modified through software development. The market for our analytical products is comprised principally of academic institutions and industrial research companies. In Vivo Sampling Products: In vivo sampling products consist of the Culex family of automated in vivo sampling and dosing instruments. These instruments are used by pharmaceutical researchers to dose animals and collect biological samples (blood, bile, urine, microdialysate, feces or any bio-fluid) from the animals. Since dosing and sample collections are automated, animals are not manually handled, reducing stress on the animals and producing more representative pharmacological data. Behavior and other physiological parameters can also be monitored simultaneously. Compared to manual methods, the Culex products offer significant reduction in test model use and comparable reduction in labor. The line also includes in vivo sampling devices sold to drug developers and medical research centers to assist in the study of a number of medical conditions including stroke, depression, Alzheimer s and Parkinson s diseases, diabetes and osteoporosis. 
 Safety Assessment Non-clinical Toxicology and Pathology Services : We provide safety testing in studies ranging from acute safety evaluation of drugs and medical devices to chronic, multi-year oncogenicity studies at our Evansville, St. Louis, and Gaithersburg sites. At our Gaithersburg site, safety evaluation focused on developmental and reproductive toxicology is also conducted. Our capabilities in toxicologic pathology and evaluation of tissues from animal efficacy models are located in our St. Louis and Boulder sites. Our site in Fort Collins, Colorado Fort Collins offers surgical modeling and focused evaluation of biomedical devices as well as cardiovascular safety evaluation in radiotelemetry-implanted animals. Stability Testing : We test stability of nonclinical drug dosing formulations and collect bioanalysis samples designed to ensure the integrity of all solutions used in nonclinical and clinical studies and post-study analyses. Results from sample shipping and storage studies assist our clients in maintaining sample integrity throughout the process from collection to analysis. We perform these studies at our facilities in Gaithersburg, St. Louis, and West Lafayette. Drug Metabolism, Bioanalysis, and Pharmacokinetics Testing : We analyze samples from in vitro, preclinical and clinical studies to identify and measure drug and metabolite concentrations in complex biological matrices. Drug metabolism, bioanalysis and pharmacokinetics studies are performed at our facilities in St. Louis and West Lafayette. 

 8 

Table of Contents 
 New Service Offerings During the twelve months ended September 30, 2022 and 2021, we spent 5.7 million and 1.5 million, respectively, on startup costs for new service offerings that we are building internally such as: mechanistic pharmacology and toxicology, safety pharmacology; juvenile toxicology; SEND (Standard for the Exchange of Nonclinical Data) data reporting; clinical pathology; biotherapeutics; histopathology for devices; genetic toxicology; and cardiovascular safety pharmacology. We hired key leaders during 2021 to assist with these initiatives. In July 2021, w e purchased key genetic toxicology assets from MilliporeSigma s BioReliance portfolio, which will help accelerate the startup of our genetic toxicology business. Also, in July 2021, we acquired modern cell and molecular biology instrumentation from a Tennessee-based laboratory that ceased operations to facilitate entry into biotherapeutics service offerings. We have made significant capital investments in laboratory buildings and instrumentation as well as created alliances with partners to further support our emerging biotherapeutics business. Research Models and Services The RMS segment is comprised of (1) Research Models, (2) Diets and Bedding, and (3) Research Model Services. Research Models: Our research models business is comprised of the commercial production and sale of laboratory animals and research models, principally purpose-bred rats and mice and large animal models (non-human primates NHP and rabbits) for use by researchers. We provide these models to numerous customers around the world, including many academic institutions, government agencies, biopharmaceutical companies, and CROs, and we have a global footprint with production facilities strategically located in six countries. Our operations are located in close proximity to our customers, enabling us to provide a high level of customer service with a focus on animal welfare. Our research models include standard stocks and strains, immunocompromised models (which are useful for oncology research), disease models (which are in demand as early-stage research tools) and genetically-engineered models GEMS , which are often created for specific research projects). Small Animal Research Models : Our rodent species have been and continue to be used research models in the world, largely as a result of our geographic footprint and commitment to quality and customer service. Our small animal research models are bred and maintained in controlled environments, which are designed to ensure that the models are free of specific viral and bacterial agents, and other contaminants that can disrupt research operations and distort research results. With our production capabilities, we strive to consistently deliver high-quality research models worldwide. 
 RMS rodent research models include: outbred, which are purposefully bred for heterogeneity; inbred, which are bred to be genetically identical; spontaneous mutant, which contain a naturally occurring genetic mutation (such as immune deficiency); hybrid, which are the offspring of two different inbred parents; and GEMS. 
 Certain of our models are proprietary, disease-specific rodent models used to research treatments for diseases such as diabetes, obesity, cardiovascular and kidney disease. Large Research Models: Our large animal portfolio includes non-human primates NHPs and rabbits. NHPs are generally imported into the U.S. from Asia and Africa, with very limited breeding in the U.S. We operate two quarantine facilities in the U.S. to house and clear these imported animals, ensuring they have high health status before onward shipment to customers. NHPs are used by our customers primarily for the safety testing of new biological therapies. Rabbits are bred in both the U.K. and U.S. and utilized primarily for the reproductive safety testing of potential new therapies. 

 9 

Table of Contents 
 Diets and Bedding: Through its Teklad product line Teklad ), RMS produces and sells laboratory animal diets, bedding, and enrichment products. With primary manufacturing operations in the U.S. and a primarily company-owned and/or managed distribution network throughout the U.S., U.K. and Europe, we distribute Teklad products globally. We also maintain contract-manufacturing relationships with companies in the U.K. and Italy. Teklad offers a full line of off-the-shelf formulations as well as custom diets to meet our customers specific research needs. A team of nutritionists, including several PhDs, work with our customers to determine the best diet for their research objectives. If a custom diet is required, our nutritionists define the appropriate formula and our custom diet manufacturing line produces the feed. Our manufacturing facilities are ISO 9001:2015 certified. Teklad diets are manufactured from natural ingredients and use fixed formulas. In conjunction with strict quality standards for raw materials, this approach helps to ensure quality and consistency by minimizing variability of both nutrients and certain natural chemicals in the diet which might affect a research study. Teklad offers a variety of bedding and enrichment products to support model breeding, weaning, and holding. Research Model Services: We also offer a variety of services designed to support our customers use of research models in basic research and product development. These services include specialized surgical modifications such as cannulation, implants, and the creation of surgically derived disease state models. We also provide contract breeding, contract colony management, health monitoring, quarantine, cryopreservation, rederivation and revitalization services, as well as antibody development and production. Lastly, through the GEMS business, we offer the creation of new transgenic research models specific to individual customers needs. The Company s Role in the Drug Development Process Inotiv provides research support, through provision of its products and services, for the identification and development of new chemical and biological entities from discovery through clinical development. Our DSA segment provides services related to the efficacy and safety evaluations and our RMS segment offers animal research models for use in efficacy and safety evaluations. 1. The discovery phase of new product development includes the identification and validation of potential targets for therapeutic intervention, the latter of which may involve studying a disease s molecular pathway by genetically altering one or more of the molecules in that pathway in cell lines or in murine models. Inotiv s molecular biology group creates such murine models for our customers and, where appropriate, can then support customers in the use of those models to study the pharmacokinetic and potential efficacy profiles of new therapeutic entities. 
 In addition to generation of new models for studying potential pharmacokinetics and efficacy at the request of our customers, Inotiv also has a broad range of off-the-shelf standard, and disease-bearing models, that may be used for the same purposes. Our discovery services group uses these animals, and other model systems, to perform a range of early discovery tests to better characterize potential new therapeutic molecules for mode of action, potential efficacy, and predicted safety and metabolism profiles. 2. After a new drug candidate is identified and carried through this preliminary discovery screening, the development process for new drugs has three distinct phases. The nonclinical phase includes safety testing to prepare an Investigational New Drug IND application for submission to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA ). The IND must be accepted by the FDA before the drug candidate can be initially tested in humans. Once a pharmacologically active molecule is fully analyzed to confirm its potential utility, the initial dosage form for clinical trials is created. An analytical chemistry method is developed to enable reliable quantification. Stability and purity of the formulation are also determined. 
 Clients work with our nonclinical services group to establish initial pharmacology, pharmacokinetics PK ), pharmacodynamics PD and safety characteristics of the drug candidate. The safety studies range from dose ranging studies, that involve acute safety evaluation of drug candidates and medical devices to chronic, multi-year oncogenicity and reproductive toxicity studies. Dose formulation analysis is provided by our pharmaceutical 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 analysis group. Bioanalyses of blood sampled under these protocols by our bioanalytical services group provide pharmacokinetic and metabolism data that is used with the safety and toxicity information to determine the exposure required to demonstrate toxicity. A no observable adverse effect level is then established for the drug and sets the basis for future safety testing and clinical Phase I studies. Upon successful completion of nonclinical safety studies, an IND submission is made by the sponsor and must be approved by FDA prior to initiation of human clinical trials. Our bioanalytical services group utilizes our depth of expertise in liquid chromatography with detection by mass spectrometry to support research, nonclinical and clinical programs. We also offer bioanalytical services that utilize electrochemistry, spectrophotometric (UV/Vis or fluorescence) and Corona Discharge detection as options. We have invested in robotics and mass spectrometry systems. Application of this technology allows us to rapidly develop and validate methods for new compounds and obtain information suitable for regulatory submission. 3. The clinical phase further explores the safety and efficacy of the drug candidate in humans. The sponsor conducts Phase I human clinical trials in a limited number of healthy individuals to determine safety and tolerability. Bioanalytical assays determine the availability and metabolism of the active ingredient following administration. Expertise in method development and validation is critical, particularly for new chemical entities. 
 Exhaustive safety, tolerability and dosing regimens are established in patients in Phase II trials. Phase III clinical trials verify efficacy and safety. After successful completion of Phase III trials, the sponsor of the new drug submits a New Drug Application NDA or Biologics License Application BLA to the FDA requesting that the product be approved for marketing. Early manufacturing demonstrates production of the substance in accordance with FDA Good Manufacturing Practices GMP guidelines. The bioanalytical sample count per study grows rapidly from Phase I through Phase III. Phase II and III studies may take several years to complete, and must be supported by well-proven and consistently applied analytical methods. In parallel with the conduct of Phase II and Phase III clinical development, additional nonclinical animal studies (including sub-chronic and chronic toxicology studies, carcinogenicity studies and reproductive toxicology studies) are performed to allow the drug to proceed through clinical development and to support product registration. Our services supporting clinical development include evaluation of bioequivalence and bioavailability to monitor the rate and extent to which a drug is available in the body and to demonstrate that the availability is consistent between formulations. We also offer in-vitro bioequivalence testing for poorly absorbed topical and oral drugs. We offer support and testing services in clinical sample development, release and stability. 4. The post-approval phase follows FDA approval of the NDA or BLA. This includes production and continued analytical and clinical monitoring of the drug. The post-approval phase also includes development and regulatory approval of product modifications and line extensions, including improved dosage forms. The drug manufacturer must comply with quality assurance and quality control requirements throughout production and must continue analytical and stability studies of the drug during commercial production to continue to validate production processes and confirm product shelf life. Samples from each manufactured batch must be tested prior to release of the batch for distribution to the public. 
 We also provide services during the post-approval phase, including bioequivalence studies of new formulations, line extensions, new disease indications and drug interaction studies. Our ability to offer GMP electrochemical detection services has provided increased business opportunities for release testing. Increases in our services offerings have resulted in our ability to provide a broader range of services to our clients, often using combined services of several disciplines to address program needs. Our ability to solve problems by combining our knowledge base, services and products has been a factor in our selection by small startup biotechnology companies and major pharmaceutical companies to assist in several preclinical through post-approval phases. 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 Clients We provide our services and products to organizations engaged in basic research, biomedical device and pharmaceutical research and development. During the twelve months ended September 30 2022, we had sales to over 2500 companies, ranging from emerging biopharmaceutical companies up to some of the largest pharmaceutical companies in the world. We discuss client concentration and geographic information related to our business in Note 5. Recurring business from existing clients is important to ongoing operations. Our clients needs for our services and products increase and decrease depending on the stage of their research activities, so we experience some client turnover. Our business development efforts focus on both expanding existing client relationships and acquiring new clients. Our RMS segment has stable, long-term relationships with a majority of our clients due to their overarching need for consistency in the products they use to conduct their studies. Our DSA segment, due to its broad menu of services and flexibility in study design, is well positioned to serve the emerging biopharmaceutical segment during the discovery and development phases. We discuss customer concentration of revenue in Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. Contractual Arrangements Our DSA contracts typically establish an estimated fee to be paid for a proposed set of services designed in consultation with the client. In most cases, some percentage of the contract fee is paid in advance. While we are performing a contract, clients often adjust the scope of services to be provided based on interim project results. Fees are adjusted accordingly. Generally, our fee-for-service contracts are terminable by the client upon written notice of 30 days or less for a variety of reasons, including the client s decision to forego a particular study, the failure of product prototypes to satisfy safety requirements, and unexpected or undesired results of product testing. Cancellation or delay of ongoing contracts may result in fluctuations in our quarterly and annual results. We are generally able to recover, at minimum, our invested costs when contracts are terminated. Our RMS product contracts are generally short-term in nature and based upon purchase orders submitted for specific customer requirements. Pricing is based upon list prices, which are market-adjusted. In addition, prior to Inotiv s acquisition of Envigo, Envigo entered into a five-year supplier agreement with a key strategic partner that includes minimum purchase commitments and preferred pricing (equal to best price extended to similar customers). Contract breeding and client-owned animal colony care contracts are generally billed as per diems over the contract period. Sales and Marketing We promote our services through concentrated business development efforts, scientist-to-scientist communications, centralized corporate marketing programs and social media to both pharmaceutical and medical device companies, as well as academic and government research institutions. We recognize that our growth depends upon our ability to continually improve client satisfaction in order to deepen existing, and establish new client relationships. In November of 2019, the Company rebranded its contract research services business as Inotiv. Adoption of the tradename Inotiv symbolized the expansion and supplementation of the Company s legacy contract research service operations through significant business acquisitions as well as internal growth. Since the rebranding, the Company has marketed and otherwise managed its contract research services operations under the name Inotiv. On March 18, 2021, the Company changed its corporate name from Bioanalytical Systems, Inc. to Inotiv, Inc. Our research equipment manufacturing division continues to operate under the name BASi Research Products. The Company acquired Envigo RMS Holding Corp in November of 2021. Since this acquisition, the research models business of Envigo has continued to operate under the Envigo brand as an Inotiv Company and comprises the majority of the RMS segment of Inotiv. Our commercial initiatives include integrated campaigns designed to help differentiate and promote our products and services. Through trade events, digital and print advertising, direct communication, newsletters, social media, virtual exhibit space and our website, we provide our perspective on current industry challenges and developments to create an 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 ongoing dialogue with our clients and to promote our industry expertise, quality, technology and innovation. Historically, we have reinforced key messages and selling points through client visits, presentations, corporate material and at trade events and industry conferences. While trade events were almost entirely virtual during 2020 and 2021, most have returned to being hosted in-person. We encourage and sponsor the participation of our scientific and technical personnel in a variety of professional endeavors, including in-person (seminar) and virtual (webinar) speaking engagements, the presentation of papers at national and international professional trade meetings and the publication of scientific articles in medical and pharmaceutical journals. Through these endeavors we seek to emphasize our reputation for both scientific depth and operational excellence. As of September 30, 2022, in addition to our leadership team and scientists, we had 125 employees on our commercial team supporting sales, marketing, client experience, customer service and program management for both our DSA and RMS clients. These resources are located in both North America and UK/Europe to serve the major research markets. Competition Our two operating segments compete with other businesses, which range in size and capabilities, both financial and operational. In addition to competing companies in both industries, we compete with internal research and development teams at our client companies. There is competition for customers on the basis of many factors, including scientific and technological expertise, quality, reputation, responsiveness, price, scope of product and related service offerings, and geographic presence. Further, specific to the RMS segment, we believe there are significant barriers to becoming a global provider including the construction of bio-secure barrier production facilities, flexible-film isolator production facilities and the population of these facilities with over 175 species and strains of animal models (including over 80 genetically engineered rodent models), which requires years of investment and strict operating procedures. For DSA, we have many competitors, including three public companies in the U.S. and one public company in China. For RMS, there are five main competitors, including one public company in the U.S., two privately-held companies in the U.S., one government-funded, not-for-profit entity in the U.S., and one privately-held company in Europe. Industry Support and Animal Welfare Inotiv is committed to delivering high-level health and genetic quality, operational performance and customer service. High standards of animal welfare are vital to delivering on each of these objectives and are a principal focus of Inotiv. Inotiv is an advocate for implementation of Replacement, Reduction and Refinement 3Rs ). Members of Inotiv s scientific and technical care staff undertake continuing professional development in the field of laboratory animal science, with special focus on animal welfare and the 3Rs, and they are encouraged to publish and present within the scientific community. Inotiv has formed internal Institutional Animal Care and Use Committees, comprising staff from many disciplines within the DSA and RMS segments, in addition to external representation, to implement applicable regulations and provide strict oversight of animal welfare matters. Inotiv s animal production facilities in the U.K. and the Netherlands, and the majority of such facilities in the U.S., are accredited by the Association for Assessment and Accreditation of Laboratory Animal Care International AAALAC ), a private, non-profit, international accrediting organization that promotes the humane treatment of animals in science through voluntary accreditation and assessment programs. Our RMS facilities are also routinely inspected by government agencies tasked with enforcing animal welfare regulations. 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 Inotiv is firmly committed to the 3Rs and to reducing the number of animals used in research by emphasizing health and genetic integrity to decrease study data variability. Whenever possible, technological advances, such as new diagnostic tests for screening pathogens in laboratory rodents, micro-sampling and in vitro assays, are used. Laboratory animals remain an essential component in the research and development that our clients and customers conduct. They further our knowledge of living systems and help in the discovery and development of products that can save or enhance people s lives. The Company works with the scientific community to improve our understanding and promote best practice in the care and welfare of research animals. As providers of research models to the research community and scientists conducting experiments to help discover and develop new medicines on behalf of our customers, Inotiv is responsible to our clients and the public for the health and well-being of the animals in our care. Human Capital Management As of September 30, 2022, we had 2,099 full-time employees and 105 part-time employees. All employees enter into confidentiality agreements intended to protect our proprietary information. We believe that our relations with our employees are good. None of our employees are represented by a labor union. Our performance depends on our ability to attract and retain qualified professional, scientific and technical staff. The level of competition among employers for skilled personnel is high. We believe that our employee benefit plans enhance employee morale, professional commitment and work productivity and provide an incentive for employees to remain with the Company. Our primary objectives and philosophy of our compensation programs are to (i) drive leadership behaviors that maximize long-term stockholder value creation and (ii) attract and retain talented colleagues with the skills necessary to successfully manage and grow our business. Attracting, retaining, and developing talent is a core principle of our talent management and total rewards strategy. Compensation and benefit programs are an important part of our employment relationship, which also includes challenging and rewarding work, growth and career development opportunities and being part of a leading CRO with a diverse and talented workforce that helps customers develop life-changing therapies. We strive to have the following features as part of our compensation and benefits: a consistent framework that is affordable to the business a pay for performance focus individuals are rewarded for performance and overall contributions to business success. compensation is fair and equitable, irrespective of gender, race, or similar personal characteristics; and a total rewards package that will be competitive with leading companies. 
 Compensation is used to attract, retain, and motivate employees and to reward the achievement of business results through the delivery of competitive pay and discretionary incentive programs. Benefits provide employees with income security and protection from catastrophic loss. We will continue to evaluate and develop affordable, competitive benefit programs that meet these objectives. No one element is more important than any other, and business judgement is used to balance them to ensure our compensation and benefits strategy is effective in supporting our overall business strategy. Our Guiding Principles consist of: Pay Equity employee compensation should be fair and equitable Performance Orientation compensation programs should support and reinforce a pay-for-performance culture Competitive Positioning critical to attracting, motivating, and retaining a high-performance team. Affordability compensation and benefits must be affordable to us over the medium to long-term. Consistency and Stability compensation and benefit programs should have a high degree of consistency and should not significantly fluctuate year-over-year. 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 Delivery Efficiency compensation, benefits, and other related programs should be consistent, equitable and easy to administer. Deliver Effectiveness clearly defined metrics should be developed for compensation, benefits, and other related programs that are aligned with corporate business performance metrics. 
 Attracting, retaining, and developing world class talent that is empowered to work together to compete and win is a fundamental aspect of our corporate strategy. A foundational principle of our talent management strategy is an unwavering commitment to equal opportunity in all aspects of employment, including the way we compensate and reward our employees. Regulatory Matters We are subject to various federal, state, and local laws and regulations and inspections designed to promote compliance therewith. We strive to conduct our business in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. Violations of these laws and regulations may result in sanctions, including substantial fines, warning letters that require corrective action (including potential facilities improvement requirements), revocation of approvals, exclusion from future participation in government healthcare programs and grants, criminal prosecution and even the denial or debarment of the right to conduct business. We hold a range of permits and licenses, related to our activities. We are subject to extensive regulatory requirements designed to ensure the quality and integrity of our data and products and to government inspections and audits related thereto. These regulations include those promulgated under the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, as amended from time to time, and include GLP, GMP, Bioequivalence regulations BE and Good Clinical Practices GCP ). These requirements demand rigorous attention to research; development; safety; manufacturing quality control; employee training; detailed documentation; equipment and computer validation; promotion and advertising; careful tracking of changes and routine auditing of compliance. Noncompliance with these standards could result in disqualification of project data collected by the Company, which would substantially impact our ability to meet our obligations to clients, and, in severe cases, discontinuance of selected operations. The products and services we offer to international clients are also subject to foreign regulatory requirements, which vary from country to country. Since our formation, we have been inspected, on a routine basis, by the FDA at each of our locations. We are subject to federal, state and foreign healthcare and other regulations, including anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws (such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977), and could face substantial penalties if we fail to comply with such regulations and laws. In particular, the relationships that we, and third parties that market and/or sell our products, have with purchasers of our products, are subject to scrutiny under various state and federal laws, including those referred to collectively as healthcare fraud and abuse laws. Our facilities and operations are subject to various federal, state, and local laws and regulations relating to protection of human health and the environment, including those governing the discharge of pollutants into the environment and the storage, handling, use, treatment, disposal, and recycling of hazardous substances and wastes, as further described below. Such laws include, without limitation, the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act, the Toxic Substances Control Act, and the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act. As environmental laws and regulations continue to evolve, it is likely we will be subject to increasingly stringent environmental standards in the future, particularly under air and water quality laws and standards related to climate change issues. Environmental laws are complex, change frequently and have tended to become increasingly stringent over time. Analytical Services Laboratories that provide information included in INDs, NDAs and BLAs must conform to regulatory requirements that are designed to ensure the quality and integrity of the testing process. Most of our contract research services are subject to government standards for laboratory practices that are embodied in regulations for GLP, GMP, BE and GCP. The FDA, Environmental Protection Agency and other regulatory authorities require that test results submitted to such authorities be based on studies conducted in accordance with the regulations listed above. These requirements include but are not restricted to the following areas: 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 Resources organization, personnel, facilities and equipment; Rules protocols and written procedures; Characterization test items and test systems; Documentation raw data, final report and archives; and Quality assurance unit formalized internal audit function. 
 We must also maintain reports for each study for specified periods for auditing by the study sponsor and by the FDA or similar regulatory authorities in other parts of the world. Regulatory monitoring authorities such as the FDA, have indicated an increased emphasis on the management of electronic records generated by computerized systems to ensure data integrity. Noncompliance with these regulations can result in the disqualification of data collected during the preclinical trial, which would substantially impact our ability to meet our obligations to clients, and, in severe cases, discontinuance of selected operations. Nonclinical Services Our animal research facilities are subject to a variety of federal and state laws and regulations, including The Animal Welfare Act AWA and the rules and regulations enforced by the United States Department of Agriculture USDA and the National Institutes of Health NIH ). These regulations establish the standards for the humane treatment, care and handling of animals by breeders, dealers and research facilities. Our animal research facilities maintain detailed standard operating procedures and other documentation necessary to comply with applicable regulations for the humane treatment of the animals in our custody. If the USDA determines that our equipment, facilities, laboratories or processes do not comply with applicable AWA standards, it may issue an inspection report documenting the deficiencies and setting deadlines for any required corrective actions. For continued noncompliance, the USDA may impose fines, suspend and/or revoke animal research licenses or confiscate research animals. In addition to being licensed by the USDA as a research facility where applicable, we have registered assurances with the NIH. Research Models and Services As the RMS segment operates in a number of distinct environments and in a variety of locations worldwide, the RMS segment is subject to numerous, and sometimes overlapping, regulatory environments. The AWA governs the care and use of certain species of animals used for research in the U.S. other than certain laboratory rats, mice and birds. For regulated species, the AWA and the associated animal care regulations require producers and users of regulated species to provide veterinary care and to utilize specific husbandry practices such as cage size, shipping conditions, sanitation and environmental enrichment to assure the welfare of these animals. Separately, facilities using live vertebrate animals in research funded by the U.S. Public Health Service PHS must also adhere to the PHS Policy on Humane Care and Use of Laboratory Animals and follow the Guide for the Care and Use of Laboratory Animals produced by the Institute for Laboratory Animal Research. The RMS segment is subject to licensing and registration requirement standards set by the USDA and similar agencies in other countries for the care and use of regulated species. Our operations in Europe follow the standards as stipulated by Directive 2010/63/EU on the Protection of Animals Used for Scientific Purposes. Stipulations within that Directive were transposed into national legislations within the EU (including the U.K.) in 2013. We are regularly consulted and inspected by the relevant national authorities in order to ensure continued compliance with the legal requirements in each nation in which it operates. The RMS segment s import and export of animals and its operations in foreign countries are subject to international agreements and conventions, as well as a variety of national, regional, and local laws and regulations, which establish the standards for the humane treatment, care, handling and transport of animals by breeders, dealers and research facilities. 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 In addition, the specific activities of some of RMS lines of business require RMS entities to hold specialized licenses for the conduct, manufacture, and distribution of particular products and services. All of RMS s sites are subject to licensing and regulation under international treaties and conventions, including national, regional and local laws relating to: the surface and air transportation of laboratory specimens; the handling, use, storage and disposal of chemicals (including anesthetics, narcotics and psychotropic drugs), biological reagents, laboratory specimens, hazardous waste and radioactive materials; the safety and health of employees and visitors to our facilities; and protection of the environment and general public. 
 To meet these compliance obligations, Inotiv has established quality assurance procedures and functions. The quality assurance function operates independently from those individuals that manage RMS production. Quality Assurance and Information Technology To promote compliance with applicable regulations, we have established quality assurance programs at our facilities, which include auditing of test data, personnel training, review of procedures and regular inspection of facilities. Regulatory guidelines serve as a basis for our Standard Operating Procedures SOPs where applicable. On an ongoing basis, we endeavor to standardize SOPs across all relevant operations. We have both developed and purchased software to ensure compliant documentation, handling and reporting of laboratory-generated study data. We adhere to 21 CFR Part 11 (FDA regulations on electronic records and electronic signatures that define the criteria under which electronic records and electronic signatures are considered to be trustworthy, reliable and equivalent to paper records). Our contract research operations were compliant with applicable U.S. FDA regulations (including 21 CFR Part 11) in our analytical, bioanalytical, toxicology, laboratory information management, and document management systems. Systems compliant with 21 CFR Part 11 were formally validated and released for use in regulated studies. We manage our business systems through the use of an Enterprise Resource Planning ERP system. We are continually refining and adjusting our ERP system to improve efficiency, provide better management tools and address changes in our business. Management s assessment and report on disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls over financial reporting is included in Item 9A. Controlled, Hazardous, and Environmentally Threatening Substances Some of our development and testing activities are subject to the Controlled Substances Act administered by the Drug Enforcement Agency DEA ), which strictly regulates all narcotic and habit-forming substances. We maintain restricted-access facilities and heightened control procedures for projects involving such substances due to the level of security and other controls required by the DEA. Our laboratories are subject to licensing and regulation under federal, state and local laws relating to hazard communication and employee right-to-know regulations, the handling and disposal of medical specimens and hazardous waste, as well as the safety and health of laboratory employees. All of our laboratories are subject to applicable federal and state laws and regulations relating to the storage and disposal of laboratory specimens, including regulations of the Environmental Protection Agency, the Department of Transportation, the National Fire Protection Agency and the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act. We may incur liability for alleged environmental damages associated with the off-site transportation and disposal of hazardous substances. Generators of hazardous substances which are transported to disposal sites where environmental problems are alleged to exist are subject to claims under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 CERCLA ), and state counterparts. CERCLA imposes strict, joint and several liabilities for investigatory and cleanup costs upon hazardous substance generators, site owners and operators, and other potentially responsible parties. We may be held liable for all costs arising out of any release of hazardous substances and for consequences arising out of human exposure to such substances, which costs may 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 be material. In addition, changes in any environmental laws may increase costs of compliance and liabilities arising from any past or future releases of, or exposures to, hazardous substances and may materially adversely affect the business. The regulations of the U.S. Department of Transportation, the PHS and the U.S. Postal Service apply to the surface and air transportation of laboratory specimens. Our laboratories must also comply with the International Air Transport Association regulations which govern international shipments of laboratory specimens. Furthermore, when materials are sent to a foreign country, the transportation of such materials becomes subject to the laws, rules and regulations of such foreign country. Safety In addition to comprehensive regulation of safety in the workplace generally, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration has established extensive requirements relating to workplace safety for health care employers, whose workers may be exposed to blood-borne pathogens such as HIV and the hepatitis B virus, chemicals and drugs, and respiratory hazards. These regulations, among other things, require work practice controls, protective clothing and equipment, training, medical follow-up, vaccinations and other measures designed to minimize exposure to chemicals, transmission of blood-borne and airborne pathogens, and other potential hazards. Relevant employees receive initial and periodic training focusing on compliance with applicable hazardous materials regulations and health and safety guidelines. HIPAA Under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 HIPAA ), the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services regulates the disclosure of confidential medical information in the United States. We have had a global privacy policy in place since January 2001 and believe that we are in compliance with HIPAA and current European Union requirements regarding confidential medical information. We continue to monitor our compliance with these regulations, and we intend to take appropriate steps to promote compliance as these and other privacy regulations are revised or additional regulations come into effect. Trends Affecting the Drug Discovery and Development Industry Our services and products are primarily marketed globally to pharmaceutical, medical research and biotechnology companies and institutions (academic and governmental) engaged in drug research and development. The research services industry is highly fragmented among many niche vendors as well as a small number of consolidating larger companies; the latter offer an ever-growing portfolio of start-to-finish pharmaceutical development services. Our services and products may have distinctly different clients (including separate divisions in a single large pharmaceutical company) and requirements. We believe that market trends in the pharmaceutical and biotech industries demonstrate an increasing emphasis towards outsourcing, as companies seek to maintain reduced internal resources in favor of variable cost models that offer high quality and higher accountability alternatives to meet their drug discovery, development and manufacturing needs. We believe that our clients are facing increased pressure to outsource facets of their research and development activities and that the following factors are the main contributors to client outsourcing. Limited Research Model Availability During the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, researchers and CRO s have experienced significant limitations in their access to animal research models, specifically including a sharp reduction in the availability of NHPs originating from breeding farms in Southeast Asia and limited access to the generation of genetically-modified rodent models used in efficacy evaluations. Prior to the pandemic, China was the leading exporter of NHP s employed in basic and applied research; however, early in 2020, China ceased exportation of cynomolgus monkeys, the species most commonly involved in pharmaceutical product development. This change in the world supply of a critical research model has resulted in increased demand from breeding farms principally located in Cambodia, Vietnam, and Mauritius Island, with a resultant marked increase in unit pricing. We do not expect China s internal consumption of its domestically-produced research models to decrease, nor do we anticipate a loosening of its embargo on their exportation in the future. 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 On November 16, 2022, the Company became aware that the U.S. Attorney s Office for the Southern District of Florida USAO-SDFL criminally charged employees of the principal supplier of NHPs to the Company , along with two Cambodian government officials, with conspiring to illegally import NHPs into the United States from December 2017 through January 2022 and in connection with seven specific imports between July 2018 and December 2021. This indictment has further jeopardized the domestic supply of these critical animal models. According to CDC statistics, Cambodia accounted for greater than 60 of the NHPs imported by the US through September 30, 2022. The limited NHP supply initially brought on by halting of Chinese exports and exacerbated by recent events in Cambodia has also resulted in a dramatic increase in the cost of these animals, which limits the ability of small innovator companies to conduct the initial safety evaluation of new product candidates. Accelerated Drug Development Clients continue to demand faster, more efficient, more selective development of an increasing pool of drug and device candidates. Consequently, our clients require fast, high-quality service in order to make well-informed decisions to quickly exclude poor candidates and speed development of promising ones. The need for additional development capacity to exploit more opportunities, accelerate development, extend market exclusivity and increase profitability drives the demand for outsourced services. Increase in Potential New Drug Candidates The time and cost required to develop a new drug or device candidate have generally increased. Many small and virtual pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies do not have sufficient internal resources to pursue development of all of the new drug and device candidates on their own. Consequently, these companies are looking to the drug discovery and development services industry for cost-effective, innovative and rapid means of developing new drugs. Cost Pressures of Introducing New Drugs Market forces, healthcare reform and other governmental initiatives place significant pressures on pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies to reduce drug prices. In addition, increased competition as a result of patent expiration, market acceptance of generic drugs, and governmental and privately managed care organization efforts to reduce healthcare costs have added to drug pricing pressures. The pharmaceutical industry is responding by consolidating, streamlining operations, decentralizing internal discovery and development processes, and minimizing fixed costs. In addition, increased pressures to differentiate products and justify drug pricing are resulting in an increased focus on healthcare economics, safety monitoring and commercialization services. Moreover, pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies are attempting to increase the speed and efficiency of internal new drug discovery and development processes. Patent Expiration As exclusivity ends with patent expiration, drug companies defend their proprietary positions against generic competition with various patent extension strategies. Both the drug company pursuing these extensions and the generic competitors provide additional opportunities for the Company. Alliances Strategic alliances allow pharmaceutical companies to share research know-how and to develop and market new drugs faster in more diverse, global markets. We believe that such alliances will lead to a greater number of potential drugs in testing, many under study by small and virtual companies lacking broad technical resources. These small and virtual companies can seek to add shareholder value by further developing new products through outsourcing, reducing risk for potential allies. Clients seek realistic business partnerships with their service provider in an effort to ensure that costs are controlled and scientific continuity is maintained as their development programs progress. We have long-standing business relationships with many pharmaceutical companies, continue to offer flexible services and aim to adapt to our clients requirements. 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 Mergers and Acquisitions Consolidation in the pharmaceutical industry as well as its supporting contract research industry is commonplace. As pharmaceutical industry firms blend personnel, resources and business activities, we believe they will continue to streamline operations and minimize staffing, which will lead to more outsourcing and a dependence on small and virtual drug discovery efforts to feed their pipelines. Consolidation may result in a disruption in the progress of drug development programs as merging companies rationalize their respective drug development pipelines. In addition, we believe that recent consolidation within the contract research industry has created a unique opportunity for the emergence of mid-market CRO providers who can offer clients a high degree of touch not only in study execution, but in program design and regulatory agency interactions. Biotechnology Industry and Virtual Drug Company Growth The U.S. biotechnology industry has grown rapidly over the last two decades and has emerged as a key client segment for the drug discovery and development services industry. In recent years, this industry has generated significant numbers of new drug candidates that will require development and regulatory approval. Many biotechnology drug developers do not have sufficient in-house resources to conduct early stage drug development. Many new companies choose only to carry a product to a development stage sufficient to attract a partner who will manufacture and market the drug. Because of the time and cost involved, these companies typically rely heavily on CROs to conduct research for their drug candidates. Specialized Technical Expertise The increasing complexity of new drug candidates requires highly specialized, innovative, solution-driven research not available in all client labs. We believe that this need for specialized technical expertise will increasingly lead to outsourcing of research activity. We believe further that the reliance of the pharmaceutical industry on small innovative drug discovery companies, which are often overlooked by large CROs, creates an opportunity for strategic partnership with small, consulting-based and innovative CROs such as ours. Data Management and Quality Expertise Our clients and worldwide regulatory authorities require more data, greater access to that data, consistent and auditable management of that data, and greater security and control of that data. We have made investments in software throughout our contract services groups to optimize efficiency and promote compliance with regulations and market expectations. Globalization of the Marketplace Foreign firms rely on independent development companies like ours with experience in the U.S. to provide integrated services through all phases of product development and to assist in preparing complex regulatory submissions. Domestic drug firms are broadening product availability globally, which increases demand for local regulatory approval. We believe that we and other domestic service providers with global reach, established regulatory expertise, and a broad range of integrated development services and products will benefit from this trend. Our Solution We address the needs of the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries, as well as academic, non-profit and government organizations, for drug discovery and development by providing integrated products and services to help our clients maximize the return on their research and development investments. We have focused on stabilizing critical supply chain issues particularly related to research models. We believe our application of innovative technologies and products and our commitment to quality throughout the drug discovery and development process offer our clients a way to identify and develop successful drugs and devices more quickly and cost-effectively. We have obtained significant drug development expertise from more than 48 years of operation, and during 2022 we added to our CRO service offerings through expansion of current facilities, acquisitions and startup initiatives to build new service offerings internally. 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 Product Liability and Insurance We maintain product liability and professional errors and omissions liability insurance, providing coverage on a claims-made basis. Additionally, in certain circumstances, we seek to manage our liability risk through contractual provisions to be indemnified by the client or covered by the client s liability insurance policies. Also, in certain types of engagements, we seek to limit our contractual liability to clients to the amount of fees received. Our client contractual arrangements are subject to negotiation, and the terms and scope of indemnification, liability limitation and insurance coverage vary by client and project. Intellectual Property We believe that our patents, trademarks, copyrights and other proprietary rights are important to our business. Accordingly, we actively seek protection for those rights both in the United States and abroad. Where we deem it to be an appropriate course of action, we will vigorously prosecute patent infringements. The loss of any one or more of our patents, trademarks, copyrights or other proprietary rights could impact our consolidated revenues or earnings. We currently hold three U.S. federally registered trademarks and one pending federal trademark application. We also have two issued U.S. patents on the Dried Blood Spot (DBS) sampling card for the Culex Automated Blood Sampling Instrumentation. There are also 12 issued international patents for this technology in Japan, Canada, Europe, Belgium, Switzerland, Germany, Denmark, Spain, France, the United Kingdom, Italy, the Netherlands, and Sweden. Additionally, we have three issued U.S. patents for the Empis Automated Drug Infusion technology for the Culex instrument. There are 14 issued international patents for this technology in Europe, Japan, Canada, Belgium, Switzerland, Germany, Spain, France, the United Kingdom, Hungary, Ireland, Sweden, and Turkey. There is one additional issued U.S. patent and 13 issued international patents in Belgium, Canada, Switzerland, Germany, Denmark, Europe, Spain, France, the United Kingdom, Italy, Japan, the Netherlands and Sweden relating to the No Blood Waste technology for the Culex instrument. There is also one issued U.S. patent relating to pinch valve technology. Our issued patents are protected for durations ranging from July of 2023 to February of 2034. We also hold various U.S. registered copyrights. In addition to these formal intellectual property rights, we rely on trade secrets, unpatented know-how and continuing applications research which we seek to protect through means of reasonable business procedures, such as confidentiality agreements. Raw Materials There are no specialized raw materials that are particularly essential to our business. We have a variety of alternative suppliers for the components in our diets and bedding products. Information about our Executive Officers Below are the names, ages and positions of each of our current executive officers. Robert W. Leasure, Jr., age 63, joined the Company as President and Chief Executive Officer on January 12, 2019. Mr. Leasure serves as the managing partner and president of LS Associates LLC LS ), a management and turnaround firm formed in 2002. From September 2016 until Mr. Leasure s employment, the Company engaged LS as a financial consultant. Mr. Leasure s experience working with management teams in areas including strategic planning and implementation, problem solving, operations, mergers and acquisitions and financial transactions, and in particular Mr. Leasure s experience leading the Company s turnaround and current growth, well situate him for his role as President and Chief Executive Officer and as a director. Mr. Leasure s current term on the board expires at the 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. John E. Sagartz, DVM, Ph.D., DACVP, age 56, joined the Company as part of the Company s acquisition of Seventh Wave Laboratories on July 2, 2018. Following the acquisition, Dr. Sagartz has served as the Company s Chief Strategy Officer and joined Inotiv s Board of Directors to help guide strategy in order to provide broader solutions and greater scientific expertise to the Company s clients. Dr. Sagartz began his career as a toxicologic pathologist at 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 Searle/Monsanto in 1996, and held positions of increasing responsibility as section head, director, preclinical development site head, and fellow, following Monsanto s merger with Pharmacia. After Pfizer s acquisition of Pharmacia in 2003, Dr. Sagartz founded Seventh Wave Laboratories where he served as President and Chief Executive Officer, and Chief Strategy Officer. Dr. Sagartz is an adjunct associate professor of Comparative Medicine at St. Louis University s College of Medicine and serves on the Board of Directors of the Missouri Biotechnology Association. He received his Bachelor of Science and Doctor of Veterinary Medicine degrees from Kansas State University and, after completing residency training in anatomic pathology, earned his Doctor of Philosophy from The Ohio State University. Dr. Sagartz has the education and experience to provide strategic insight and industry knowledge to serve as Chief Strategy Officer for the Company and serve as a director. Dr. Sagartz s current term on the board expires at the 2024 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. Beth A. Taylor , age 57, joined the Company as Chief Financial Officer on March 9, 2020. Prior to joining the Company, Ms. Taylor held financial positions of Vice President of Finance and Chief Accounting Officer at Endocyte, Inc. from 2011-2019, VP of Finance and Corporate Controller at Author Solutions, Inc., Harlan Laboratories, Inc. and Republic Airways Holdings and Finance Director at Rolls-Royce Corporation. Ms. Taylor started her career in audit assurance with Deloitte and received a B.S. in Accounting from Kelley School of Business, Indiana University in Bloomington, Indiana. Brennan Freeman , age 35, joined the Company as Corporate Controller on July 12, 2021. On October 25, 2022, the Board of Directors appointed Mr. Freeman as Vice President Finance and Corporate Controller of the Company. Mr. Freeman also serves as the Company s principal accounting officer. Mr. Freeman began his career at Ernst Young LLP, where he held various positions, including most recently as Manager Global Life Sciences Assurance Resident from July 2018 to September 2018, Senior Manager Global Life Sciences Assurance Resident from October 2018 June 2020 and Senior Manager Assurance Services from July 2020 July 2021 and received a Bachelor of Science in Business, majoring in Finance Accounting from Indiana University/Purdue University Indianapolis, Indiana William D. Pitchford , age 68, joined the Company as Chief Human Resources Officer on August 28, 2019. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Pitchford held senior level positions within the human resources functions at Ford Motor Company, Rio Tinto Alcan Corporation and, most recently, at Wabash National Corporation as Senior Vice President of Human Resources. Mr. Pitchford received his undergraduate degree in Criminology Sociology at Indiana State University, and his Master of Arts in Human Resources Management at Central Michigan University. John Gregory Beattie , age 56, joined the Company in February 2021 as the Chief Operating Officer. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Beattie held Corporate Vice President positions at Charles River Laboratories, a contract research organization, where he led business units within all three of their segments. In these roles, Mr. Beattie was responsible for driving operational performance. Mr. Beattie holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Biology from McGill University and a Master of Science degree in Experimental Health Sciences from Universit du Queb c, and graduated from the Kellogg Management Institute program at Northwestern University . Michael Garrett , age 55, joined the Company as Chief Commercial Officer upon the closing of the Envigo Acquisition on November 5, 2021. Mr. Garrett served as Senior Vice President of Commercial for Envigo since June 2019, having joined the company in 2018 as Head of New Service Development. Prior to joining Envigo, he was Vice President of Commercial for MPI Research, a non-clinical contract research organization. From 2008 to 2016, he was Senior Director of Marketing and Strategy for the Life Science Services business (BioReliance) of MilliporeSigma (Merck KGaA). He has been in the life sciences industry for 29 years, having held leadership positions in Sales, Marketing and Strategic Planning at BioReliance (Merck KGaA), Serologicals Corp. (Millipore), and Life Technologies. Mr. Garrett has a Masters in Experimental Pathology from the University of Washington (Seattle) and a Bachelor of Science degree from Duke University. Fernanda Beraldi , age 42, joined the Company as General Counsel and Corporate Secretary on March 31, 2022. Prior to joining Inotiv, Ms. Beraldi served most recently as Senior Director, Global Ethics and Compliance for Cummins Inc, and in other progressive roles with Cummins Inc. for the past six years as Director, International Ethics and Compliance and Corporate Counsel, and before that, as Director, Ethics and Compliance for Latin America and Corporate Counsel. Prior to her roles at Cummins Inc., Ms. Beraldi served as a Senior Counsel for Embraer SA for six years. Ms. 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 Beraldi received her Master of Laws degree from Indiana University McKinney School of Law, and her Bachelor of Laws degree from Mackenzie University in Sao Paulo, Brazil. Available Information Our Internet address is www.inotivco.com. We routinely post important information for investors on our website in the Investors section. We use this website as a means of disclosing material information in compliance with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. Accordingly, investors should monitor the Investors section of our website, in addition to following our press releases, Securities and Exchange Commission SEC filings, public conference calls, presentations and webcasts. Investors can easily find or navigate to pertinent information about us, free of charge, on our website, including: our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with or furnish it to the SEC; announcements of investor conferences and events at which our executives talk about our company and competitive strategies; press releases on quarterly earnings, product and services announcements, legal developments and other material news that we may post from time to time; corporate governance information, including our Corporate Governance Guidelines, Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, information concerning our Board of Directors and its committees, including the charters of the Audit Committee, Compensation Committee, and Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee, and other governance-related policies; shareholder services information, including ways to contact our transfer agent; and opportunities to subscribe to investor email alerts. 
 The information available on our website is not incorporated by reference in, or a part of, this or any other report we file with or furnish to the SEC. The SEC also maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at http://www.sec.gov. 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 1A RISK FACTORS Our business is subject to many risks and uncertainties, which may affect our future financial performance or condition. If any of the events or circumstances described below occur, our business and financial performance or condition could be adversely affected, our actual results could differ materially from our expectations and the market value of our stock could decline. The risks and uncertainties discussed below are not the only ones we face. There may be additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently do not believe are material that may adversely affect our business and financial performance. Risks Related to NHP Supply Our business, results of operations, financial condition, including the carrying value of certain of our assets, and cash flows have and may continue to be adversely affected by our dependence on the importation of NHPs from suppliers located outside the U.S., particularly from communist countries in Southeast Asia, and legal issues related to these suppliers. Our business, results of operations, financial condition, including the carrying value of certain of our assets, and cash flows have and may continue to be adversely affected by our dependence on NHP suppliers that are located outside the U.S. China exited the NHP exportation market in 2020 during the COVID-19 pandemic, and has repeatedly stated that it strategically intends to dominate, amongst other thing, worldwide biomedical research. As such, their demand for NHPs has shifted a previously exported supply to their domestic use. China has recently announced its intent to open its borders to importation of NHPs, but remains closed to exportation. Recent legal matters affecting the Cambodian supply of NHPs (which, according to CDC statistics accounted for more than 60 of the U.S. imports through September 30, 2022), including those arising as a result of the USAO-SDFL criminally charging employees of our principal supplier of NHPs, along with two Cambodian government officials, has further exacerbated an already constrained NHP supply for U.S. research. If we are unable to obtain NHPs in sufficient quantities and in a timely manner to meet the needs of our clients, if the price of NHPs that are available increases significantly, or if we are unable to ship the NHPs in our possession to our clients because of governmental restrictions or limitations, our business, particularly in our RMS segment, will be materially adversely affected. Risks Related to Health Emergencies Our business, results of operations, financial condition, including the carrying value of certain of our assets, cash flows and stock price have and may continue to be adversely affected by pandemics, epidemics or other public health emergencies, such as COVID-19. Our business, results of operations, financial condition, including the carrying value of certain of our assets, cash flows and stock price have and may continue to be adversely affected by pandemics, epidemics or other public health emergencies, such as COVID-19. Such health emergencies can result in governments around the world implementing stringent measures to help control the spread of the virus, including quarantines, shelter in place and stay at home orders, travel restrictions, business curtailments, school closures, and other measures. The outbreak of public health emergencies and preventive or protective actions taken by governmental authorities may continue to have a material adverse effect on our and our customers and suppliers respective operations, including with respect to the potential for business shutdowns or disruptions. The extent to which these health emergencies, including COVID-19, may continue to adversely impact our business depends on future developments, which are highly uncertain and unpredictable, depending upon the severity and duration of the emergency and the effectiveness of actions taken globally to contain or mitigate its effects. Future financial impact cannot be estimated reasonably at this time, but may materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, including the carrying value of certain of our assets, and cash flows. Even after public health emergencies have subsided, we may experience materially adverse impacts to our business due to any resulting economic recession or depression and demand for our products and services. Additionally, concerns over the economic impact of public health emergencies have caused extreme volatility in financial and other capital markets which has and may in the future adversely impact our stock price and our ability to access capital markets including to refinance existing obligations. To the extent public health emergencies adversely affect our business and financial results, they may also have the effect of exacerbating many of the other risks described herein or other risks 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial. Risks Related to the Industries we Serve We are substantially dependent on the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries. Our revenues depend greatly on the expenditures made by pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies in research and development, including their decisions to outsource drug development services to providers like us, rather than handling such services in-house. In some instances, companies in these industries are reliant on their ability to raise capital in order to fund their research and development projects and to compensate us for services rendered. Fluctuations in the research and development budgets of researchers and their organizations could have a significant effect on the demand for our products and services. Research and development budgets fluctuate due to changes in available resources, mergers of pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, spending priorities and institutional budgetary policies, among other reasons. Accordingly, economic factors and industry trends that affect our clients in these industries also affect our business. Our ability to continue to grow and win new business depends in large part upon the ability and willingness of the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries to continue to spend on research and development and to purchase the products and outsource the services we provide. If companies in these industries were to reduce the number or scope of research and development projects they conduct or outsource, our business could be materially adversely affected. Risks Related to our Operations We rely on a limited number of key clients, the importance of which may vary dramatically from year to year, and a loss of one or more of these key clients may adversely affect our operating results. One client related to the RMS segment accounted for approximately 28.2 of our total revenue during the fiscal year 2022. Five clients of the DSA segment in the aggregate accounted for approximately 7.2 and 20.5 of our total revenue during fiscal years 2022 and 2021, respectively. The loss of a significant amount of business from one or more of our major clients would materially and adversely affect our results of operations until such time, if ever, as we are able to replace the lost business. Significant clients or projects in any one period may not continue to be significant clients or projects in other periods. In any given year, there is a possibility that a single client may account for a significant percentage of our total revenue or that our business may depend on one or more large projects. Since we do not have long-term contracts with most of our clients, the importance of a single client may vary dramatically from year to year as projects end and new projects begin. To the extent that we are meaningfully dependent on any single client, we are indirectly subject to risks related to that client, including if such risks impede the client s ability to stay in business or otherwise to make timely payments to us. We operate in a highly competitive industry. The CRO services industry is highly competitive. We often compete for business not only with other CROs, but also with internal discovery and development departments within our client companies. Several of our competitors have significantly greater financial, marketing, technical or other resources and a larger global footprint than we have. The industry has historically been diverse with more than 1,000 CROs around the globe, ranging from small, regional niche laboratories up to global comprehensive service providers with tens of thousands of employees. The CRO industry has experienced consolidation in recent years. This trend is likely to produce more competition among the larger companies for both clients and acquisition candidates. Offshore CROs have provided increasing competitive pressures, although we believe the pandemic and other factors have made Asian CROs a less attractive option for many western clients. The RMS industry is highly competitive. Competition ranges from academics and large biopharmaceutical companies, that derive and maintain their own rodent colonies, to commercial competitors that may offer a similar or overlapping range of products and/or services. Some of these competitors have greater capital, technical and other resources than we have, while other competitors that are smaller specialized companies might compete effectively against us based on price and their concentrated size and focus. If we do not compete successfully, our business will suffer. Increased competition might lead to price and other concessions that could adversely affect our operating results. 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 The majority of our clients contracts and orders can be terminated upon short notice. Most of our contracts for CRO services are terminable by the client upon 30 days notice and these clients terminate or delay their contracts for a variety of reasons. Further, in general, our customers order research models on an as-needed basis. The size and frequency of those orders can be reduced or eliminated with little or no notice. Customer contracts and orders may be negatively impacted for various reasons, including: products being tested fail to satisfy safety requirements; products having undesired clinical results; the client deciding to forego a particular study; inability to enroll enough patients in the study; inability to recruit enough investigators; loss of funding for the particular research study or program; production problems causing shortages of the drug; inability to secure research models relevant to the studies; and actions by regulatory authorities. Although our CRO contracts frequently entitle us to receive the costs of winding down the terminated projects, as well as all fees earned by us up to the time of termination, and some of our contracts entitle us to a termination fee, the loss, reduction in scope or delay of a large contract or order, or the loss or delay of multiple contracts or orders, could materially adversely affect our business. We may bear financial risk if we underprice our contracts or overrun cost estimates. Since some of our contracts are structured as fixed price or fee-for-service, we bear the financial risk if we initially underprice our contracts or otherwise overrun our cost estimates. Significant underpricing or cost overruns could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. Providing CRO services creates a risk of liability. We could be held liable for errors and omissions in connection with the services we perform. In certain circumstances, we seek to manage our liability risk through contractual provisions with clients requiring indemnification by the clients or coverage under the clients product liability insurance policies. The financial performance of our client indemnifying parties is not secured. Therefore, we bear the risk that the indemnifying party may not have the financial ability, or may otherwise fail, to fulfill its indemnification obligations or that the liability could exceed the amount of applicable client insurance, if any. In the event that we are unable to reach indemnification or insurance coverage arrangements with our clients to appropriately cover our potential losses, our insurance coverage may not adequately cover such losses. Relevant insurance coverage may also not always be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. Our business uses biological and hazardous materials, which could injure people or violate laws, resulting in liability that could adversely impact our financial condition and business. 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 Our activities involve the controlled use of potentially harmful biological materials, as well as hazardous materials, chemicals and various radioactive compounds. We cannot completely eliminate the risk of accidental contamination or injury from the use, storage, handling or disposal of these materials. In the event of contamination or injury, we could be held liable for damages that result, and any liability could exceed our insurance coverage and ability to pay. Any contamination or injury could also damage our reputation, which is critical to obtaining new business. In addition, we are subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations governing the use, storage, handling and disposal of these materials and specified waste products. The cost of compliance with these laws and regulations is significant and if changes are made to impose additional requirements, these costs could increase and have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. Our animal populations may suffer diseases that can damage our inventory, harm our reputation, result in decreased sales of our services or research products or result in other liability. It is important that our animal populations be free of diseases, including infectious diseases. The presence and prevalence of diseases can distort or compromise the quality of research results, can cause substantial loss of animals in our inventory, can result in harm to humans or outside animal populations if the disease is not contained to animals in inventory, or can result in other losses. These risks may differ substantially according to species. In rodents, most infections are without any apparent clinical signs and therefore pose a risk to the scientific quality of the research performed on the animals rather than to humans. The same applies to primates, where all animals are serologically tested for specific diseases in our facilities and at our suppliers. The main concern in this species is the potential for zoonotic infectious disease-causing harm to humans. We seek to minimize the risk of these species being infected by stringent biohazard management protocols and health monitoring programs in place in our facilities. Nevertheless, we have in the past suffered disease in our animal populations and may suffer outbreaks in the future. If disease or contamination occurs in our animal population, it typically requires remediation and cleanup activities that are costly and time consuming. In certain circumstances, it can require the temporary or permanent closure of an affected facility. We have experienced such closures in the past and may do so again in the future. Any significant disease outbreak has the potential to harm our reputation or have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. There is also the risk that disease from research models we produce may affect our customers facilities and may result in an affected customer requesting compensation for damages. While we endeavor to include provisions in our sale and supply contracts which entitle us to be indemnified or entitle us to a limitation of liability, these provisions do not uniformly protect us against liability arising from certain of our own actions, such as negligence or misconduct. Moreover, in certain circumstances, we may agree to use contracts drafted by our customers, which may not contain clauses that indemnify us or limit our liability. We could be materially adversely affected if we were required to pay damages or bear the costs of defending any claim which is not covered by a contractual indemnification provision or in the event that a party who must indemnify us does not fulfill its indemnification obligations or which is beyond the level of our insurance coverage or for which insurance coverage is not available. There can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain insurance coverage on terms acceptable to us. Our DSA products component depends on our intellectual property. Our DSA products component depends, in part, on our ability to obtain patents in various jurisdictions on our current and future technologies and products, to defend our patents and protect our trade secrets and to operate without infringing on the proprietary rights of others. Our patents may be challenged by third parties and, if challenged, may not be held valid. In addition, technologies or products developed by us may be challenged by third parties owning relevant patent rights and, if challenged, could be found to infringe on those patent rights. The expense involved in patent litigation can be significant, even where challenges may lack merit. We also rely on unpatented proprietary technology, which subjects us to risk that others may independently develop or obtain similar products or technologies. 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 New technologies may be developed, validated and increasingly used in biomedical research that could reduce demand for some of our products and services. For many years, groups within the scientific and research communities have attempted to develop models, methods and systems that would replace or supplement the use of living animals as test subjects in biomedical research. In addition, technological improvements to existing or new processes, such as imaging and biomarker technology, could result in a refinement in the number of animal research models necessary to conduct the required research. Alternative research methods could decrease the need for research models, and we may not be able to develop new products effectively or in a timely manner to replace any lost sales. In addition, other companies or entities may develop research models with characteristics different than the ones that we produce, and which may be viewed as more desirable by our customers. Our non-U.S. locations account for a significant percentage of our revenues, exposing us to risks associated with operating internationally. During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022, 13.8 of our revenues were generated by our facilities outside the U.S. As a result of these sales from foreign entities and facilities located outside the U.S., our operations are subject to a variety of risks unique to international operations, including the following: exposure to local economic conditions; currency exchange rate and interest rate fluctuations; differences and changes in tax laws; potential restrictions on the transfer of funds; differences in regulatory requirements; exposure to liabilities under the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act or the U.K. Antibribery Act; government imposed investment and other restrictions or requirements; failure to comply with new and evolving regulations, such as the EU General Data Protection Regulations GDPR exposure to local social unrest, including any resulting acts of war, terrorism or similar events; exposure to local public health issues and the resulting impact on economic and political conditions; difficulty enforcing agreements and collecting receivables through certain legal systems; a more expansive legal rights of employees, including specifically those applicable to our European operations; variations in protection of intellectual property and other legal rights; and export and import and trade restrictions (such as antidumping duties, tariffs or embargoes). 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 Failure to manage our growth effectively could cause our business to suffer and have an adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. We have experienced significant growth in a short period of time, including as a result of the Envigo Acquisition. To manage our growth effectively, we must continually evaluate and evolve our organization. We must also manage our employees, operations, finances, technology and development and capital investments efficiently. Our efficiency, productivity and the quality of our products and services may be adversely impacted if we do not train our new personnel quickly and effectively, or if we fail to appropriately coordinate across our organization. Additionally, our rapid growth may place a strain on our resources, infrastructure and ability to maintain the quality of our products and services. You should not consider our revenue growth and levels of profitability in recent periods as indicative of future performance. In future periods, our revenue or profitability could decline or grow more slowly than we expect. Failure to manage our growth effectively could cause our business to suffer and have an adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. Some of our customers depend on government funding of research and development and a reduction in that funding may adversely affect our business. A significant portion of sales are derived from customers at academic institutions and research laboratories whose funding is partially dependent on funding from government sources, including the NIH and U.K./E.U. equivalents. Such funding can be difficult to forecast as it may be subject to the political process. Our sales may be adversely affected if our customers delay purchases as a result of uncertainties surrounding the approval of government budget proposals. There can be no certainty that government research funding that is approved will be directed towards projects and studies that require use of our products and services. A reduction in government funding for the NIH or other government research agencies could adversely affect our business and our financial results. Risks Related to our Financial Activities We have experienced periods of losses and financial insecurity. Throughout our history we have experienced periods of financial losses and financial hardship. Our current efforts may not result in profitability, or if our efforts result in profits, such profits may not continue for any meaningful period of time. In order to finance various acquisitions and the expansion of several DSA and RMS facilities, we have significantly increased our leverage. Sustained losses may result in our inability to service our financial obligations as they come due, including the additional indebtedness we have incurred to support our growth initiatives, or to meaningfully invest in our business. We have incurred significant additional indebtedness during recent periods, which may impair our ability to raise further capital or impact our ability to service our debt. We have incurred significant additional indebtedness during recent periods, Our additional indebtedness may impair our ability to raise further capital, including to expand our business, pursue strategic investments, and take advantage of financing or other opportunities that we believe to be in the best interests of the Company and our shareholders. 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 Our ability to make scheduled payments of the principal of, to pay interest on or to refinance our indebtedness depends on our future performance, which is subject to economic, financial, competitive and other factors beyond our control. Our business may not continue to generate cash flow from operations in the future sufficient to service our debt and make necessary capital expenditures. If we are unable to generate such cash flow, we may be required to adopt one or more alternatives, such as selling assets, curtailing spend, restructuring debt, or obtaining additional equity capital on terms that may be onerous or highly dilutive. Our ability to refinance our indebtedness will depend on the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. Our additional indebtedness may also impact our ability to service our debt and to comply with financial covenants and the other terms of our relevant credit arrangements, in which case our lenders might pursue available remedies up to and including terminating our credit arrangements and foreclosing on available collateral. Our credit agreement contains covenants that restrict our business and financing activities. All of our assets secure our obligations under the credit agreement and may be subject to foreclosure. We are party to a Credit Agreement with Jefferies Finance LLC, as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto (as amended, the Credit Agreement ). The Credit Agreement contains various covenants, restrictions, and events of default. Among other things, these provisions require us to maintain certain financial ratios, including a secured leverage ratio and a fixed charge coverage ratio, and impose certain limits on our ability to engage in certain activities. The Third Amendment to the Credit Agreement that we entered into on January 9, 2023, imposes additional limitations on us through the date that we deliver financial statements for the quarter ending March 31, 2024, including restrictions on permitted asset sales, a prohibition on making permitted acquisitions, and significant limitations on the ability to incur additional debt, make investments and make restricted payments. Further during that time, we can only use borrowings under the revolving credit facility to fund operational expenses in the ordinary course. The restrictions in the Credit Agreement, including under the Third Amendment, impose operating and financial restrictions on us and may limit our ability to compete effectively, take advantage of new business opportunities, or take other actions that may be in our, or our shareholders , best interests. Further, various risks and uncertainties, including those arising as a result of the USAO-SDFL criminally charging employees of the Company s principal supplier of NHPs, along with two Cambodian government officials, may impact our ability to comply with our obligations under the Credit Agreement. Our obligations under the Credit Agreement are secured by all secured by all assets (other than certain excluded assets) of the Company and each of the subsidiary guarantors. Our inability to comply with any of the provisions of the Credit Agreement could result in a default under it. If such a default occurs, the lenders may elect to declare all borrowings outstanding, together with accrued interest and other fees, to be immediately due and payable, and they would have the right to terminate any commitments to provide further funds. If we are unable to repay outstanding borrowings when due, the lenders also have the right to proceed against the collateral. The occurrence of any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. Our failure to comply with the terms of our existing credit agreement could result in an event of default that could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. If there were an event of default under our existing credit agreement, all amounts outstanding under that agreement could be due and payable immediately, which may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. An event of default may occur should our assets or cash flow be insufficient to fully repay borrowings under our existing credit agreement, whether paid in the ordinary course or accelerated, or if we are unable to maintain compliance with relevant obligations thereunder, including financial and other covenants. Various risks and uncertainties, including those arising as a result of the USAO-SDFL criminally charging employees of the principal supplier of non-human primates to the Company, along with two Cambodian government officials. a, may impact our ability to comply with our obligations under the existing credit agreement. Should the pandemic or other factors continue to negatively impact our business, those developments might cause us to fail to comply with the covenants under our existing credit agreement. 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 In connection with our acquisition of Seventh Wave Laboratories, LLC s, Smithers Avanza s, Preclinical Research Service s, HistoTox Laboratories , Bolder BioPATH s, Plato s, Envigo s, ILS and OBRC s businesses and the expansion of several DSA and RMS facilities, we have significantly increased our level of indebtedness, as well as our ability to incur further indebtedness under relevant lines of credit. Our ability to service this indebtedness will depend, in part, on the success of our operations and our ability to generate sufficient cash flow therefrom. Our management has concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures and our internal control over financial reporting were not effective as of September 30, 2022 due to material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting. If we are unable to remediate these material weaknesses and maintain an effective system of disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results in a timely manner, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and materially and adversely affect our business and financial results. Management and the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors concluded that it was appropriate to restate the Company s previously issued unaudited interim financial statements included in the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2021, filed with the SEC on August 13, 2021, due to an error in accounting for certain tax attributes related to an acquisition completed by the Company in the third quarter of fiscal year 2021. As part of such process, we identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, solely related to our accounting for the tax impact of acquisitions that qualify as stock transactions for tax purposes. This material weakness remains unremediated as of September 30, 2022. In addition, our management concluded that we had the following additional material weaknesses as of September 30, 2022: Management did not design and maintain effective controls over information technology general controls for all applications that are relevant to the preparation of the consolidated financial statements throughout the year ended September 30, 2022, which resulted in ineffective business process controls (automated and information technology IT )-dependent manual controls) that could result in misstatements potentially impacting all of the financial statement accounts and disclosures. Specifically, management did not design and maintain: sufficient user access controls to ensure appropriate segregation of duties and adequately restrict user and privileged access to financial applications, programs and data to appropriate Company personnel; and program change management controls to ensure that IT program and data changes affecting financial information technology applications and underlying accounting records are authorized, tested, and implemented appropriately. Management did not have an adequate process in place to design and test the operating effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting in a timely manner or an adequate process in place to monitor and provide oversight over the completion of its assessment of internal control over financial reporting. As such, we determined that management did not effectively design and implement components of the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) to address all relevant risks of material misstatement, including elements of the control environment, information and communication, control activities and monitoring activities components, relating to: (i) providing sufficient and timely management oversight and ownership over the internal control evaluation process; (ii) hiring and training sufficient personnel to timely support the Company s internal control objectives; and (iii) performing timely monitoring and oversight to ascertain whether the components of internal control are present and functioning effectively. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected and corrected on a timely basis. Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and prevent fraud. We expect to take steps to remediate the material weaknesses, but there is no assurance that any remediation efforts will ultimately have the intended effects. 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 If we identify any new material weaknesses in the future, any such newly identified material weakness could limit our ability to prevent or detect a misstatement of our accounts or disclosures that could result in a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements. In such case, we may be unable to maintain compliance with securities law requirements regarding timely filing of periodic reports in addition to applicable stock exchange listing requirements, investors may lose confidence in our financial reporting and our stock price may decline as a result. We cannot assure you that the measures we have taken to date, or any measures we may take in the future, will be sufficient to avoid potential future material weaknesses. Risks Related to Regulation and Legal Matters Changes in government regulation or in practices relating to the pharmaceutical industry could change the demand for the services we provide. Governmental agencies throughout the world, but particularly in the United States, strictly regulate the drug development process. Our business involves helping pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies comply with the regulatory drug approval process. Changes in regulation, such as a relaxation in regulatory requirements or the introduction of simplified drug approval procedures, or an increase in regulatory requirements that we may have difficulty satisfying, or that make our services less competitive, could substantially change the demand for our services and products. Also, if governments increase efforts to contain drug costs and pharmaceutical and biotechnology company profits from new drugs, or if governments impose new regulatory requirements demanding restricted use of research models for biomedical research, our clients may spend less, or slow the pace of increased spending, on research and development. Any failure by us to comply with existing regulations could harm our reputation and operating results. Any failure on our part to comply with existing regulations could result in the termination of ongoing research or the disqualification of data for submission to regulatory authorities. For example, if we were to fail to properly monitor compliance with study protocols, the data collected could be disqualified. Under such circumstances, we may be contractually required to repeat a study at no further cost to the client, but at substantial cost to us. That development would harm our reputation, our prospects for future work and our operating results. Furthermore, the issuance of a notice from the FDA or the USDA, or other relevant authorities, based on a finding of a material violation by us of good clinical practice, good laboratory practice or good manufacturing practice requirements, animal welfare laws and regulations, or other applicable regulations could materially and adversely affect our business and financial performance. We are involved in legal proceedings that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We are involved in legal proceedings related to various matters, including employment and securities litigation, and may become involved in other legal proceedings that arise from time to time in the future. For example, as discussed further in Note 16 to our Consolidated Financial Statements, a putative securities class action and derivative securities lawsuits have been filed against the Company and certain officers and directors, alleging violations of the Exchange Act related to the Company s disclosures concerning its acquisitions of Envigo and OBRC and their regulatory compliance. Any claims against us, whether meritorious or not, can be time-consuming, result in costly litigation, be harmful to our reputation, require significant management attention, and divert significant resources. In addition, the expense of litigation and the timing of this expense from period to period are difficult to estimate and subject to change. Litigation and other claims are subject to inherent uncertainties and management s view of these matters may change in the future. Given the uncertain nature of legal proceedings generally, we are not able in all cases to estimate the amount or range of loss that could result from an unfavorable outcome. We could incur judgments or enter into settlements of claims that could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations in any particular period. 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 Privacy regulations could increase our costs or limit our services. U.S. Department of Health and Human Services regulations under the HIPAA demand compliance with patient privacy and confidentiality requirements. In addition, some state governments are considering more stringent regulations. The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), which became effective in May 2018, imposes heightened obligations on businesses that control and manage the personal data of U.K. and E.U. citizens. These and similar regulations might require us to increase our investment in security or limit the services we offer. We could be found liable if we fail to meet existing or proposed regulations on privacy and security of health information. We are subject to environmental, health and safety requirements and risks as a result of which we may incur significant costs, liabilities and obligations. We are subject to a variety of federal, state, local and foreign environmental laws, regulations, initiatives and permits that govern, among other things: the emission and discharge of materials, including greenhouse gases, in air, land and water; the remediation of soil, surface water and groundwater contamination; the generation, storage, handling, use, disposal and transportation of regulated materials and wastes, including biomedical and radioactive wastes; and health and safety. Failure to comply with these laws, regulations or permits could result in fines or sanctions, obligations to investigate or remediate existing or potential contamination, third-party property damage claims, personal injury claims, natural resource damages claims or modification or revocation of operating permits and may lead to temporary or permanent business interruptions. Pursuant to certain environmental laws, we may be held strictly, and under certain circumstances jointly and severally liable for costs of investigation and remediation of contaminated sites which we currently own or operate, or sites we or our predecessors have owned or operated in the past. Further, we could be held liable at sites where we have sent waste for disposal. Environmental laws, regulations and permits, and the enforcement thereof, change frequently and have tended to become more stringent over time. Compliance with the requirements of laws and regulations may increase capital costs and operating expenses or necessitate changes to our production processes. We use, and in the past have used, hazardous materials and generate, and in the past have generated, hazardous wastes. We cannot eliminate the risk of accidental contamination or injury from these materials. In the event of such an accident, we could be held liable for any resulting damages and incur liabilities which could exceed our resources. Our costs, liabilities and obligations relating to environmental matters may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, prospects, results of operations and cash flows. We are subject to inspections, investigations and enforcement actions by regulatory authorities, which could lead to penalties, including substantial fines, warning letters, a temporary restraining order or injunction, civil and/or criminal penalties, and/or license suspension or revocation. We are subject to periodic inspections by regulatory authorities, including the FDA, the USDA and the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service. As part of these inspections, the regulatory authorities seek to determine whether our facilities, operations and animal research model importation practices comply with applicable laws and regulations. Adverse findings as a result of these inspections could lead to enforcement actions, including substantial fines, warning letters that require corrective action (including potential facilities improvement requirements), revocation of approvals, exclusion from future participation in government healthcare programs, criminal prosecution and even the denial of the right to conduct business. Envigo s Cumberland, VA facility, which was closed as of September 30, 2022, had been the subject of inspections by the USDA, a search and seizure warrant executed by the U.S. Department of Justice (the DOJ and federal and state law enforcement agents, and a civil action by the DOJ that was subsequently settled with no finding of liability. Further, certain employees also received a grand jury subpoena requested by the U.S. Attorney s Office for the Western District of Virginia, and the Company has received additional subpoenas related to this matter. For further information on these and other actions, see Note 16 to the consolidated financial statements. 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 Inspections, investigations and/or other actions could result in penalties that could include a temporary restraining order or injunction, civil and/or criminal penalties, and/or license suspension or revocation. The imposition of any of these penalties or other restrictions on our business could adversely affect our business reputation and could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations and stock price. Risks Related to Research and Development Our future success depends on our ability to keep pace with rapid technological changes that could make our services and products less competitive or obsolete. The biotechnology, pharmaceutical and medical device industries generally, and contract research services more specifically, are subject to increasingly rapid technological changes. Our competitors or others might develop technologies, services or products that are more effective or commercially attractive than our current or future technologies, services or products, or that render our technologies, services or products less competitive or obsolete. If competitors introduce superior technologies, services or products and we cannot make enhancements to our counterparts to remain competitive, our competitive position, and in turn our business, revenues and financial condition, would be materially and adversely affected. Many of our competitors have superior financial and human resources deployed toward research and development efforts. Our relatively constrained financial and human resources may limit our ability to effectively keep pace with relevant technological changes. Actions of animal rights activists may affect our business. Products and services of the type we provide are required for the registration of pharmaceutical products under regulatory auspices in the United States, Europe and other countries. Many CROs, animal breeders, biopharmaceutical companies and other research organizations have been targeted by animal rights activists that oppose all testing on animals, for whatever purpose, including the animal testing activities in support of safety and efficacy testing for drug development. These groups, which include groups directed at the industry and us, have publicly stated that the goal of their campaign is to stop animal testing. Acts of vandalism and other acts by animal rights activists who object to the use of animals in product development could have a material adverse effect on our business. These groups have historically targeted CROs, animal breeders, academic institutions and biopharmaceutical companies, but also third parties that do business with those organizations, including customers, suppliers, advisors, financial advisors, lenders and investors. Risks Related to Technology and Cybersecurity We are at risk of cyber-attacks or other security breaches that could compromise sensitive business information, undermine our ability to operate effectively and expose us to liability, which could cause our business and reputation to suffer. Cyber-attacks or security breaches could compromise confidential client information, cause a disruption in our operations, harm our reputation and expose us to liability, which in turn could negatively impact our business and the value of our common shares. As a routine element of our business, we collect, analyze, and retain substantial amounts of data pertaining to the clinical and non-clinical studies we conduct for our clients. We also maintain other sensitive client information, information regarding intellectual property related to certain of our products and other business-critical information, including personally identifiable information of our employees. Our employees, some of whom have access to such information, have and will likely continue to receive phishing e-mails intended to trick recipients into surrendering their usernames and passwords and/or inadvertently installing malicious software onto their computers or networks they are connected to. We cannot completely protect against the possibility that sensitive information may be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen, via phishing attempts or other circumstances. 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 We utilize cybersecurity technologies, processes and practices which are designed to protect our networks, computers, programs and data from attack, damage or unauthorized access, but they may not be effective or work as designed. Our contracts with our clients typically contain provisions that require us to keep confidential the information generated from our studies. A cyber-attack could result in a breach of those provisions or other negative outcomes, including legal claims or proceedings, investigations, potential liabilities under laws that protect the privacy of personal information, delays and other impediments to our clients discovery and development efforts, ransomware demands and related delays, damage to our reputation and a negative impact on our financial results and the value of our common shares. Hardware or software failures, delays in the operations of our computer and communications systems or the failure to implement system enhancements could harm our business. We operate large and complex computer systems that contain significant amounts of client data. Our success depends on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of our computer and communications systems. A failure of our network or data gathering procedures could impede the processing of data, delivery of databases and services, client orders, product shipments and day-to-day management of our business and could result in the corruption or loss of data. While we have disaster recovery plans in place for our operations, they might not adequately protect us. Damage from fire, floods, hurricanes, power loss, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, break-ins and similar events at our facilities could result in interruptions in the flow of data to our servers and from our servers to our clients. In addition, any failure by our computer environment to provide our required data communications capacity could result in interruptions in our service. In the event of a delay in the delivery of data, we could be required to transfer our data collection operations to an alternative provider of server hosting services. Such a transfer could result in delays in our ability to deliver our products and services to our clients. Additionally, significant delays in the planned delivery of system enhancements, improvements and inadequate performance of the systems once they are completed could harm our business. Finally, long-term disruptions in our computer and communications infrastructure caused by events such as natural disasters, the outbreak of war, the escalation of hostilities and acts of terrorism, particularly involving cities in which we have offices, could adversely affect our businesses. Our property and business interruption insurance coverage might not be adequate to compensate us for all losses that may occur. Risks Related to Share Ownership Our share price could continue to be volatile and our trading volume may fluctuate substantially. The market price of our common shares has historically been and might continue to be volatile. Many factors may have a significant impact on the future price of our common shares, including: our failure to successfully implement our business objectives; our businesses, operations, results and prospects; changes in revenue or earnings estimates, or changes in recommendations by equity research analysts; compliance with ongoing regulatory requirements; market acceptance of our products; technological innovations, new commercial products or drug discovery efforts and preclinical and clinical activities by us or our competitors; changes in government regulations, taxes, legal proceedings and other developments; inspections, investigations and enforcement actions by regulatory authorities; negative information related to, or adverse regulatory or other actions against. our principal suppliers; pandemics, epidemics or other public health emergencies, such as COVID 19; general economic conditions, including changes in interest rates, and other external factors; 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 actual or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly financial and operating results and those of our competitors; announcements concerning us or our competitors; market conditions in CRO or research model industries; additions or departures of key management personnel; future mergers and strategic alliances; investor sentiment toward the stock of animal breeding companies; maintenance of acceptable credit ratings or credit quality; ability to fund future growth; the degree of trading liquidity in our common shares; and our ability to meet the minimum standards required for remaining listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market. Factors which may impact the price of our common shares include influences beyond our control, such as market conditions and changes in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries we serve. The stock market, and in particular the market for pharmaceutical and biotechnology company stocks, has experienced periods of significant price and volume fluctuations, including as a result of the COVID 19 pandemic and recent increases in interest rates and inflation. Volatility and valuation decline have affected the market prices of securities issued by many companies, often for reasons unrelated to their operating performance, and might adversely affect the price of our common shares. Following periods of volatility in the overall market and in the market price of a company s securities, securities class action litigation and derivative securities litigation have often been instituted against that company, as has been the case with us. Such occurrences of litigation could result in very substantial costs, divert management s attention and resources and harm our business, operating results and financial condition. Our principal shareholders and management own a significant percentage of our stock and will be able to exercise significant influence over matters subject to shareholder approval. As of December 30, 2022, our executive officers, directors and 5 shareholders beneficially owned approximately 22.2 of our outstanding shares of capital stock. In addition, as of December 30, 2022, our executive officers and directors held options to purchase an aggregate of 581,428 of our common shares at a weighted-average exercise price of 8.17 per share and an aggregate of 515,619 restricted stock units. Therefore, these shareholders will have the ability to influence us through this ownership position. The interests of this group of shareholders may not coincide with the interests of other shareholders. The resale of certain shares issued in the Envigo Acquisition and covered by a resale registration statement could adversely affect the market price of our common shares, which result could in turn negatively affect our ability to raise additional equity capital. 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 Pursuant to the Shareholders Agreement which we entered with certain former shareholders of Envigo in connection with the Envigo Acquisition, we filed a registration statement registering the resale of 6,964,728 of our common shares held by the shareholders who are parties to the Shareholders Agreement. The resale registration statement permits the resale of these shares at any time and without restriction. The sale, or availability for sale, of our common shares in the public market may adversely affect the prevailing market price of our common shares and may impair our ability to raise additional equity capital. The resale of a substantial number of our common shares in the public market could adversely affect the market price for our common shares and make it more difficult for you to sell our common shares at times and prices that you feel are appropriate. Furthermore, because there are a large number of shares registered pursuant to the resale registration statement, the selling shareholders named in such registration statement may continue to offer shares covered by the resale registration statement for a significant period of time, the precise duration of which cannot be predicted. Accordingly, the adverse market and price pressures resulting from an offering pursuant to the resale registration statement may continue for an extended period of time and continued negative pressure on the market price of our common shares could have a material adverse effect on our ability to raise additional equity capital. Anti-takeover provisions in our organizational documents and under Indiana law may discourage or prevent a change in control, even if a sale of us would benefit our shareholders, which could cause our stock price to decline and prevent attempts by shareholders to replace or remove our current management. Our Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation and Third Amended and Restated Bylaws contain provisions that may delay or prevent a change in control, discourage bids at a premium over the market price of our common shares, harm the market price of our common shares, and diminish the voting and other rights of the holders of our common shares. These provisions include: dividing our board of directors into three classes serving staggered three-year terms; authorizing our board of directors to issue preferred stock and additional common shares without shareholder approval; requiring one or more written demands signed and dated by holders of at least 25 of all the votes entitled to be cast on any issue proposed to be considered at a special meeting for shareholders to call a special meeting; prohibiting our shareholders from amending our Bylaws; and requiring advance notice for nominating directors at shareholders meetings. Our board of directors also has the ability to adopt a shareholder rights agreement, sometimes called a poison pill, providing for the issuance of a new series of preferred stock to holders of common shares. In the event of a takeover attempt, this preferred stock would give rights to holders of common shares (other than the potential acquirer) to buy additional common shares at a discount, leading to the dilution of the potential acquirer s stake. The board s ability to adopt a poison pill may discourage potential takeover offers, particularly by suitors the board may view as unfavorable transaction partners. As an Indiana corporation, we are governed by the Indiana Business Corporation Law (as amended from time to time, the IBCL ). Under specified circumstances, certain provisions of the IBCL related to control share acquisitions, business combinations, and constituent interests may delay, prevent, or make more difficult unsolicited acquisitions or changes of control. These provisions may also have the effect of preventing changes in our management. It is possible that these provisions could make it more difficult to accomplish Company transactions that shareholders might deem to be in their best interest. 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 If we are unable to maintain listing of our securities on The Nasdaq Capital Market or another reputable stock exchange, it may be more difficult for our shareholders to sell their securities. Nasdaq requires listed issuers to comply with certain standards in order to remain listed on its exchange. If, for any reason, Nasdaq should delist our securities from trading on its exchange and we are unable to obtain listing on another reputable national securities exchange, a reduction in some or all of the following may occur, each of which could materially adversely affect our shareholders: the liquidity of our common shares; the market price of our common shares; our ability to obtain financing for the continuation of our operations; the number of institutional and general investors that will consider investing in our common shares; the number of market makers in our common shares; the availability of information concerning the trading prices and volume of our common shares; and the number of broker-dealers willing to execute trades in our common shares. We have never paid cash dividends and currently do not intend to do so. We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our common shares. We currently plan to retain any earnings to finance the growth of our business rather than to pay cash dividends. Potential payments of any cash dividends in the future will depend on our financial condition, results of operations and capital requirements, limitations in our debt agreements, as well as other factors deemed relevant by our board of directors. Risks Related to our Merger and Acquisition Activities We have and may further expand our business through acquisitions, which exposes us to various risks. Our recent acquisitions pose certain incremental risks to the Company. We have recently completed several acquisitions and continue to review acquisition candidates as part of our continuing business strategy. Factors which may affect our ability to effectively pursue acquisition targets or to grow successfully through completed acquisitions, including our recent acquisitions, include: The inability of the Company to obtain financing for the acquisition of targets; Difficulties and expenses in connection with integrating acquired companies and achieving expected benefits, including as related to the integration of departments, accounting and other systems, technologies, books and records and procedures; Diversion of management s attention from daily operations to various integration activities; The potential for disruption of prior operations and plans; The risk that acquisitions could be dilutive to earnings, or in the event of acquisitions made through the issuance of our common shares to the shareholders of the acquired company, dilutive to the percentage ownership of our existing stockholders; The possibility that we may be adversely affected by risks facing the acquired companies, including potential losses resulting from undiscovered liabilities of acquired companies not covered by the indemnification we may obtain from the sellers; Risks associated with the assimilation and retention of employees, including key employees; The potential loss of, or adverse effects on, existing business relationships the acquired business has with suppliers and clients; 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 The potential need to address relevant internal control over financial reporting and disclosure control and procedures matters; Possible deficiencies in operational processes and procedures; Risks associated with carrying a relatively significant level of debt; and The ability of our management team to manage expanded operations to meet operational and financial expectations. We may need additional capital, and any additional capital we seek may not be available in the amount or at the time we need it. Successful execution of our growth plans will require that we have access to capital. Our expected financing needs are based upon management s estimates as to future revenue and expense. Our business plan and financing needs are subject to change based upon, among other factors, our ability to increase revenues and manage expenses and the timing and extent of our future capital expenditures and acquisition activity. If our estimates of our financing needs change, we may need additional capital more quickly than we expect or we may need a greater amount of capital. In general, additional capital may be raised through the sale of common shares, preferred equity or convertible debt securities, entry into debt facilities or other third-party funding arrangements. The sale of equity and convertible debt securities may result in dilution to our shareholders and those securities may have rights senior to those of our common shares. Agreements entered into in connection with such capital raising activities could contain covenants that would restrict our operations or require us to relinquish certain rights. Additional capital may not be available on reasonable terms, or at all. If we cannot timely raise any needed funds, we may be forced to reduce our operating expenses, which could adversely affect our ability to implement our long-term strategic roadmap and grow our business. The Company may fail to realize anticipated strategic and financial benefits from recent acquisitions. We may not realize all of the anticipated benefits of our recent business acquisitions. These acquisitions may not further our business strategy as we expect, we may fail to successfully integrate the acquired operations as planned or to realize the synergies and other benefits we expected from the acquisitions, we may experience unexpected adverse impacts on the acquired businesses, or we may otherwise not realize the expected return on our investments, any of which could adversely affect our business or operating results and potentially cause impairment to assets that we record as a part of the acquisitions, including intangible assets and goodwill. We may have difficulties managing the acquired businesses or retaining key personnel of the acquired companies. Our operating results or financial condition also may be adversely impacted by (i) claims or liabilities related to the acquired companies businesses including, among others, claims from U.S. regulatory or other governmental agencies, terminated employees, current or former customers or business partners, or other third parties; (ii) pre-existing contractual relationships of the acquired companies that we would not have otherwise entered into, the termination or modification of which may be costly or disruptive to our business; (iii) unfavorable accounting treatment as a result of the acquired companies practices; and (iv) intellectual property claims or disputes. Certain of the companies we have acquired were not required to maintain an internal control infrastructure that would meet the standards of a public company, including the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and we may acquire similar companies in the future. The costs to implement such controls and procedures may be substantial and we could encounter unexpected delays and challenges in this implementation. In addition, we may discover significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in the quality of an acquired company s financial and disclosure controls and procedures which could result in additional costs or adversely affect our business or operating results, and, as has occurred with us, the accounting for acquisitions can be complex and may lead to material weaknesses. For further information related to management s assessment of internal controls, refer to Item 9A within this Report. 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 Our due diligence of our recent or future acquisitions may not have identified all pertinent risks, or the full magnitude of such risks, which could materially affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. As part of our merger and acquisition due diligence, we utilize information provided by relevant sellers. As is true with any merger and acquisition transaction, we may not be aware of all liabilities, or the full magnitude of liabilities, of the acquired business at the time of acquisition. Potential incremental liabilities and additional risks and uncertainties related to our recent or future acquisitions not known or fully appreciated by us could negatively and materially impact our future business, financial condition and results of operations. General Risk Factors The loss of key personnel could adversely affect our business. Our success depends to a significant extent upon the efforts of our senior management team and other key personnel. The loss of the services of such personnel could adversely affect our business. Also, because of the nature of our business, our success depends upon our ability to attract, train, manage and retain qualified personnel. There is substantial competition for qualified personnel, and an inability to recruit or retain qualified personnel may impact our ability to grow our business and compete effectively in our industry. We rely on third parties for important services. We have historically depended on third parties to provide us with services critical to our business, including without limitation transportation services. The failure of third parties to adequately provide needed services or our determination to forgo non-critical services, could have a material adverse effect on our business. Unfavorable general economic conditions may materially adversely affect our business. While it is difficult for us to predict the impact of general economic conditions on our business, these conditions could reduce client demand for some of our products or services, which could cause our revenue to decline. Also, our clients, particularly smaller biotechnology companies which are especially reliant on the credit and capital markets, may not be able to obtain adequate access to credit or equity funding, which could affect their ability to timely pay us. Moreover, we rely on credit facilities to provide working capital to support our operations and regularly evaluate alternative financing sources. Changes in the commercial credit market or in the financial stability of our creditors may impact the ability of our creditors to provide additional financing. In addition, the financial condition of our credit facility providers, which is beyond our control, may adversely change. Any decrease in our access to borrowings under our credit facility or successor facilities (if any), tightening of lending standards and other changes to our sources of liquidity could adversely impact our ability to obtain the financing we need to continue operating our business in the current manner. For these reasons, among others, if economic conditions stagnate or decline, our operating results and financial condition could be adversely affected. ITEM 1B UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS There are no unresolved comments to be reported in response to Item 1B. ITEM 2 PROPERTIES We own or lease approximately 80 different facilities across seven countries, of which approximately 5 are in Israel, 20 are in the U.K. and Europe and approximately 75 are in the U.S. Our corporate headquarters is in West Lafayette, Indiana. We have one manufacturing location in Wisconsin and we maintain sales and administrative offices in the U.S. and in the U.K. We believe that our facilities are adequate for our current operations and that suitable additional space will be available if and when needed, including to the extent necessary to expand operations. 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 Pursuant to the Credit Agreement, as amended, all owned properties are provided as collateral. ITEM 3 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS Information pertaining to legal proceedings can be found in Note 16 - Contingencies to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Report and is incorporated herein by reference . ITEM 4 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. PART II ITEM 5 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Market Information Our common shares are traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol NOTV . Prior to March 22, 2021, our common shares traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol BASi . Shareholders As of December 30, 2022, there were 483 shareholders of record of our common shares. The number of shareholders of record is based upon the actual number of holders registered on the books of the company at such date and does not include holders of shares in street name or persons, partnerships, associations, corporations or other entities identified in security position listings maintained by depositories. Dividends We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our common shares. We currently intend to retain all future earnings for the operation and expansion of our business and, therefore, do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. The payment of dividends, if any, will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on our results of operations, capital requirements, financial condition, prospects, contractual arrangements, any limitations on payment of dividends in our debt agreements, and other factors that our Board of Directors may deem relevant. Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans The information required by this Item concerning equity compensation plans is incorporated herein by reference to Part III, Item 12 of this Report. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds On July 7, 2022, pursuant to an Stock Purchase Agreement among Inotiv, Inc., Protypia, Inc., and the stockholders of Protypia, Inc., the Company issued 74,997 common shares to the owners of Protypia, Inc. The shares were issued in reliance upon the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act as sales by an issuer not involving any public offering. ITEM 6 RESERVED 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 7 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and notes thereto included in this Report. In addition to the historical information contained herein, the discussions in this Report may contain forward-looking statements that may be affected by risks and uncertainties, including those discussed in Item 1A, Risk Factors. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements, as discussed in the section entitled Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements in this Report. References to fiscal years, years or portions of years in this Item refer to our fiscal year ended September 30, unless otherwise indicated. Recent Developments and Executive Summary During recent periods, we have undertaken significant internal and external growth initiatives. Our growth initiatives include (1) acquisitions, (2) expansion of existing and acquired businesses, and (3) startup of new services. Prior to fiscal year 2022, our growth initiatives focused on discovery and safety assement (DSA) services, and, as a result of our strategic acquisition of Envigo RMS Holding Corp. Envigo in November 2021, which added a complementary research model platform, our full spectrum solutions now span two segments: Discovery and Safety Assessment DSA and Research Models and Services RMS ). In addition to growth initiatives in fiscal year 2022, we have also announced site optimization plans in the U.S. and our intent to consult with employee respresentatives for a proposed consolidation of certain European and U.K. sites, in order to enhance margins. Acquisitions DSA We acquired the business of Seventh Wave Laboratories, LLC, in July 2018 (the Seventh Wave Acquisition ), acquired the toxicology business of Smithers Avanza on May 1, 2019 (the Smithers Avanza Acquisition ), acquired the preclinical testing business of Pre-Clinical Research Services, Inc. as well as related real property, on December 1, 2019 (the PCRS Acquisition ), acquired substantially all of the assets of HistoTox Labs, Inc. HistoTox Labs on April 30, 2021 (the HistoTox Acquisition ), acquired Bolder BioPATH, Inc. Bolder BioPATH on May 3, 2021 (the Bolder Merger ), acquired certain assets related to genetic toxicology services from BioReliance in July, 2021 (the BioReliance Acquisition ), and completed the purchase of all of the outstanding equity interests in Gateway Pharmacology Laboratories, LLC Gateway Laboratories on August 2, 2021 (the Gateway Acquisition ). During the twelve months ended September 30, 2022, we continued our momentum building Inotiv into a comprehensive provider of preclinical drug discovery and safety assessment services through our strategic acquisitions of Plato BioPharma, Inc. Plato ), Integrated Laboratory Systems, LLC ILS ), Histion, LLC Histion ), Protypia, Inc. Protypia and our collaboration with Synexa Life Sciences. Plato brings us important new in vivo pharmacology capabilities, ILS complements our BioReliance genetic toxicology assets and accelerates the buildout of our genetic toxicology offerings as well as expanding our general rodent toxicology capacity. In addition, ILS allows us to provide a computational toxicology service to provide predictive toxicology assessments. Histion accelerates our development and growth into the highly-specialized plastics and medical device histopathology business and Protypia enhances our ability to support clients in the development of safe and effective medicines, particularly in the areas of immuno-oncology and cell and gene therapy by bringing bioanalytical capability to solid tissue specimens. The partnership with Synexa Life Sciences enhances our large molecule bioanalysis and biomarker platform. Over the last few years, we ve significantly broadened and scaled our DSA business, enabling one-stop-shop preclinical programs and quicker speed to market, positioning Inotiv as a primary contract research provider for our growing client base. RMS 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 During the twelve months ended September 30, 2022 and following the Envigo acquisition, we took steps to leverage our existing RMS capacity with the acquisition of Robinson Services Inc. s RSI rabbit breeding business and we acquired Orient BioResource Center, Inc. OBRC ), which provided access to additional non-human primate facilities. In an environment during which global research model demand outstrips supply, these moves mitigate potential supply bottlenecks as we pursue a multitude of cross-selling and growth opportunities across our integrated services. Expansions of Existing and Acquired Businesses During the twelve months ended September 30, 2022, we initiated a facility expansion to our facility in Boulder, Colorado Boulder facility ), which was completed in December 2022, we invested in infrastructure, equipment and facility upgrades to increase revenue capacity at our facility in Morrisville, North Carolina Morrisville facility ), which was complete in December 2022; and we invested in a buildout of a newly leased 48,000 square foot facility in Rockville, Maryland Rockville facility to support biotherapeutics and genetic toxicology growth, which is expected to be complete by March 2023. In addition, we made significant investments in upgrading facilities and equipment across the facilities that serve the RMS segment in order to implement planned and proposed site optimizations and enhance animal welfare. Further, we have filled critical leadership and scientific positions. New Service Offerings We announced new service offerings which we are building internally and startup operations, including mechanistic pharmacology and toxicology, safety pharmacology, juvenile toxicology, SEND (Standard for the Exchange of Nonclinical Data) data reporting; clinical pathology; biotherapeutics; histopathology for devices; genetic toxicology; and cardiovascular safety pharmacology. In fiscal years 2022 and 2021, we incurred start up costs of 5.7 million and 1.5 million, respectively. Restructurings and Site Optimization Plans In addition to two sites that Envigo announced closing prior to our acquisition of Envigo, we announced in June 2022 that we were closing a purpose-bred canine facility in Cumberland, Virgina and a rodent breeding facility in Dublin, Virginia as part of restructuring activities. The rodent breeding operations were consolidated into an existing, recently renovated site . The Cumberland facility closure was completed in September 2022 and the Dublin facility closure was completed in November 2022. On November 29, 2022, the Company announced additional site consolidation plans in the U.S., intent to consult with employee representatives for a proposed consolidation of certain European and U.K. sites, and provided an update on site optimization plans in process. The site optimization plans are intended to allow us to reduce overhead and create efficiencies through scale. Over the last year, we have continued to improve our infrastructure and platform to support future growth and additional potential acquisitions. These improvements included investments in our information technology platforms, building program management functions to enhance management and communication with clients and multi-site programs, further enhancing client services and improving the client experience. We believe the actions taken and investments made in recent periods form a solid foundation upon which we can continue to build. FY 2022 Highlights Revenue grew to 547.7 million during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022 FY 2022 from 89.6 million during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021 FY 2021 ), driven by a 75.7 million rise in DSA revenue and 382.4 million of incremental revenue from our RMS business. Growth resulted primarily from acquisitions and growing customer demands along with favorable pricing. Consolidated net loss for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022 was (337.3) million, or (61.6) of total revenue, compared to consolidated net income of 10.9 million, or 12.2 of total revenue, in FY 2021. The FY 2022 consolidated net loss included a 236.0 million non-cash goodwill impairment charge; 23.0 million of post combination non-cash stock compensation expense relating to the adoption of the Envigo Equity Plan; and 56.7 million of fair value remeasurement of the embedded derivative component of the convertible notes issued in September 2021. 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 Book-to-bill ratio was 1.33x for the DSA services business. 
 Business Overview Inotiv is a leading contract research organization dedicated to providing nonclinical and analytical drug discovery and development services to the pharmaceutical and medical device industries and selling a range of research-quality animals and diets to the same industries as well as academia and government clients. Our products and services focus on bringing new drugs and medical devices through the discovery and preclinical phases of development, all while increasing efficiency, improving data, and reducing the cost of discovering and taking new drugs to market. Inotiv is committed to supporting discovery and development objectives as well as helping researchers realize the full potential of their critical research and development projects, all while working together to build a healthier and safer world. We are dedicated to practicing high standards of laboratory animal care and welfare. Through our DSA segment, we support the discovery, nonclinical development and clinical development needs of researchers and clinicians for primarily small molecule drug candidates, as well as biotherapeutics and biomedical devices. Our scientists have skills in analytical instrumentation development, chemistry, computer software development, histology, pathology, physiology, surgery, analytical chemistry, drug metabolism, pharmacokinetics, and toxicology to make the services and products we provide increasingly valuable to our current and potential clients. Our principal clients are companies whose scientists are engaged in analytical chemistry, drug safety evaluation, clinical trials, drug metabolism studies, pharmacokinetics and basic research from small start-up biotechnology companies to some of the largest global pharmaceutical companies. Through our RMS segment, we offer access to a wide range of high-quality small and large research models for basic research and drug discovery and development, as well as specialized models for specific diseases and therapeutic areas. We combine deep animal husbandry expertise and expanded access to scientists across the discovery and preclinical continuum, which reduces nonclinical lead times and provides enhanced project delivery. In conjunction with our contract research organization CRO business, we have the ability to run selected nonclinical studies directly on-site at closely located research model facilities and access to innovative genetically engineered models and services solutions. We have long-standing relationships with our principal clients, which include biopharmaceutical companies, CROs, and academic and government organizations. Overview of Financial Information Revenue for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022, increased to 547.7 million from 89.6 million in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021. Acquired businesses contributed approximately 317.2 million of the increased revenue, while the remainder was from organic growth. During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022, operating loss increased to (263.5) million from (5.6) million in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, most significantly driven by a non-cash goodwill impairment charge of 236.0 million related to our RMS segment and an increase of amortization of intangible assets to 30.9 million from 1.8 million in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021. Net loss attributable to common shareholders in fiscal year 2022 decreased to (337.0) million from net income of 10.9 million in fiscal year 2021 due to the increase in operating loss described above, as well as 56.7 million of fair value remeasurement on the embedded derivative component of the convertible notes issued in September 2021 and 23.0 million of post combination stock compensation expense relating to the adoption of the Envigo Equity Plan recognized in connection with the Envigo acquisition. During fiscal year 2022, our cash flows used in operations was 5.2 million compared to 10.7 million in cash flows provided by operations in fiscal year 2021. Refer to Liquidity and Capital Resources section for analysis of changes. As of September 30, 2022, the Company had 18.5 million in cash and cash equivalents, a 15.0 million balance on a 15.0 million revolving credit facility, and a 0 balance on a 35.0 million Delay Draw Term Loan Additional 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 DDTL ). The 35 million Additional DDTL was drawn on October 12, 2022, and a portion of the proceeds were used to repay the 15.0 million balance on the revolving credit facility while the remaining was drawn to fund some of the Company s capital expenditures in 2022 and those planned for 2023. Total debt, net of debt issuance costs, as of September 30, 2022 was 353.7 million, including the balance on the revolving credit facility. We were in compliance with our debt covenants as of September 30, 2022. For a detailed discussion of our revenue, operating loss, net loss/income and other financial results for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022, see Results of Operations below. Results of Operations The following table summarizes the consolidated statement of operations as a percentage of total revenues: 

Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2022 2021 Service revenue 37.1 95.8 Product revenue 62.9 4.2 Total revenue 100.0 100.0 Cost of services provided 1 64.4 66.7 Cost of products sold 1 75.4 58.0 Total cost of revenue 71.3 66.3 Operating expenses 76.8 39.9 Operating income (loss) (48.1) (6.3) Other expense (16.3) 13.1 Loss before income taxes (64.4) 6.8 Income tax (expense) benefit 2.8 5.3 Consolidated net (loss) income (61.6) 12.2 Note: Table may not foot due to rounding 1 Percentage of services and products revenue, respectively Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2022 Compared to Fiscal year ended September 30, 2021 (dollars in millions) 

Fiscal Years Ended September 30, 2022 2021 Change Services revenue 203.0 85.8 117.2 Products revenue 344.7 3.8 340.9 Total revenue 547.7 89.6 458.1 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 DSA 

(in millions, except percentages) Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2022 2021 Change Change Revenue 165.3 89.6 75.7 84.5 Cost of revenue 1 (105.9) (59.4) (46.5) 78.3 Operating expenses 2 (30.9) (14.2) (16.7) 117.6 Amortization of intangible assets (6.2) (1.8) (4.4) 244.4 Operating income (loss) 2, 3, 4 22.3 14.2 8.1 57.0 Operating income (loss) of total revenue 4.1 15.8 Operating income (loss) of segment revenue 13.5 15.8 1 Cost of revenue excludes amortization of intangible assets, which is separately stated 2 Operating expenses includes selling, general and administrative and other operating expenses 3 Goodwill impairment losses shown on the consolidated statement of operations only impact the RMS Segment 4 Table may not foot due to rounding DSA revenue increased 75.7 million for the twelve months ended September 30, 2022 compared to the twelve months ended September 30, 2021. Acquisitions added 26.1 million of incremental service revenue in excess of fiscal year 2021 service revenue from acquisitions based upon the baseline revenue prior to the acquisitions. Organic growth generated 49.6 million of DSA incremental service revenue during the twelve months ended September 30, 2022. Of the 165.3 million DSA revenue, the acquisitions of HistoTox Labs, Bolder BioPATH, Plato, ILS, and Protypia generated total separately identifiable revenue in fiscal year 2022 of 52.4 million. Upon acquisition, Gateway Laboratories and Histion were integrated into previously-existing entities. Therefore, revenue produced by these entities is not separately identifiable. In the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022, we experienced an increase in study cancellations in our DSA segment due primarily to compounds, which were not yet available for testing, and due to delayed studies as a result of lack of funding. When contracts are terminated, we are generally able to recover, at minimum, our invested costs. Despite an increased trend in cancellations, our flexibility has enabled us to replace the cancelled or postponed studies with studies from other clients. DSA operating income increased by 8.1 million in fiscal year 2022 compared to fiscal year 2021 primarily due to higher revenues as a result of acquisitions, favorable pricing and our investments in the DSA business designed to increase margins and capacity to enhance our ability to meet growing customer demand. Additionally, operating expenses, including selling, general and administrative and other operating expense, increased primarily due to increases in general and administrative expenses from the overall growth in the business as a result of acquisitions and internal growth, which included an increase of 4.2 million in startup costs compared to fiscal year 2021. Amortization of intangibles increased year over year primarily as a result of additional acquired intangible assets since September 30, 2021, as well as a full year impact of intangible assets acquired during fiscal year 2021. 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 RMS 

(in millions, except percentages) Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2022 Revenue 382.4 Cost of revenue 1 (284.6) Operating expenses 2 (26.4) Amortization of intangible assets (24.7) Goodwill impairment loss 3 (236.0) Operating income (loss) 2, 3, 4 (189.3) Operating income (loss) of total revenue (34.6) Operating income (loss) of segment revenue (49.5) Operating loss of segment revenue 1 Cost of revenue excludes amortization of intangible assets, which is separately stated 2 Operating expenses includes selling, general and administrative and other operating expenses 3 Goodwill impairment losses shown on the consolidated statement of operations only impact the RMS Segment 4 Table may not foot due to rounding RMS revenue was 382.4 million for the twelve months ended September 30, 2022. The acquisitions of Envigo, RSI and OBRC added 291.1 million of incremental acquisition revenue based upon the baseline revenue prior to the acquisitions, and internal growth generated 91.3 million of additional revenue in the RMS segment during fiscal year 2022. RMS revenue in the twelve months ended September 30, 2022 reflected one partial and three full quarters of contribution from Envigo, which was acquired on November 5, 2021, three full quarters of contribution from RSI, which was acquired on December 29, 2021, and one partial and two full quarters of contribution from OBRC, which was acquired on January 27, 2022. RMS operating loss was 189.3 million in fiscal year 2022. The loss includes non-cash charges for goodwill impairment of 236.0 million, 24.7 million intangible amortization related to intangible assets acquired through the acquisitions of Envigo, RSI and OBRC, 11.1 million of depreciation expense and 10.2 million amortization of inventory step-up related to inventory acquired through the acquisitions of Envigo and OBRC. The sustained reduction in our stock price caused the Company to evaluate the carrying value of our goodwill as of fiscal year end. As a result of our impairment assessment, the Company determined that the carrying amount of goodwill attributed to our RMS segment was in excess of its fair value. Additionally, the RMS segment results include restructuring costs of 8.6 million related to the closure of our Dublin facility and Cumberland facility Unallocated Corporate 

(in millions, except percentages) Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2022 2021 Change Change Operating expenses 1 (96.4) (19.8) (76.6) 386.9 Operating loss 2 (96.4) (19.8) (76.6) 386.9 Operating loss of total revenue (17.6) (22.1) 1 Operating expenses includes selling, general and administrative and other operating expenses 2 Table may not foot due to rounding Unallocated corporate costs consist of selling and general and administrative and other operating expenses that are not directly related or allocated to the reportable segments. The increase in unallocated corporate costs to 96.4 million, compared to 19.8 million in fiscal year 2021, was primarily related to increased costs associated with additional headcount, recruiting and relocation expense, higher compensation expense, acquisition and integration costs and post 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 combination stock compensation expense relating to the adoption of the Envigo Equity Plan recognized in connection with the Envigo acquisition of 23.0 million. Other Expense Other (expense) income decreased by 73.9 million for fiscal year 2022 compared to fiscal year 2021. The decrease is primarily due to the loss of (56.7) million in fiscal year 2022 of fair value remeasurement of the embedded derivative component of the convertible notes issued in September 2021 compared to the gain of 8.4 million in fiscal year 2021 of fair value remeasurement of the embedded derivative component of the convertible notes issued in September 2021. For additional information, see Capital Resources Convertible Senior Notes below. There was also an increase in interest expense of 28.0 million in fiscal year 2022 compared to fiscal year 2021 as a result of the increased debt balance as a result of the additional debt obtained in connection with the acquisitions of Envigo, ILS and OBRC. Income Taxes Our effective income tax rates for fiscal year 2022 and 2021 were 4.3 and (78.0) , respectively. The benefit recorded for each period was 15.2 million and 4.8 million, respectively. The benefit from income taxes for fiscal year 2022 primarily relates to deferred tax benefits on the pre-tax loss, off set primarily by the impact on tax expense of certain non-deductible permanent book to tax differences related to goodwill impairment, loss on fair value remeasurement of the embedded derivative component of the convertible notes, compensation, and other permanent items. The benefit from income taxes for fiscal year 2021 related primarily to a change in valuation allowance resulting from the Bolder BioPATH acquisition on May 3, 2021. Consolidated net (loss) income As a result of the above described factors, we had a consolidated net loss of 337.3 million for the twelve months ended September 30, 2022 as compared to consolidated net income of 10.9 million during the twelve months ended September 30, 2021. Liquidity and Capital Resources As of September 30, 2022, the Company has cash and cash equivalents of approximately 18.5 million. The Company experienced cash used from operating activities in fiscal 2022 which was primarily driven by an increase in working capital, more specifically an increase in inventory and prepaid deposits. These increases in working capital are driven by the timing of prepaid deposits for future NHP shipments, the shipment of NHPs and the collection of cash as it relates to the shipments to customers. The Company also announced the closure of two sites, Cumberland and Dublin, in fiscal 2022 which required additional operating cash outflows during fiscal 2022. Those sites were exited in September and December 2022, respectively. As such, the resulting operating efficiencies from those site closures will benefit fiscal 2023, as well as savings of the additional one-time cash outflows previously incurred to close the site. Additionally, the Company had 16.1 million of acquisition and integration costs incurred in fiscal 2022 as a result of the seven acquisitions that it closed during fiscal 2022. The Company currently does not have any significant acquisitions planned in fiscal 2023. For additional information regarding the Company s ongoing liquidity assessment, see Events Subsequent to September 30, 2022 Liquidity section below. Management believes its existing cash and cash equivalents, together with cash generated from operations, will be sufficient to fund its operations, satisfy its obligations, including cash outflows for planned targeted capital expenditures, and comply with minimum liquidity and financial covenant requirements under its debt covenants related to borrowings pursuant to its Senior Term Loan for at least the next twelve months. In order to achieve net positive operating cash flows, the Company believes it will need to continue to sell a majority of its existing Cambodian NHP inventory. See Note 7- Debt for further information about our existing credit facilities and requirements under its debt covenants. The 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 Company s liquidity needs thereafter will depend, among other things, on the timing of NHP shipments, its ability to import NHPs and its ability to generate cash from operations. Comparative Cash Flow Analysis As of September 30, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents, including restricted cash, of 19.0 million compared to 156.9 million as of September 30, 2021. As of September 30, 2022, we had a 15 million balance on our revolving credit facility. In addition, as of September 30, 2021, we had 5.0 million available on our general line of credit and 1.3 million available on our capex line of credit. Net cash used by operating activities was (5.2) million for the year ended September 30, 2022, compared to net cash provided by operating activities of 10.7 million for the year ended September 30, 2021. Contributing factors to our cash used by operations for fiscal year ended September 30, 2022 were consolidated net loss of (337.3) million, noncash charges of 236.0 million for goodwill impairment loss, 56.7 million for loss on fair value remeasurement of embedded derivative, 49.3 million for depreciation and amortization, 24.2 million for stock compensation expense, 10.2 million for amortization of inventory fair value step-up, 5.3 million of non-cash interest and accretion expense, and 8.5 million for other non-cash operating charges, partially offset by (17.8) million for changes in deferred taxes and (40.3) million for changes in operating assets and liabilities. Refer to the Statement of Cash Flows within this Report for further details of net cash used by operating activities. Investing activities used (333.7) million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022 compared to net cash used by investing activities of (54.1) million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021. Contributing factors to our cash used by investing activities for fiscal year ended were capital expenditures of (36.3) million, 0.3 million of proceeds from the sale of equipment and (297.7) million of cash paid in acquisitions, net of cash acquired. Capital expenditures for the DSA segment relate to infrastructure, equipment and facility upgrades to provide expanded capacity for our Boulder and Morrisville facilities, the buildout of our new Rockville facility to support biotherapeutics and genetic toxicology growth. Further, we made significant investments in upgrading facilities and equipment across the facilities that serve the RMS segment in order to implement planned and proposed site optimizations and enhance animal welfare. Financing activities provided 203.2 million during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022 compared to 198.8 million during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021. Contributing factors included 240.0 million in borrowings on senior term notes and delayed draw term loans, 34.0 million in borrowings on the revolving credit facility, partially offset by (36.8) million in payments of long-term debt related to the extinguishment of the FIB Term Loans, (19.0) million in payments on the revolving credit facility, (10.1) million in payments of debt issuance costs, (2.2) million in payments on promissory notes, (1.8) million in payments on senior term notes and delayed draw term loans and (1.1) of other financing activities, net. Capital Resources Credit Facility On November 5, 2021, the Company, certain of the subsidiaries of the Company (the Subsidiary Guarantors ), the lenders party thereto, and Jefferies Finance LLC, as administrative agent, entered into a Credit Agreement (the Credit Agreement ). The Credit Agreement provides for a term loan facility in the original principal amount of 165.0 million, a delayed draw term loan facility in the original principal amount of 35.0 million (available to be drawn up to 18 months from the date of the Credit Agreement), and a revolving credit facility in the original principal amount of 15.0 million. On November 5, 2021, the Company borrowed the full amount of the term loan facility, but did not borrow any amounts on the delayed draw term loan facility or the revolving credit facility. Prior to the Second Amendment and Third Amendment (as defined below), the Company may elect to borrow on each of the loan facilities at either an adjusted LIBOR rate of interest or an adjusted prime rate of interest. Adjusted LIBOR rate loans shall accrue interest at an annual rate equal to the LIBOR rate plus a margin of between 6.00 and 6.50 , 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 depending on the Company s then current Secured Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement). The LIBOR rate must be a minimum of 1.00 . The initial adjusted LIBOR rate of interest is the LIBOR rate plus 6.25 . Adjusted prime rate loans shall accrue interest at an annual rate equal to the prime rate plus a margin of between 5.00 and 5.50 , depending on the Company s then current Secured Leverage Ratio. The initial adjusted prime rate of interest is the prime rate plus 5.25 . Interest expense was accrued at an effective rate of 9.83 through September 30, 2022. The Company must pay (i) a fee based on a percentage per annum equal to 0.50 on the average daily undrawn portion of the commitments in respect of the revolving credit facility and (ii) a fee based on a percentage per annum equal to 1.00 on the average daily undrawn portion of the commitments in respect of the delayed draw loan facility. In each case, such fee shall be paid quarterly in arrears. Each of the term loan facility and delayed draw term loan facility require annual principal payments in an amount equal to 1.0 of their respective original principal amounts. The Company shall also repay the term loan facility on an annual basis in an amount equal to a percentage of its Excess Cash Flow (as defined in the Credit Agreement), which percentage will be determined by its then current Secured Leverage Ratio. Each of the loan facilities may be repaid at any time with premium or penalty. The Company is required to maintain an initial Secured Leverage Ratio of not more than 4.25 to 1.00. The maximum permitted Secured Leverage Ratio shall reduce to 3.75 to 1.00 beginning with the Company s fiscal quarter ending September 30, 2023 and to 3.00 to 1.00 beginning with the Company s fiscal quarter ending March 31, 2025. The Company is required to maintain a minimum Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement), which ratio shall be 1.00 to 1.00 during the first year of the Credit Agreement and shall be 1.10 to 1.00 from and after the Credit Agreement s first anniversary. Each of the loan facilities is secured by all assets (other than certain excluded assets) of the Company and each of the Subsidiary Guarantors. Repayment of each of the loan facilities is guaranteed by each of the Subsidiary Guarantors. Utilizing proceeds from the Credit Agreement on November 5, 2021, the Company repaid all indebtedness and terminated the credit agreement related to the First Internet Bank of Indiana FIB credit facility and recognized an 0.9 million loss on debt extinguishment. On January 7, 2022, the Company drew 35.0 million on the delayed draw term loan facility. The delayed draw term loan facility in the original principal amount of 35.0 million is referred to herein as the Initial DDTL . Amounts outstanding under the Initial DDTL accrue interest at an annual rate equal to the LIBOR rate plus a margin of between 6.00 and 6.50 , depending on the Company s then current Secured Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement). The initial adjusted LIBOR rate of interest is the LIBOR rate of 1.00 plus 6.25 for a total rate of 7.25 . Interest expense was accrued at an effective rate of 9.89 through September 30, 2022. As of September 30, 2022, the Company had an outstanding balance of 15.0 million on the revolving credit facility. First Amendment to Credit Agreement On January 27, 2022, the Company, Subsidiary Guarantors, the lenders party thereto, and Jefferies Finance LLC, as administrative agent, entered into a First Amendment (the Amendment to the existing Credit Agreement. The Amendment provides for, among other things, an increase to the existing term loan facility in the amount of 40.0 million (the Incremental Term Loans and a new delayed draw term loan facility in the original principal amount of 35.0 million, which amount is available to be drawn up to 24 months from the date of the Amendment (the DDTL ). The Incremental Term Loans and any amounts borrowed under the DDTL are referred to herein as the Additional Term Loans . On January 27, 2022, the Company borrowed the full amount of the Incremental Term Loans, but did not borrow any amounts under the DDTL. Amounts outstanding under the Additional Term Loans will accrue interest at an annual rate equal to the LIBOR rate plus a margin of between 6.00 and 6.50 , depending on the Company s then current Secured Leverage Ratio (as 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 defined in the Credit Agreement). The initial adjusted LIBOR rate of interest is the LIBOR rate of 1.00 plus 6.25 for a total rate of 7.25 . Actual interest accrued at 9.83 through September 30, 2022. . The Additional Term Loans require annual principal payments in an amount equal to 1.0 of the original principal amount. Voluntary prepayments of the Additional Term Loans will be subject to a 2 prepayment premium if made on or prior to November 5, 2022 and a 1 prepayment premium if made on or prior to November 5, 2023. Voluntary prepayments made after November 5, 2023 are not subject to a prepayment premium. Each of the Additional Term Loans require annual principal payments in an amount equal to 1.0 of its respective original principal amounts. The Company shall also repay the term loans on an annual basis in an amount equal to a percentage of its Excess Cash Flow (as defined in the Credit Agreement), which percentage will be determined by its then current Secured Leverage Ratio. The Additional Term Loans are secured by all assets (other than certain excluded assets) of the Company and each of the Subsidiary Guarantors. Repayment of the Additional Term Loans is guaranteed by each of the Subsidiary Guarantors. The Additional Term Loans will mature on November 5, 2026. 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 Long term debt as of September 30, 2022 and September 30, 2021 is detailed in the table below. 

As of: (in millions) September 30, 2022 September 30, 2021 FIB Term Loans 36.2 Seller Note Bolder BioPath 0.8 1.5 Seller Note Smithers Avanza 0.3 Seller Note Preclinical Research Services 0.6 0.7 Seller Note Plato BioPharma 1.5 Seller Payable - Orient BioResource Center 3.5 Seller Note Histion 0.4 Seller Note Protypia 0.6 Economic Injury Disaster Loan 0.1 Convertible Senior Notes 105.0 131.7 Term Loan Facility, Initial DDTL and Incremental Term Loans 238.2 350.7 170.3 Less: Current portion (8.0) (9.7) Less: Debt issue costs not amortized (12.0) (6.5) Total Long-term debt 330.7 154.1 Note: Table may not foot due to rounding Refer to Note 7 Debt for the combined aggregate amount of maturities over the next five years. Acquisition-related Debt In addition to the indebtedness under the Credit Agreement, certain of the Company s subsidiaries have issued unsecured notes as partial payment of the purchase prices of certain acquisitions as described herein. Each of these notes is subordinated to the indebtedness under the Credit Agreement. As part of the acquisition of Plato, which is a part of the Company s Inotiv Boulder subsidiary, Inotiv Boulder, LLC, the Company issued unsecured subordinated promissory notes payable to the former shareholders of Plato in an aggregate principal amount of 3.0 million. The promissory notes bear interest at a rate of 4.5 per annum, with monthly payments of principal and interest and a maturity date of June 1, 2023. As part of the acquisition of OBRC, the Company agreed to leave in place a payable owed by OBRC to the seller in the amount of 3.7 million, which the Company determined to have a fair value of 3.3 million as of January 27, 2022. The payable does not bear interest and is required to be paid to seller on the date that is 18 months after the closing date of January 27, 2022. The Company has the right to set off against the payable any amounts that become payable by the seller on account of indemnification obligations under the purchase agreement. As part of the acquisition of Histion, LLC Histion which is a part of the Company s subsidiary, Bronco Research Services, LLC, the Company issued unsecured subordinated promissory notes payable to the former shareholders of Histion in an aggregate principal amount of 0.4 million. The promissory notes bear interest at a rate of 4.5 per annum, with monthly payments of principal and interest and a maturity date of April 1, 2025. As part of the acquisition of Protypia, Inc. Protypia ), the Company issued unsecured subordinated promissory notes payable to the former shareholders of Protypia in an aggregate principal amount of 0.6 million. The promissory notes bear interest at a rate of 4.5 per annum, with monthly payments of principal and interest and a maturity date of January 7, 2024. Convertible Senior Notes On September 27, 2021, the Company issued 140.0 million principal amount of its 3.25 Convertible Senior Notes due 2027 (the Notes ). The Notes were issued pursuant to, and are governed by, an indenture, dated as of September 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 27, 2021, among the Company, the Company s wholly owned subsidiary, BAS Evansville, Inc., as guarantor (the Guarantor ), and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (the Indenture ). Pursuant to the purchase agreement between the Company and the initial purchaser of the Notes, the Company granted the initial purchaser an option to purchase, for settlement within a period of 13 days from, and including, the date the Notes were first issued, up to an additional 15.0 million principal amount of the Notes. The Notes issued on September 27, 2021 included 15,000 principal amount of the Notes issued pursuant to the full exercise by the initial purchaser of such option. The Company used the net proceeds from the offering of the Notes, together with borrowings under a new senior secured term loan facility, to fund the cash portion of the purchase price of the Envigo acquisition and related fees and expenses. The Notes are the Company s senior, unsecured obligations and are (i) equal in right of payment with the Company s existing and future senior, unsecured indebtedness; (ii) senior in right of payment to the Company s existing and future indebtedness that is expressly subordinated to the Notes; (iii) effectively subordinated to the Company s existing and future secured indebtedness, to the extent of the value of the collateral securing that indebtedness; and (iv) structurally subordinated to all existing and future indebtedness and other liabilities, including trade payables, and (to the extent the Company is not a holder thereof) preferred equity, if any, of the Company s non-guarantor subsidiaries. The Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, on a senior, unsecured basis, by the Guarantor. The Notes accrue interest at a rate of 3.25 per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears on April 15 and October 15 of each year, beginning on April 15, 2022. The Notes will mature on October 15, 2027, unless earlier repurchased, redeemed or converted. Before April 15, 2027, noteholders have the right to convert their Notes only upon the occurrence of certain events. From and after April 15, 2027, noteholders may convert their Notes at any time at their election until the close of business on the scheduled trading day immediately before the maturity date. The Company will settle conversions by paying or delivering, as applicable, cash, its common shares or a combination of cash and its common shares, at the Company s election. The initial conversion rate is 21.7162 common shares per 1 thousand principal amount of Notes, which represents an initial conversion price of approximately 46.05 per common share. The conversion rate and conversion price are subject to customary adjustments upon the occurrence of certain events. In addition, if certain corporate events that constitute a Make-Whole Fundamental Change (as defined in the Indenture) occur, then the conversion rate will, in certain circumstances, be increased for a specified period of time. As of September 30, 2022 and 2021, there are 5,060 and 5,909 in unamortized debt issuance costs related to the Convertible Senior Notes, respectively. For the year ended September 30, 2022, the total interest expense was 10,624, including coupon interest expense of 4,613, accretion expense of 5,162, and the amortization of debt discount and issuance costs of 849. The Notes are redeemable, in whole and not in part, at the Company s option at any time on or after October 15, 2024 and on or before the 40th scheduled trading day immediately before the maturity date, but only if the last reported sale price per common share of the Company exceeds 130 of the conversion price on (i) each of at least 20 trading days, whether or not consecutive, during the 30 consecutive trading days ending on, and including, the trading day immediately before the date the Company sends the related redemption notice; and (ii) the trading day immediately before the date the Company sends such notice. The redemption price is a cash amount equal to the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date. In addition, calling the Notes for redemption pursuant to the provisions described in this paragraph will constitute a Make-Whole Fundamental Change, which will result in an increase to the conversion rate in certain circumstances for a specified period of time. If certain corporate events that constitute a Fundamental Change (as defined in the Indenture) occur, then noteholders may require the Company to repurchase their Notes at a cash repurchase price equal to the principal amount of the Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the Fundamental Change repurchase date. The definition of Fundamental Change includes certain business combination transactions involving the Company and certain de-listing events with respect to the Company s common shares. The Notes have customary provisions relating to the occurrence of Events of Default (as defined in the Indenture), which include the following: (i) certain payment defaults on the Notes (which, in the case of a default in the payment of interest on the Notes, are subject to a 30-day cure period); (ii) the Company s failure to send certain notices under the Indenture within specified periods of time; (iii) the failure by the Company or the Guarantor to comply with 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 certain covenants in the Indenture relating to the ability of the Company or the Guarantor to consolidate with or merge with or into, or sell, lease or otherwise transfer, in one transaction or a series of transactions, all or substantially all of the assets of the Company or the Guarantor, as applicable, and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to another person; (iv) a default by the Company or the Guarantor in its other obligations or agreements under the Indenture or the Notes if such default is not cured or waived within 60 days after notice is given in accordance with the Indenture; (v) certain defaults by the Company, the Guarantor or any of their respective subsidiaries with respect to indebtedness for borrowed money of at least 20.0 million; (vi) the rendering of certain judgments against the Company, the Guarantor or any of their respective subsidiaries for the payment of at least 20.0 million, where such judgments are not discharged or stayed within 60 days after the date on which the right to appeal has expired or on which all rights to appeal have been extinguished; (vii) certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency and reorganization involving the Company, the Guarantor or any of their respective significant subsidiaries; and (viii) the guarantee of the Notes ceases to be in full force and effect (except as permitted by the Indenture) or the Guarantor denies or disaffirms its obligations under its guarantee of the Notes. If an Event of Default involving bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization events with respect to the Company or the Guarantor (and not solely with respect to a significant subsidiary of the Company or the Guarantor) occurs, then the principal amount of, and all accrued and unpaid interest on, all of the Notes then outstanding will immediately become due and payable without any further action or notice by any person. If any other Event of Default occurs and is continuing, then, the trustee, by notice to the Company, or noteholders of at least 25 of the aggregate principal amount of Notes then outstanding, by notice to the Company and the trustee, may declare the principal amount of, and all accrued and unpaid interest on, all of the Notes then outstanding to become due and payable immediately. However, notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may elect, at its option, that the sole remedy for an Event of Default relating to certain failures by the Company to comply with certain reporting covenants in the Indenture consists exclusively of the right of the noteholders to receive special interest on the Notes for up to 180 days at a specified rate per annum not exceeding 0.50 on the principal amount of the Notes. In accordance with ASC 815, at issuance, the Company evaluated the convertible feature of the Notes and determined it was required to be bifurcated as an embedded derivative and did not qualify for equity classification. The convertible feature of the Notes is subject to fair value remeasurement as of each balance sheet date or until it meets equity classification requirements and is valued utilizing Level 3 inputs as described below. The discount resulting from the initial fair value of the embedded derivative will be amortized to interest expense using the effective interest method. Non-cash interest expense during the period primarily related to this discount. In the first quarter of 2022, the Company adopted Accounting Standards Update ASU ASU 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40) ASU 2020-06 ). The update simplifies the accounting for convertible debt instruments and convertible preferred shares by reducing the number of accounting models and limiting the number of embedded conversion features separately recognized from the primary contract. As a result of the approval of the increase in authorized shares on November 4, 2021 (see Note 13 Equity), the Note conversion rights met all equity classification criteria in ASC 815. As a result, the derivative liability was remeasured as of November 4, 2021 and reclassified out of long-term liabilities and into additional paid-in capital. Based upon the above, the Company remeasured the fair value of the embedded derivative as of November 4, 2021 which resulted in a fair value measurement of 88.6 million and a loss on remeasurement included in other income (loss) for the twelve months ended September 30, 2022 of 56.7 million. The embedded derivative liability of 78.3 million was then reclassified to additional paid-in capital in accordance with ASC 815. Inflation We do not believe that inflation has had a material adverse effect on our business, operations or financial condition. Events Subsequent to September 30, 2022 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 On October 12, 2022, the Company borrowed the full amount of its existing 35.0 million delayed draw term loan facility under its credit agreement. A portion of the proceeds was used to repay the 15.0 million balance on the Company s revolving credit facility. On November 16, 2022, the Company became aware that the U.S. Attorney s Office for the Southern District of Florida has criminally charged employees of the principal supplier of NHPs to the Company, along with two Cambodian government officials, with conspiring to illegally import NHPs into the United States from December 2017 through January 2022 and in connection with seven specific imports between July 2018 and December 2021. Due to the allegations contained in the indictment involving the supplier and the Cambodian government officials, the Company believed that it was prudent, at the time and continuing as of the date of this release, to refrain from selling or delivering any of its Cambodian NHPs held in the U.S. until the Company s staff and external experts can evaluate what additionally could be done to satisfy itself that the NHPs in inventory from Cambodia can be reasonably determined to be purpose-bred. On November 29, 2022, the Company announced additional site consolidation plans in the U.S. and its intent to consult with employee representatives for a proposed consolidation of certain European and U.K. sites and provided an update on site optimization plans in process . On December 8, 2022, the Company announced the opening of the second phase of its lab facility in Rockville, MD, the scheduled opening date of January 2023 for its pathology campus and training center in Kalamazoo, MI, and the opening and occupancy of the site expansion at its facility in Boulder, CO. On December 12, 2022, the Company issued a press release discussing the impact of the Cambodian NHPs matters on its business, as well as the Company s perspective on the impact to the industry. On December 29, 2022, the Company entered into a Second Amendment to the Credit Agreement. Refer to Note 18 Subsequent Events for further detail. On January 9, 2023, the Company entered into a Third Amendment to the Credit Agreement. Refer to Note 18 Subsequent Events for further detail. 
 Temporarily Suspended or Limited Operations On November 16, 2022, the Company became aware that the U.S. Attorney s Office for the Southern District of Florida USAO-SDFL had criminally charged employees of the principal supplier of NHPs to the Company, along with two Cambodian government officials, with conspiring to illegally import NHPs into the U.S. from December 2017 through January 2022 and in connection with seven specific imports between July 2018 and December 2021. Also as previously disclosed, two of the Company s subsidiaries, Orient BioResource Center and Envigo Global Services, Inc., companies acquired by the Company on January 27, 2022 and November 5, 2021, respectively, had received grand jury subpoenas from USAO-SDFL requiring the production of documents and information related to their importation of NHPs into the U.S. The Company has been fully cooperating, and will continue to cooperate, with USAO-SDFL. The Company has not been directed to refrain from selling the Cambodian NHPs in its possession in the U.S. However, due to the allegations contained in the indictment involving the Supplier and the Cambodian government officials, the Company believed that it was prudent, at the time and through the date of its Annual Report on Form 10-K, to refrain from selling or delivering any of its Cambodian NHPs held in the U.S. until the Company s staff and external experts can evaluate what additionally could be done to satisfy itself that the NHPs in inventory from Cambodia can be reasonably determined to be purpose-bred. Historically, the Company has relied on the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora CITES documentation and related processes and procedures, including release of each import by U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service. The Company has continued to sell NHPs from other suppliers. The Company has shipments of its Cambodian NHP inventory scheduled, which will be resumed once existing inventory can be reasonably determined to be purpose-bred. 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 Of the Company s total revenue of 547.7 million in fiscal 2022, approximately 140 million was from NHPs that it had imported from Cambodia. Refer to the Liquidity section below and Note 18 Subsequent Events for further discussion of anticipated impacts. Liquidity As of September 30, 2022, the Company has cash and cash equivalents of approximately 18.5 million. The November 16, 2022 event and subsequent decision to refrain from selling or delivering Cambodian NHPs held in the U.S., triggered a material adverse event clause in our Credit Agreement discussed in Note 7 to these consolidated financial statements resulting in, among other things a limitation of our ability to draw on our revolving credit facility. The loss of access to our revolving credit facility and reduced liquidity resulting from the decision to refrain from selling Cambodian NHPs held in the U.S. resulted in reduced forecasted liquidity. As a result of these events, we took steps to improve our liquidity, which included negotiating an amendment to our Credit Agreement to reinstate our ability to borrow under our revolving credit facility. Without the amendment, the Company was at risk of not having the revolving credit facility available. During the three months ended December 31, 2022, the Company announced the completion of the closure of the Cumberland and Dublin, Virginia facilities and announced further intended site optimizations plans for 2023 and 2024, including two U.S. facilities, which have been approved, and two European facilities, which are subject to approval. Further, the Company has communicated price increases that will begin in January 2023. The Company also took steps in reducing our 2023 budgeted capital expenditures and certain forecasted expenses, including a reduction of nonessential travel and employee-related expenses among other efficiency-based reductions. As a result, the Company believes its existing cash and cash equivalents, together with cash generated from operations, will be sufficient to fund its operations, satisfy its obligations, including cash outflows for planned targeted capital expenditures, and comply with minimum liquidity and financial covenant requirements under its debt covenants related to borrowings pursuant to its Credit Agreement for at least the next twelve months. In order to achieve the forecasted operating cash flows, the Company believes it will need to begin shipping its existing Cambodian NHP inventory. See Note 7- Debt and Note 18 Subsequent Events for further information about the Company s existing credit facilities and requirements under its debt covenants. The Company s liquidity needs and compliance with covenants thereafter will depend, among other things, on the timing of NHP shipments and its ability to generate cash from operations. Critical Accounting Policies and Significant Judgments and Estimates Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Liquidity and Capital Resources is based upon our consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (U.S.). The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make certain estimates and assumptions that may affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reported periods and related disclosures. These estimates and assumptions are monitored and analyzed by us for changes in facts and circumstances, and material changes in these estimates could occur in the future. We base our estimates on our historical experience, trends in the industry, and various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from our estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We believe that the application of our accounting policies, each of which require significant judgments and estimates on the part of management, are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our reported financial results. Our significant accounting policies are more fully described in Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to our consolidated financial statements contained in Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We believe the following represent our critical accounting policies and estimates used in the preparation of our financial statements: 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 Revenue Recognition In accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC 606, the Company disaggregates its revenue from clients into two revenue streams, service revenue and product revenue. At contract inception the Company assesses the services promised in the contract with the clients to identify performance obligations in the arrangements. In accordance with ASC 606, the Company determines appropriate revenue recognition by completing the following steps: (i) identifiying the contract(s) with a customer; (ii) identifying the performance obligations in the contract; (iii) determining the transaction price; (iv) allocating of the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and (v) recognizing revenue when or as the Company satisfies a performance obligation. Service revenue DSA The Company enters into contracts with clients to provide drug discovery and development services. The Company also offers archive storage services to its clients. The Company s fixed fee arrangements may involve nonclinical research services (e.g., toxicology, pathology, pharmacology), bioanalytical, and pharmaceutical method development and validation, nonclinical research services and the analysis of bioanalytical and pharmaceutical samples. For bioanalytical and pharmaceutical method validation services and nonclinical research services, revenue is recognized over time using the input method based on the ratio of direct costs incurred to total estimated direct costs. For contracts that involve in-life study conduct, method development or the analysis of bioanalytical and pharmaceutical samples, revenue is recognized over time when samples are analyzed or when services are performed. In determining the appropriate amount of revenue to recognize over time, the Company forecasts remaining costs related to the contracts with customers. In order to forecast the remaining costs, the Company reviews the billings compared to original cost estimates, meets with project managers and updates cost estimates in relation to any scope changes requested by the client. The Company generally bills for services on a milestone basis. These contracts represent a single performance obligation and due to the Company s right to payment for work performed, revenue is recognized over time. Research services contract fees received upon acceptance are deferred until earned and classified within fees invoiced in advance on the consolidated balance sheets. Unbilled revenues represent revenues earned under contracts in advance of billings and classified within trade receivables and contract assets on the consolidated balance sheets. Our service contracts typically establish an fixed fee to be paid for identified services. In most cases, some percentage of the contract costs is paid in advance. While we are performing a contract, clients often adjust the scope of services to be provided based on interim project results. Fees are adjusted accordingly. Generally, our fee-for-service contracts are terminable by the client upon written notice of 30 days or less for a variety of reasons, including the client s decision to forego a particular study, the failure of product prototypes to satisfy safety requirements, and unexpected or undesired results of product testing. Cancellation or delay of ongoing contracts may result in fluctuations in our quarterly and annual results. We are generally able to recover, at minimum, our invested costs plus an appropriate margin when contracts are terminated. RMS The Company provides GEMS, which includes the performance of contract breeding and other services associated with genetically engineered models, client-owned animal colony care, and health monitoring and diagnostics services related to research models. For contracts that involve creation of a specific type of animal, revenue is recognized over time with each milestone as a separate performance obligation. The Company is due payment for work performed even if subsequent milestones are unable to be met. Contract breeding revenue and client-owned animal colony care revenue are recognized over time and are billed as per diems. Health monitoring revenue and diagnostic services revenue are recognized once the service is performed. 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 Product revenue DSA DSA product revenue includes internally-manufactured scientific instruments for life sciences research and the related software for use by pharmaceutical companies, universities, government research centers and medical research institutions under the Company s BASi product line. These products can be sold to multiple clients and have alternative use. Both the transaction sales price and shipping terms are agreed upon in the client order. For these products, all revenue is recognized at a point in time, generally when title of the product and control is transferred to the client based upon shipping terms. These arrangements typically include only one performance obligation. RMS Product revenue included research models, diets and bedding and bioproducts. Research models revenue represents the commercial production and sale of research models, principally purpose-bred rats and mice for use by researchers, and large-animal models. Diets and bedding revenue represents laboratory animal diets, bedding, and enrichment products under the Company s Teklad product line. Bioproducts revenue represents the sale of serum and plasma, whole blood, tissues, organs and glands, embryo culture serum and growth factors. Product revenue is recognized at the point in time when the Company s performance obligations with the applicable customers have been satisfied. Revenue is recorded at the transaction price, which is the amount of consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for transferring products to a customer. The performance obligations, including associated freight to deliver products, are met based agreed upon terms, which are generally upon delivery (destination point) and transfer of title. The Company determines the transaction price based on fixed consideration in its contractual agreements. In determining the transaction price, a significant financing component does not exist since the timing from when the Company delivers product to when the customers pay for the product is less than one year. Income Taxes The Company uses the asset and liability approach for financial accounting and reporting of income taxes. Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effect of temporary differences between the carrying amount of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Deferred taxes are measured using rates expected to apply to taxable income in years in which those temporary differences are expected to reverse. The effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. The Company recognizes deferred tax assets to the extent that it believes that these assets are more likely than not to be realized. In making such a determination, we consider all available positive and negative evidence, including future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, projected future taxable income, tax-planning strategies, and results of recent operations. If the Company determines that it would be able to realize its deferred tax assets in the future in excess of its net recorded amount, the Company would make an adjustment to the deferred tax asset valuation allowance, which would reduce the provision for income taxes. The Company uses a two-step process for the measurement of uncertain tax positions that have been taken or are expected to be taken in a tax return. The first step is a determination of whether the tax position should be recognized in the consolidated financial statements. The second step determines the measurement of the tax position. The Company records potential interest and penalties on uncertain tax positions as a component of income tax expense. As of November 5, 2021, with the acquisition of Envigo, the Company adopted an accounting policy regarding the treatment of taxes due on future inclusion of non-U.S. income in U.S. taxable income under the Global Intangible Low-Taxed Income provisions as a current period expense when incurred. 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 Goodwill and Intangible Assets We use assumptions and estimates in determining the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination. The determination of the fair value of intangible assets, which represent a significant portion of the purchase price in many of our acquisitions, requires the use of significant judgment with regard to the fair value. We utilize commonly accepted valuation techniques, such as the income, cost and market approaches, as appropriate, in establishing the fair value of intangible assets. Typically, key assumptions include projections of cash flows that arise from identifiable intangible assets of acquired businesses as well as discount rates based on an analysis of the weighted average cost of capital, adjusted for specific risks associated with the assets. Customer relationship intangible assets are the most significant identifiable definite-lived asset acquired. To determine the fair value of the acquired customer relationships, the Company typically utilizes the multiple period excess earnings model (a commonly accepted valuation technique), which relies on the following key assumptions: projections of cash flows from the acquired entities, which includes future revenue growth rates, operating income margins, and customer attrition rates; as well as discount rates based on an analysis of the acquired entities weighted average cost of capital. Goodwill represents the difference between the purchase price and the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed when accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting. Goodwill is not amortized, but reviewed for impairment on an annual basis, utilizing an assessment date of September 30th, or more frequently if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more-likely-than-not reduce the fair value of the Company s reporting units below their carrying amounts. The Company has the option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is necessary to perform the quantitative impairment test. If the Company elects this option and believes, as a result of the qualitative assessment, that it is more-likely-than-not that the carrying value of goodwill is not recoverable, the quantitative impairment test is required; otherwise, no further testing is required. Alternatively, the Company may elect to not first assess qualitative factors and immediately perform the quantitative impairment test. In the quantitative test, the Company compares the fair value of its reporting units to their carrying values. The estimated cash flows used to determine the fair value of the reporting units used in the impairment test requires significant judgment with respect to revenue growth, gross margin, EBITDA margin, and weighted average cost of capital. If the carrying values of the net assets assigned to the reporting units exceed the fair values of the reporting units an impairment loss equal to the difference would be recorded. See Note 6 for further discussion related to goodwill impairment charges during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022. Definite-lived intangible assets are amortized over the pattern in which the economic benefits of the intangible assets are utilized and qualitatively reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets or asset group may not be recoverable. If quantitative determination of recoverability is required, recoverability of assets to be held and used is determined by the Company at the level for which there are identifiable cash flows by comparison of the carrying amount of the assets to future undiscounted net cash flows before interest expense and income taxes expected to be generated by the assets. If the carrying amount exceeds the outcome of the analysis of undiscounted cash flows, impairment is measured through various valuation techniques including discounted cash flow models, quoted market values, and third-party independent appraisals, as considered necessary. In the event that such cash flows are not expected to be sufficient to recover the carrying amount of the definite-lived intangible assets, the definite-lived intangible assets are written-down to their fair values. Long-lived Tangible Assets Long-lived assets to be held and used are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets or asset group may not be recoverable. Determination of recoverability is based on an estimate of undiscounted future cash flows resulting from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. In the event that such cash flows are not expected to be sufficient to recover the carrying amount of the assets, the assets are written-down to their fair values. Long-lived assets to be disposed of are carried at fair value less costs to sell. 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 Fair Value of Financial Instruments The provisions of the Fair Value Measurements and Disclosure Topic defines fair value, establishes a consistent framework for measuring fair value and provides the disclosure requirements about fair value measurements. This Topic also establishes a hierarchy for inputs used in measuring fair value that maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs by requiring that the most observable inputs be used when available. Observable inputs are inputs that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability developed based on market data obtained from sources independent of the Company. Unobservable inputs are inputs that reflect the Company s judgment about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability based on the best information available in the circumstances. The hierarchy is broken down into three levels based on the inputs as follows: Level 1 Valuations based on quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets that the Company has the ability to access. Level 2 Valuations based on quoted prices in markets that are not active or for which all significant inputs are observable, either directly or indirectly. Level 3 Valuations based on inputs that are unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurement. 
 Pension Costs As a result of the Envigo acquisition, the Company has a defined benefit pension plan for one of its U.K. subsidiaries. The projected benefit obligation and funded position of the defined benefit plan is estimated by actuaries and the Company recognizes the funded status of its defined benefit plan on its consolidated balance sheets and recognizes gains, losses and prior service costs or credits that arise during the period that are not recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax. The Company measures plan assets and obligations as of the date of the Company s year-end consolidated balance sheet, using assumptions to anticipate future events. The expected return on plan assets is determined using the fair value or calculated value of plan assets. Additional information about certain effects on net periodic benefit cost for the next fiscal year that arise from delayed recognition of the gains or losses, prior service costs or credits, and transition assets or obligations are disclosed in the notes to the consolidated financial statements (see Note 9 Post-employment Benefits). Our significant accounting policies, including new accounting pronouncements, are described in more detail in Note 2 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in response to Item 8 of this Report. 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 7A QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK Interest Rate Risk We are exposed to changes in interest rates while conducting normal business operations as a result of ongoing financing activities. As of September 30, 2022, our debt portfolio was reliant on reference rates. Based on our interest rate exposure at September 30, 2022, assumed debt levels throughout the next 12 months, a one-percentage-point increase in interest rates would result in an estimated 2.4 million pre-tax reduction in net earnings over a one-year period. Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk We operate on a global basis and have exposure to some foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations for our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. While the financial results of our global activities are reported in U.S. dollars, our foreign subsidiaries typically conduct their operations in their respective local currency. The principal functional currencies of the Company s foreign subsidiaries are the Euro, British Pound and Israeli Shekel. Fluctuations in the foreign currency exchange rates of the countries in which we do business will affect our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. As the U.S. dollar strengthens against other currencies, the value of our non-U.S. revenue, expenses, assets, liabilities, and cash flows will generally decline when reported in U.S. dollars. The impact to net income as a result of a U.S. dollar strengthening will be partially mitigated by the value of non-U.S. expenses, which will decline when reported in U.S. dollars. As the U.S. dollar weakens versus other currencies, the value of the non-U.S. revenue, expenses, assets, liabilities, and cash flows will generally increase when reported in U.S. dollars. A hypothetical 10 change in the foreign exchange rates applicable to our business would change our September 30, 2022 cash balance by approximately 1.0 million and our revenue by approximately 7.6 million for the twelve months ended September 30, 2022. 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 8 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 63 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 66 Consolidated Financial Statements of Inotiv, Inc. Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2022 and 2021 67 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Fiscal Years Ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 68 Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive (Loss) Income for the Fiscal Years Ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 69 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for the Fiscal Years Ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 70 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Fiscal Years Ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 71 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 72 1. DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS 72 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 73 3. BUSINESS COMBINATIONS 81 4. REVENUE FROM CONTRACTS WITH CUSTOMERS 93 5. SEGMENT AND GEOGRAPHIC INFORMATION 94 6. GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS 99 7. DEBT 101 8. SUPPLEMENTAL BALANCE SHEET INFORMATION 107 9. POST EMPLOYMENT BENEFITS 108 10. OTHER OPERATING EXPENSE 111 11. RESTRUCTURING COSTS 111 12. LEASES 112 13. STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY AND (LOSS) INCOME PER SHARE 114 14. STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION 115 15. INCOME TAXES 119 16. CONTINGENCIES 121 17. RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS 123 18. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 124 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Inotiv, Inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Inotiv, Inc. (the Company) as of September 30, 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive (loss) income, shareholders equity and cash flows for the year ended September 30, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at September 30, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended September 30, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matters The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. Revenue recognition for Over Time Service Contracts Description of the matter For the year ended September 30, 2022, the Company recorded service revenue of 203.0 million. As described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company derives a portion of its revenues from service revenue contracts which include fixed fee arrangements. Certain of these service revenue contracts are recognized over time Over Time Service Revenue Contracts using the input method based on the ratio of direct costs incurred to date under the contract to total estimated direct costs expected to be incurred to complete the contract. 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 Auditing the revenue recognition related to Over Time Service Revenue Contracts can be challenging due to the judgment by management in determining the timing of recognition of revenue as services are provided, including the Company s estimate of expected costs to be incurred by completion of the contract. Auditing the estimate of expected costs involved a high degree of auditor judgment and increased audit effort due to the assessment of the current status of the contract and determination of the remaining cost to complete have on the amount of revenue recognized. How we addressed the matter in our audit Our audit procedures relating to management s estimates included, among others, selecting a sample of contracts and comparing the transaction prices to the consideration expected to be received based on current rights and obligations under the contracts and any contract modifications that were agreed upon with the customers. We tested costs incurred and applied to contracts for accuracy, existence, completeness, and proper classification. We evaluated the reasonableness of management s forecast of remaining costs for the selected contracts, which included understanding the current status of the contract, comparing current estimated costs to original estimates and corroborating our understanding of the status and remaining cost estimates of projects through discussions with project managers. Lastly, we evaluated the reasonableness of management s estimate by comparing final contract costs to cost estimates for historical in-process service contracts completed in the current year. Valuation of Intangible Assets Acquired in Envigo Business Combination Description of the matter As discussed in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company completed the acquisition of Envigo RMS Holding Corp. Envigo on November 5, 2021, for a purchase price of 674.6 million. The Company measured the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at fair value, which resulted in the recognition of 300.0 million of intangible assets, comprised of 251.0 million of customer relationships and 49.0 million of technology associated with the ability to produce and care for research models. Auditing the valuation of the acquired intangible assets was complex and required significant auditor judgment due to the high degree of subjectivity in evaluating certain assumptions required to estimate the fair values. In particular, the fair value measurement of customer relationships was sensitive to management s forecasts of revenue growth rates, gross margin, earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization EBITDA margin, customer survival rate, and discount rate used to estimate the discounted cash flows. The fair value measurement of the technology assets was sensitive to management s forecasts of revenue growth rates, royalty rates and discount rate used to estimate the discounted cash flows. How we addressed the matter in our audit To test the fair value estimates of the customer relationships and technology intangible assets, we performed audit procedures which included, among others, evaluating the prospective financial information PFI used in the valuation models, testing the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data and evaluating the Company s use of valuation methodologies. Our procedures to assess the PFI used in the valuation models, included evaluating the key assumptions discussed above, by comparing them to industry and economic trends and historical results of the acquired business. We performed sensitivity analyses to evaluate the impact of changes in the key assumptions to the valuation of the acquired intangible assets. We involved our valuation specialists to assist in our evaluation of the reasonableness of the significant assumptions used in the fair value estimates as well as to independently calculate fair value estimates for the acquired intangible assets to compare to the Company s recorded amounts. Lastly, we evaluated the appropriateness of the Company s related disclosures. Valuation of Goodwill RMS Reporting Unit 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 Description of the matter At September 30, 2022, the Company s goodwill was 157.8 million. As described in Notes 2 and 6 to the consolidated financial statements, goodwill is tested for impairment at least annually at the reporting unit level, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate the goodwill might be impaired. The Company performs its annual goodwill impairment testing on September 30 of each year. During the year, the Company recorded impairment of 236.0 related to its RMS reporting unit. Auditing management s annual goodwill impairment test for RMS was complex and required significant auditor judgment due to the significant estimation required to determine the fair value of the RMS reporting unit and sensitivity of the fair value estimate to the significant assumptions such as management s forecasts of revenue growth rates, gross margin, EBITDA margin and weighted average cost of capital, which are affected by expectations about future market or economic conditions. How we addressed the matter in our audit To test the fair value of the Company s RMS reporting unit, we performed audit procedures that included, among others, testing the significant assumptions discussed above and the underlying data used by the Company in its analysis. We compared the significant assumptions used by management to historical results, industry and economic trends, and assumptions used in other estimates. We assessed the historical accuracy of management s estimates and performed sensitivity analyses of significant assumptions to evaluate the changes in the fair value of the RMS reporting unit that would result from changes in the assumptions. In performing our testing, we utilized our valuation specialists to assist us in evaluating the reasonableness of the Company s significant assumptions. In addition, we tested management s reconciliation of the fair value of the RMS reporting unit and other reporting unit to the market capitalization of the Company. /s/ We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. January 12, 2023 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Shareholders and the Board of Directors Inotiv, Inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Inotiv, Inc. (the Company) as of September 30, 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements (collectively, the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of September 30, 2021, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ We served as the Company s auditor from 2013 to 2021. December 21, 2021 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 INOTIV, INC. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (In thousands, except share amounts) As of September 30, 2022 2021 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Trade receivables and contract assets, net of allowances for credit losses of and , respectively Inventories, net Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets, net Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Other assets Total assets Liabilities, shareholders equity and noncontrolling interest Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other liabilities Capex line of credit Revolving credit facility Fees invoiced in advance Current portion of long-term operating lease Current portion of long-term debt Total current liabilities Long-term operating leases, net Long-term debt, less current portion, net of debt issuance costs Other long-term liabilities Deferred tax liabilities, net Total liabilities Contingencies (Note 16) Shareholders equity and noncontrolling interest: Common shares, par value: Authorized shares at September 30, 2022 and shares at September 30, 2021; issued and outstanding at September 30, 2022 and at September 30, 2021 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) Total equity attributable to common shareholders Noncontrolling interest ) Total shareholders equity and noncontrolling interest Total liabilities and shareholders equity and noncontrolling interest 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. INOTIV, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (In thousands, except per share amounts) 

Fiscal Years Ended September 30, 2022 2021 Service revenue Product revenue Total revenue Costs and expenses: Cost of services provided (excluding amortization of intangible assets) Cost of products sold (excluding amortization of intangible assets) Selling General and administrative Amortization of intangible assets Other operating expense Goodwill impairment loss Operating loss ) ) Other (expense) income: Interest expense ) ) Other (expense) income ) (Loss) income before income taxes ) Income tax benefit Consolidated net (loss) income ) Less: Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests ) Net (loss) income attributable to common shareholders ) (Loss) income per common share Net (loss) income attributable to common shareholders: Basic ) Diluted ) Weighted-average number of common shares outstanding: Basic Diluted The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 INOTIV, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME (In thousands) 

Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2022 2021 Consolidated net (loss) income ) Foreign currency translation ) Defined benefit plans: Actuarial gains, net of tax Foreign currency translation ) Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) Consolidated comprehensive (loss) income ) Less: Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests ) Comprehensive (loss) income attributable to common stockholders ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 INOTIV, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (In thousands, except number of shares) Accumulated Additional Other Non- Total Preferred Shares Common Shares paid-in Accumulated Comprehensive Controlling shareholders Number Amount Number Amount capital deficit (Loss) Income Interests equity Balance at September 30, 2020 ) Consolidated net income Preferred stock conversion ) ) Stock issued in acquisition Stock based compensation Issuance of stock under employee stock plans Equity Raise, net of fees of Balance at September 30, 2021 ) Consolidated net loss ) ) Stock issued in acquisitions Noncontrolling interest related to Envigo acquisition ) ) Issuance of stock under employee stock plans Stock based compensation Actuarial gains (net of tax) Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Other Reclassification of convertible note embedded derivative to equity (Note 7) Balance at September 30, 2022 ) ) ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 INOTIV, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (In thousands) 

Fiscal Years Ended 2022 2021 Operating activities: Consolidated net (loss) income ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities, net of acquisitions: Depreciation and amortization Employee stock compensation expense Gain on tax benefit due to acquisitions ) Changes in deferred taxes ) Provision for doubtful accounts Amortization of debt issuance costs and original issue discount Noncash interest and accretion expense Loss (Gain) on fair value remeasurement of embedded derivative ) Other non-cash operating activities Goodwill impairment loss Loss on debt extinguishment Non-cash amortization of inventory fair value step-up Non-cash restructuring costs Financing lease interest expense Gain on extinguishment of PPP loan ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Trade receivables and contract assets ) ) Inventories ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) Operating lease right-of-use assets and liabilities, net ) Accounts payable ) Accrued expenses and other liabilities Fees invoiced in advance Other asset and liabilities, net Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities ) Investing activities: Capital expenditures ) ) Proceeds from sale of equipment Cash paid in acquisitions ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Financing activities: Payments on finance lease liability ) Payments of long-term debt ) ) Payments of debt issuance costs ) ) Payments on promissory notes ) Payments on revolving credit facility ) Payments on senior term notes and delayed draw term loans ) Borrowings on long-term loan Borrowings on convertible senior notes Borrowings on convertible senior notes, restricted cash Borrowings on revolving loan facility Borrowings on senior term notes and delayed draw term loans Proceeds from exercise of stock options Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net Repayment of PPP loan ) Borrowing on capex line of credit Other, net ) Net cash provided by financing activities Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of period Noncash financing activity: Seller financed acquisition Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid for interest Income taxes paid, net The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 INOTIV, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts, unless otherwise indicated) Cambodian government officials, with conspiring to illegally import NHPs into the U.S. from December 2017 through January 2022 and in connection with specific imports between July 2018 and December 2021 November 16, 2022 event ). Also as previously disclosed, two of the Company s subsidiaries, Orient BioResource Center and Envigo Global Services, Inc., companies acquired by the Company on January 27, 2022 and November 5, 2021, respectively, had received grand jury subpoenas from USAO-SDFL requiring the production of documents and information related to their importation of NHPs into the U.S. The Company has been fully cooperating, and will continue to cooperate, with USAO-SDFL. The Company has not been directed to refrain from selling the Cambodian NHPs in its possession in the U.S. However, due to the allegations contained in the indictment involving the Supplier and the Cambodian government officials, the Company believed that it was prudent, at the time and through the date of its Annual Report on Form 10-K, to refrain from selling or delivering any of its Cambodian NHPs held in the U.S. until the Company s staff and external experts can evaluate what additionally could be done to satisfy itself that the NHPs in inventory from Cambodia can be reasonably determined to be purpose-bred. Historically, the Company has relied on the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora CITES documentation and related processes and procedures, including release of each import by U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service. The Company has continued to sell NHPs from other suppliers. The Company has shipments of its Cambodian NHP inventory scheduled, which will be resumed once existing inventory can be reasonably determined to be purpose-bred. Of the Company s total revenue of in fiscal year ended September 30, 2022, approximately was from NHPs that it had imported from Cambodia. Refer to the Liquidity section below and Note 18 Subsequent Events for further discussion of anticipated impacts. Liquidity As of September 30, 2022, the Company has cash and cash equivalents of approximately . The November 16, 2022 event and subsequent decision to refrain from selling or delivering Cambodian NHPs held in the U.S., triggered a material adverse event clause in our Credit Agreement discussed in Note 7 to these consolidated financial statements resulting in, among other things a limitation of our ability to draw on our revolving credit facility. The loss of access to our revolving credit facility and reduced liquidity resulting from the decision to refrain from selling Cambodian NHPs held in the U.S. resulted in reduced forecasted liquidity. As a result of these events, the Company took steps to improve its liquidity, which included negotiating an amendment to its Credit Agreement to reinstate its ability to borrow under its revolving credit facility. Without the amendment, the Company was at risk of not having the revolving credit facility available. During the three months ended December 31, 2022, the Company announced the completion of 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 and , respectively. reportable segments: Discovery and Safety Assessment (DSA) and Research Models and Services (RMS). The Company s DSA reportable segment includes services required to take a drug through the early development process including discovery services, which are non-regulated services to assist clients with 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 revenue streams, service revenue and product revenue. At contract inception the Company assesses the services promised in the contract with the clients to identify performance obligations in the arrangements. In accordance with ASC 606, the Company determines appropriate revenue recognition by completing the following steps: (i) identifiying the contract(s) with a customer; (ii) identifying the performance obligations in the contract; (iii) determining the transaction price; (iv) allocating of the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and (v) recognizing revenue when or as the Company satisfies a performance obligation. Service revenue DSA The Company enters into contracts with clients to provide drug discovery and development services. The Company also offers archive storage services to its clients. The Company s fixed fee arrangements may involve nonclinical research services (e.g., toxicology, pathology, pharmacology), bioanalytical, and pharmaceutical method development and validation, nonclinical research services and the analysis of bioanalytical and pharmaceutical samples. For bioanalytical and pharmaceutical method validation services and nonclinical research services, revenue is recognized over time using the input method based on the ratio of direct costs incurred to total estimated direct costs. For contracts that involve in-life study conduct, method development or the analysis of bioanalytical and pharmaceutical samples, revenue is recognized over time when samples are analyzed or when services are performed. In determining the appropriate amount of revenue to recognize over time, the Company forecasts remaining costs related to the contracts with customers. In order to forecast the remaining costs, the Company reviews the billings compared to original cost estimates, meets with project managers and updates cost estimates in relation to any scope changes requested by the client. The Company generally bills for services on a milestone basis. These contracts represent a single performance obligation and due to the Company s right to payment for work performed, revenue is recognized over time. Research services contract fees received upon acceptance are deferred until earned and classified within fees invoiced in advance on the consolidated balance sheets. Unbilled revenues represent revenues earned under contracts in advance of billings and classified within trade receivables and contract assets on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 or less for a variety of reasons, including the client s decision to forego a particular study, the failure of product prototypes to satisfy safety requirements, and unexpected or undesired results of product testing. Cancellation or delay of ongoing contracts may result in fluctuations in our annual results. We are generally able to recover, at minimum, our invested costs plus an appropriate margin when contracts are terminated. RMS The Company provides GEMS, which includes the performance of contract breeding and other services associated with genetically engineered models, client-owned animal colony care, and health monitoring and diagnostics services related to research models. For contracts that involve creation of a specific type of animal, revenue is recognized over time with each milestone as a separate performance obligation. The Company is due payment for work performed even if subsequent milestones are unable to be met. Contract breeding revenue and client-owned animal colony care revenue are recognized over time and are billed as per diems. Health monitoring revenue and diagnostic services revenue are recognized once the service is performed. Product revenue DSA DSA product revenue includes internally-manufactured scientific instruments for life sciences research and the related software for use by pharmaceutical companies, universities, government research centers and medical research institutions under the Company s BASi product line. These products can be sold to multiple clients and have alternative use. Both the transaction sales price and shipping terms are agreed upon in the client order. For these products, all revenue is recognized at a point in time, generally when title of the product and control is transferred to the client based upon shipping terms. These arrangements typically include only one performance obligation. RMS Product revenue includes research models, diets and bedding and bioproducts. Research models revenue represents the commercial production and sale of research models, principally purpose-bred rats and mice for use by researchers, and large-animal models. Diets and bedding revenue represents laboratory animal diets, bedding, and enrichment products under the Company s Teklad product line. Bioproducts revenue represents the sale of serum and plasma, whole blood, tissues, organs and glands, embryo culture serum and growth factors. Product revenue is recognized at the point in time when the Company s performance obligations with the applicable customers have been satisfied. Revenue is recorded at the transaction price, which is the amount of consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for transferring products to a customer. The performance obligations, including associated freight to deliver products, are met based agreed upon terms, which are generally upon delivery (destination point) and transfer of title. The Company determines the transaction price based on fixed consideration in its contractual agreements. In determining the transaction price, a significant financing component does not exist since the timing from when the Company delivers product to when the customers pay for the product is less than one year. 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 of restricted cash held by First Internet Bank of Indiana pursuant to its credit facility with the Company. customer related to the RMS segment accounted for of total revenue. During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, no customer accounted for more than 10 of total revenue. During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022, vendor related to the RMS segment accounted for of the sum of cost of services and cost of products. During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, no vendor accounted for more than 10 of cost of revenues. Refer to Note 1 for further information related to this vendor and the potential impact to the Company s business. 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 - Buildings and building improvements - Machinery and equipment - Furniture and fixtures - Computer hardware and software - Vehicles - 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 - Intellectual property - Non-compete agreements - Other - 
 78 

Table of Contents 
 that generally extend the lease term from to . Certain lease agreements contain options to purchase the leased property and options to terminate the lease. Payments to be made in option periods are recognized as part of the right-of-use lease assets and lease liabilities when it is reasonably certain that the option to extend the lease will be exercised or the option to terminate the lease will not be exercised, or is not at the Company s option. The Company determines whether the reasonably certain threshold is met by considering all relevant factors, including company-specific plans and economic outlook. Lease income is considered contra-expense within operating expenses. 
 79 

Table of Contents 
 
 80 

Table of Contents 
 in cash, including 
 81 

Table of Contents 
 payable in net working capital adjustments. The Company recognized transaction costs related to the acquisition of HistoTox Labs of for the twelve months ended September 30, 2021. HistoTox Labs, Bolder BioPATH, Inc. Bolder BioPATH and Plato (discussed below) were combined into business unit and recorded combined revenues of for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022, and recorded combined net income of for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022, respectively. HistoTox Labs and Bolder BioPATH recorded combined revenues of and combined net income of for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021. The HistoTox Labs business is reported as part of our DSA reportable segment. The following table summarizes the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date: Unbilled revenues Operating lease right of use ROU asset Property and equipment Intangible assets Goodwill Accounts payable ) Accrued expenses ) Customer advances ) Operating lease liability ) The fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date have had immaterial measurement period adjustments since September 30, 2021. Property and equipment is mostly composed of equipment (including lab equipment, furniture and fixtures, and computer equipment). The fair value of property and equipment was determined using a combination of cost and market-based methodologies. Intangible assets relate to customer relationships and a non-compete agreement. The acquired definite-lived intangible assets are being amortized over a weighted-average estimated useful life of approximately years. The fair values of identifiable intangible assets were determined using the income approach, which is a valuation technique that provides the fair value of an asset based on market participant expectations of the cash flows an asset would generate over its remaining useful life. Some of the significant assumptions inherent in the development of these asset valuations include the estimated net cash flows for each year for each asset or product (including revenues, cost of services, marketing, selling and administrative expenses, and contributory asset charges), the appropriate discount rate necessary to measure the risk inherent in each future cash flow stream, the life cycle of each asset, the potential regulatory and commercial success risk, and competitive trends impacting the asset and each cash flow stream, as well as other factors. Goodwill, which is derived from the enhanced scientific expertise, expanded client base and our ability to provide broader service solutions through a comprehensive portfolio, is recorded based on the amount by which the purchase price exceeds the fair value of the net assets acquired. of goodwill is deductible for tax purposes, as a result of a difference in tax basis and fair value related to the separately identified intangible assets. Goodwill from this transaction is allocated to the Company s DSA reportable segment. 
 82 

Table of Contents 
 in cash, including a net working capital adjustment of , which was settled through a reduction of the seller note of and receipt of cash, and inclusive of being held in escrow for purposes of securing any amounts payable by the selling parties on account of indemnification obligations, purchase price adjustments, and other amounts payable under the merger agreement, (ii) of the Company s common shares valued at using the closing price of the Company s common shares on May 3, 2021 and (iii) unsecured subordinated promissory notes payable to the former shareholders of Bolder BioPATH in an aggregate principal amount of . The promissory notes bear interest at a rate of per annum, with monthly payments of principal and interest and a maturity date of May 1, 2026. The Company recognized transaction costs related to the acquisition of Bolder BioPATH of for the twelve months ended September 30, 2021. In accordance with ASC 805-740, the Company established a deferred tax liability with an offset to goodwill in connection with the accounting for the opening balance sheet of the Bolder BioPATH acquisition as a result of book-to-tax differences primarily related to the customer relationship intangible and property and equipment. This business is reported as part of our DSA reportable segment. The following table summarizes the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date: Unbilled revenues Operating lease ROU asset Property and equipment Intangible asset Other assets Goodwill Accounts payable ) Accrued expenses ) Deferred revenue ) Deferred tax liability ) Operating lease liability ) The fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date have had immaterial measurement period adjustments since September 30, 2021. Property and equipment is mostly composed of equipment (including lab equipment, furniture and fixtures, and computer equipment). The fair value of property and equipment was determined using a combination of cost and market-based methodologies. Intangible assets primarily relate to customer relationships. The acquired definite-lived intangible assets are being amortized over a weighted-average estimated useful life of approximately on a straight-line basis. The estimated fair values of identifiable intangible assets were determined using the income approach, which is a valuation technique that provides an estimate of the fair value of an asset based on market participant expectations of the cash flows an asset would generate over its remaining useful life. Some of the significant assumptions inherent in the development of 
 83 

Table of Contents 
 is deductible for tax purposes. Goodwill from this transaction is allocated to the Company s DSA reportable segment. BioReliance Acquisition Overview On July 9, 2021, the Company completed the acquisition of certain assets of BioReliance Corporation BioReliance to further expand its service offerings to include genetic toxicology services. The assets acquired consisted of fixed assets and an intangible asset related to customer relationships. The Company accounted for the transaction as a business combination as it was determined that the transaction included inputs and substantive processes capable of producing outputs which constitute a business. Consideration for the BioReliance acquisition consisted of (i) in cash and (ii) of net sales through December 2023 derived from the provision by the Company of services comprising the business to existing customers related to the intangible asset acquired. The Company estimated the fair value of of net sales and recorded a contingent consideration liability of in the consolidated balance sheets for the year ended September 30, 2021. The consideration payable was included in accrued expenses in the consolidated balance sheets for the year ended September 30, 2021 and subsequently paid in the first quarter of fiscal 2022. The Company did not incur any transaction costs related to the acquisition of BioReliance for the twelve months ended September 30, 2021. This business is reported as part of our DSA reportable segment. The following table summarizes the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date: Intangible asset As of September 30, 2022, the Company had approximately of contingent consideration related to the BioReliance acquisition that is subject to fair value measurement on a recurring basis as it includes unobservable and significant inputs in the determination of fair value. The fair value of the contingent consideration related to BioReliance was estimated using a discounted cash flow analysis and Level 3 inputs including projections representative of a market participant view for net sales through December 2023 and an estimated discount rate. The amount to be paid is calculated as a percentage of net sales as described above. Gateway Acquisition Overview On August 2, 2021, the Company completed the acquisition of Gateway Pharmacology Laboratories LLC Gateway Laboratories to further expand its drug metabolism and pharmacokinetics technology and capability as well as expand service offerings to include in vitro solutions in pharmacology and toxicology early in drug discovery. Consideration for the Gateway Laboratories acquisition consisted of (i) in cash, including working capital and subject to customary purchase price adjustments, and (ii) of the Company s common shares valued at using the closing price of the Company s common shares on August 2, 2021. The Company recognized transaction costs related 
 84 

Table of Contents 
 for the twelve months ended September 30, 2021. This business is reported as part of our DSA reportable segment. In accordance with ASC 805-740, the Company established a deferred tax liability with an offset to goodwill in connection with the accounting for the opening balance sheet of the Gateway Laboratories acquisition as a result of book-to-tax differences primarily related to the customer relationship intangible and property and equipment. Goodwill, which is derived from the enhanced scientific expertise, expanded client base and the Company s ability to provide broader service solutions through a comprehensive portfolio, is recorded based on the amount by which the purchase price exceeds the fair value of the net assets acquired and is deductible for tax purposes. Goodwill from this transaction is allocated to the Company s DSA reportable segment. The following table summarizes the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date: Operating lease ROU asset Property and equipment Intangible asset Other assets Goodwill Accounts payable ) Accrued expenses ) Deferred tax liability ) Operating lease liability ) The fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date have had immaterial measurement period adjustments since September 30, 2021. 2022 Acquisitions Plato BioPharma Acquisition Overview On October 4, 2021, the Company completed the acquisition of Plato to expand its market reach in early-stage drug discovery. Consideration for the Plato acquisition consisted of (i) in cash, including working capital and subject to customary purchase price adjustments, (ii) of the Company s common shares valued at using the closing price of the Company s common shares on October 4, 2021 and (iii) seller notes to the former shareholder of Plato in an aggregate principal amount of . In accordance with ASC 805-740, the Company established a deferred tax liability with an offset to goodwill in connection with the accounting for the opening balance sheet of the Plato acquisition as a result of book-to-tax differences primarily related to the customer relationship intangible and property and equipment. This business is reported as part of our DSA reportable segment. 
 85 

Table of Contents 
 Trade receivables and contract assets Prepaid expenses and other assets Property and equipment Operating lease right-of-use assets, net Goodwill Intangible assets Accounts payable ) Accrued expenses and other liabilities ) Operating lease liabilities ) Deferred tax liabilities ) Property and equipment is mostly composed of lab equipment, furniture and fixtures, and computer equipment. The fair value of property and equipment was determined using a combination of cost and market-based methodologies. Intangible assets primarily relate to customer relationships. The acquired definite-lived intangible assets are being amortized over a weighted-average estimated useful life of approximately for customer relationships on a straight-line basis. The fair value of the customer relationships was determined using the income approach, which is a valuation technique that provides the fair value of an asset based on market participant expectations of the cash flows an asset would generate over its remaining useful life. Some of the significant assumptions inherent in the development of these asset valuations include the estimated net cash flows for each year for each asset or product (including revenues and EBITDA), the appropriate discount rate necessary to measure the risk inherent in each future cash flow stream, the life cycle of each asset, the potential regulatory and commercial success risk, and competitive trends impacting the asset and each cash flow stream, as well as other factors. Goodwill, which is derived from the enhanced scientific expertise, expanded client base and our ability to provide broader service solutions through a comprehensive portfolio, is recorded based on the amount by which the purchase price exceeds the fair value of the net assets acquired and is not deductible for tax purposes. Goodwill from this transaction is allocated to the Company s DSA reportable segment. In accordance with ASC 805-740, the Company established a deferred tax liability with an offset to goodwill in connection with the accounting for the opening balance sheet of the Plato acquisition as a result of book-to-tax differences primarily related to the intangible assets. 
 86 

Table of Contents 
 , including adjustments for net working capital, and of the Company s common shares valued at using the opening price of the Company s common shares on November 5, 2021. In addition, the Company assumed certain outstanding Envigo stock options, including both vested and unvested options, that were converted to the right to purchase Company common shares at an exercise price of per share. The stock options were valued at per option utilizing a Black-Scholes option valuation model with the inputs below. The total value of options issued was , of which was excluded from the purchase price as those options were determined to be post-combination expense. The previously vested stock options are reflected as purchase consideration of approximately . This business is reported as part of the Company s RMS reportable segment. Strike price Volatility Expected term Risk-free rate The Company recognized transaction costs related to the acquisition of Envigo of and for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These costs were associated with legal and professional services related to the acquisition and are reflected within other operating expenses in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. Envigo and RSI were combined and recorded revenue of and a net loss of for the twelve months ended September 30, 2022. 
 87 

Table of Contents 
 Restricted cash Trade receivables and contract assets Inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets Property and equipment Operating lease right-of-use assets, net Goodwill Intangible assets - customer relationships Intangible assets - intellectual property Other assets Accounts payable ) Accrued expenses and other liabilities ) Fees invoiced in advance ) Current portion on long-term operating lease ) Long-term operating leases, net ) Other liabilities ) Deferred tax liabilities ) Noncontrolling interest Inventory is comprised of small and large animal research models, including non-human primates NHPs ), and Teklad diet and bedding. The fair value was determined using a comparative sales methodology, in which the intent is to ensure that the acquirer only recognizes profits associated to value added subsequent to the acquisition date. Property and equipment is mostly composed of land, buildings and equipment (including lab equipment, furniture and fixtures, caging and computer equipment). The fair value of property and equipment was determined using a combination of cost and market-based methodologies. Intangible assets primarily relate to customer relationships and technology associated with the ability to produce and care for the research models. The acquired customer relationship intangible assets are being amortized over a weighted-average estimated useful life of approximately years on a straight-line basis and the acquired intellectual property associated with the ability to produce and care for the research models is being amortized over a weighted-average estimated useful life of approximately years. The estimated fair values of identifiable intangible assets were determined using the income approach, which is a valuation technique that provides an estimate of the fair value of an asset based on market participant expectations of the cash flows an asset would generate over its remaining useful life. Some of the significant assumptions inherent in the development of these asset valuations include the estimated net cash flows for each year for each asset or product (including revenues, gross margin, EBITDA, customer survival rate and royalty rates), the appropriate discount rate necessary to measure the risk inherent in each future cash flow stream, the life cycle of each asset, the potential regulatory and commercial success risk, and competitive trends impacting the asset and each cash flow stream, as well as other factors. In accordance with ASC 805-740, the Company established a deferred tax liability with an offset to goodwill in connection with the accounting for the opening balance sheet of the Envigo acquisition as a result of book-to-tax differences primarily related to the intangible assets, step up on the fair value of inventory and property and equipment. Within the deferred tax liability, of acquired foreign net operating losses NOLs are offset by an uncertain tax benefit of . 
 88 

Table of Contents 
 is deductible for tax purposes. Goodwill from this transaction is allocated to the Company s RMS reportable segment. Robinson Services, Inc. Acquisition Overview On December 29, 2021, the Company completed the acquisition of the rabbit breeding and supply business of Robinson Services, Inc. RSI ). The acquisition was another step in Inotiv s strategic plan for building its RMS business. The aggregate consideration paid in the transaction consisted of cash consideration of and of the Company s common shares valued at using the closing price of the Company s common shares on December 29, 2021. This business is reported as part of the Company s RMS reportable segment. The following table summarizes the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date: Non-compete agreement Supply agreement Goodwill Intangible assets primarily relate to customer relationships. The acquired definite-lived intangible assets are being amortized over a weighted-average estimated useful life of approximately years on a straight-line basis. The estimated fair values of identifiable intangible assets were determined using the income approach, which is a valuation technique that provides an estimate of the fair value of an asset based on market participant expectations of the cash flows an asset would generate over its remaining useful life. Some of the significant assumptions inherent in the development of these asset valuations include the estimated net cash flows for each year for each asset or product (including revenues and EBITDA), the appropriate discount rate necessary to measure the risk inherent in each future cash flow stream, the life cycle of each asset, the potential regulatory and commercial success risk, and competitive trends impacting the asset and each cash flow stream, as well as other factors. Goodwill, which is derived from the expanded client base and our ability to provide broader service solutions through a comprehensive portfolio, is recorded based on the amount by which the purchase price exceeds the fair value of the net assets acquired and is deductible for tax purposes. Goodwill from this transaction is allocated to the Company s RMS reportable segment. Integrated Laboratory Systems, LLC acquisition Overview On January 10, 2022, the Company completed the acquisition of Integrated Laboratory Systems, LLC ILS ). ILS is a provider of services specializing in nonclinical and analytical drug discovery and development services. Consideration for the ILS acquisition consisted of (i) in cash, including adjustments for net working capital, and inclusive of being held in escrow for purposes of securing any amounts payable by the selling parties on account of indemnification obligations, purchase price adjustments, and other amounts payable under the merger agreement, (ii) of the Company s common shares valued at using the opening price of the Company s common shares on January 10, 2022 and (iii) the effective settlement of a preexisting relationship of ). 
 89 

Table of Contents 
 and a net loss of for the twelve months ended September 30, 2022. The driver of the net loss is amortization of intangible assets. The following table summarizes the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date: Trade receivables, contract assets and other current assets Property and equipment Operating lease right-of-use assets, net Goodwill Intangible assets Accounts payable ) Accrued expenses and other liabilities ) Fees invoiced in advance ) Operating lease liabilities ) Property and equipment is mostly composed of equipment (including lab equipment, furniture and fixtures, and computer equipment) and leasehold improvements. The fair value of property and equipment was determined using a combination of cost and market-based methodologies. Intangible assets primarily relate to customer relationships. The acquired definite-lived intangible assets are being amortized over a weighted-average estimated useful life of approximately on a straight-line basis. The estimated fair values of identifiable intangible assets were determined using the income approach, which is a valuation technique that provides an estimate of the fair value of an asset based on market participant expectations of the cash flows an asset would generate over its remaining useful life. Some of the significant assumptions inherent in the development of these asset valuations include the estimated net cash flows for each year for each asset or product (including revenues, EBITDA, and customer survival rate), the appropriate discount rate necessary to measure the risk inherent in each future cash flow stream, the life cycle of each asset, the potential regulatory and commercial success risk, and competitive trends impacting the asset and each cash flow stream, as well as other factors. Goodwill, which is derived from the enhanced scientific expertise, expanded client base and our ability to provide broader service solutions through a comprehensive portfolio, is recorded based on the amount by which the purchase price exceeds the fair value of the net assets acquired and is deductible for tax purposes. Goodwill from this transaction is allocated to the Company s DSA reportable segment. Orient BioResource Center, Inc. acquisition Overview On January 27, 2022, the Company completed the acquisition of OBRC from Orient Bio, Inc., a preclinical contract research organization and animal model supplier based in Seongnam, South Korea Seller ). OBRC is a primate quarantine and holding facility. Consideration for the OBRC acquisition consisted of (i) in cash, including certain adjustments, (ii) of the Company s common shares valued at using the closing price of the Company s common shares on January 27, 2022, (iii) the effective settlement of a preexisting relationship of and (iv) a payable owed by OBRC to the Seller in the amount of . The preexisting relationship represents the return of fees invoiced in advance and paid to OBRC by the Company prior to the acquisition offset by the payment of trade receivables by the Company to OBRC. As these were settled at the stated value, gain or loss was recorded as a result of the settlement of 
 90 

Table of Contents 
 after the closing. The Company will have the right to set off against the payable any amounts that become payable by the Seller on account of indemnification obligations under the purchase agreement. This business is reported as part of our RMS reportable segment. In accordance with ASC 805-740, the Company established a deferred tax liability with an offset to goodwill in connection with the accounting for the opening balance sheet of the OBRC acquisition as a result of book-to-tax differences primarily related to the intangible assets and property and equipment. OBRC recorded revenue of for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022, and net income of for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022. The following table summarizes the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date: Trade receivables and contract assets Inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets Property and equipment Goodwill Intangible assets Accounts payable ) Accrued expenses and other liabilities ) Fees invoiced in advance ) Deferred tax liabilities ) Inventory is comprised of NHP research models. The fair value was determined using a comparative sales methodology, in which the intent is to ensure that the acquirer only recognizes profits associated to value added subsequent to the acquisition date. Property and equipment is mostly composed of land, building and equipment. The fair value of property and equipment was determined using a combination of cost and market-based methodologies. Intangible assets primarily relate to customer relationships and technology associated with the ability to produce and care for the research models. The acquired definite-lived intangible assets are being amortized over a weighted-average estimated useful life of approximately years on a straight-line basis. The estimated fair values of identifiable intangible assets were determined using the income approach, which is a valuation technique that provides an estimate of the fair value of an asset based on market participant expectations of the cash flows an asset would generate over its remaining useful life. Some of the significant assumptions inherent in the development of these asset valuations include the estimated net cash flows for each year for each asset or product (including revenues and EBITDA), the appropriate discount rate necessary to measure the risk inherent in each future cash flow stream, the life cycle of each asset, the potential regulatory and commercial success risk, and competitive trends impacting the asset and each cash flow stream, as well as other factors. In accordance with ASC 805-740, the Company established a deferred tax liability with an offset to goodwill in connection with the accounting for the opening balance sheet of the OBRC acquisition as a result of book-to-tax differences primarily related to the intangible assets and step up on the fair value of inventory. 
 91 

Table of Contents 
 is deductible for tax purposes. Goodwill from this transaction is allocated to the Company s RMS reportable segment. Histion Acquisition On April 25, 2022, the Company completed the acquisition of Histion, LLC Histion ), which is a strategic element of the Company s expansion of its specialized pathology services. Consideration for the Histion acquisition consisted of (i) in cash, subject to working capital adjustments, (ii) of the Company s common shares valued at using the closing price of the Company s common shares on April 25, 2022 and (iii) unsecured subordinated promissory notes payable to the former shareholders of Histion in an aggregate principal amount of . Protypia Acquisition On July 7, 2022, the Company entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement with Protypia, Inc. Protypia ), which is a strategic element of the Company s expansion of its mass spectrometry-based bioanalytical offerings providing for the acquisition by the Company of all of the outstanding stock of Protypia on that date. Consideration for the Protypia stock consisted of in cash, subject to certain adjustments, in seller notes and common shares having a value of approximately based on the opening stock price of the Company s common shares as reported by Nasdaq on the closing date. The following table summarizes the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date: Goodwill Intangible assets Deferred tax liabilities ) The preliminary purchase price allocation is subject to change as additional information becomes available concerning the fair value and tax basis of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, including intangible assets, goodwill and deferred tax liabilities. From the date of the acquisition through September 30, 2022, the Company recorded measurement-period adjustments related to the acquisition that resulted in changes to the purchase price allocation. Any additional adjustments to the purchase price allocation will be made as soon as practicable but no later than one year from the date of acquisition. Intangible assets primarily relate to customer relationships and technology associated with the ability to perform specialized protein and peptide mass spectrometry analysis. The acquired definite-lived intangible assets are being amortized over a weighted-average estimated useful life of approximately years on a straight-line basis. The estimated fair values of identifiable intangible assets were determined using the income approach, which is a valuation technique that provides an estimate of the fair value of an asset based on market participant expectations of the cash flows an asset would generate over its remaining useful life. Some of the significant assumptions inherent in the development of these asset valuations include the estimated net cash flows for each year for each asset or product (including revenues and EBITDA), the appropriate discount rate necessary to measure the risk inherent in each future cash flow stream, the life cycle of each asset, the potential regulatory and commercial success risk, and competitive trends impacting the asset and each cash flow stream, as well as other factors. The fair value of intangible assets is based on preliminary assumptions which are subject to change as we complete our valuation procedures. 
 92 

Table of Contents 
 is deductible for tax purposes. Goodwill from this transaction is allocated to the Company s DSA reportable segment. Pro Forma Results The Company s unaudited pro forma results of operations for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022 and September 30, 2021, assuming the acquisitions had occurred as of October 1, 2021 and 2020, respectively, after giving effect to certain adjustments. These are presented for comparative purposes below. These amounts are based on available information of the results of operations prior to the acquisition date and are not necessarily indicative of what the results of operations would have been had the acquisitions been completed on October 1, 2021 and 2020. For fiscal year ended September 30, 2022, these adjustments included elimination of intercompany activity and other one-time costs, and the tax impacts of these adjustments. For fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, these adjustments included additional amortization of intangible assets of , elimination of intercompany activity and other one-time costs, and the tax impacts of these adjustments. The unaudited pro forma information is as follows: Net (loss) income ) 
 93 

Table of Contents 
 Contract Assets: Unbilled revenue Contract liabilities: Customer deposits Contract liabilities: Deferred revenue The Company expects all deferred revenue to be recognized as revenue in fiscal year 2023. Changes in the contract asset and the contract liability balances during twelve months ended September 30, 2022 include the following: Acquisitions Refer to Note 3 Business Combinations for further discussion of acquired contract assets and liabilities. A change in the time frame for a right for consideration to become unconditional Approximately of unbilled revenue as of September 30, 2021, was billed during fiscal year 2022. A change in the time frame for a performance obligation to be satisfied Approximately of contract liabilities as of September 30, 2021, were recognized as revenue during fiscal year 2022. 
 Allowance for Credit Losses The Company s allowance for credit losses was and at September 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. A summary of activity in our allowance for credit losses is as follows: Acquired Charged to expense Uncollectible invoices written off ) ) Amounts collected ) Ending balance segments: Discovery and Safety Assessment DSA and Research Models and Services RMS ). Through our DSA segment, we support the discovery, non-clinical and clinical development needs of researchers and clinicians for primarily small molecule drug candidates, but also including biotherapeutics and biomedical devices. Our scientists have the skills in analytical instrumentation development, chemistry, computer software development, histology, pathology, physiology, surgery, analytical chemistry, drug metabolism, pharmacokinetics, and toxicology to make the services and products we provide increasingly valuable to our current and potential clients. Our principal clients are scientists engaged in analytical chemistry, drug safety evaluation, clinical trials, drug metabolism studies, pharmacokinetics and basic research from small start-up biotechnology companies to some of the largest global pharmaceutical companies. 
 94 

Table of Contents 
 
 95 

Table of Contents 
 to the DSA segment. The following table presents revenue and other financial information by reportable segment for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021: Product revenue RMS: Service revenue Product revenue Operating Income (Loss) DSA RMS ) Unallocated Corporate ) ) Interest expense ) Other (expense) income ) (Loss) income before income taxes ) RMS Capital expenditures: DSA RMS As a result of the application of ASC 805 for the Envigo and OBRC acquisitions, we recognized amortization of inventory step-up during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022, which is reflected in the RMS reportable segment. During the three and twelve months ended September 30, 2022, we recognized goodwill impairment charge, which is reflected in the RMS reportable segment. Refer to Note 6 for further discussion of the goodwill impairment charge. During the fiscal years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021, we recognized and of non-cash stock-based compensation expense, which is reflected in unallocated corporate expenses, and ) and of (loss) gain on fair value remeasurement of embedded derivative, respectively, which are reflected in other (expense) income. Other unallocated corporate operating expenses include compensation and other employee-related expenses, external professional fees, insurance, information technology-related fees and acquisition and integration costs. 
 96 

Table of Contents 
 RMS Fiscal year ended September 30, 2021 Revenue and other financial information by segment for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021 are as follows: Product Operating Income (Loss) Service Product Unallocated corporate ) ) Interest expense ) Other income Income (loss) before income taxes Services Products Products Unallocated corporate Unallocated corporate Goodwill, net: Capital expenditures: Services Services Products Products Unallocated corporate Unallocated corporate Geographic Information As of September 30, 2021, all long-lived assets were physically located in the United States. Therefore, geographic information was presented based on customer location. Since the Envigo acquisition, the Company has physical 
 97 

Table of Contents 
 Netherlands Other Long-lived assets shown below include property and equipment, net. The following represents long-lived assets where they are physically located: 

Fiscal Years Ended September 30, 2022 United States Netherlands Other Fiscal year ended September 30, 2021 The following represents revenue presented based on customer location: 

Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2021 United States Pacific Rim Europe Other Other North America 
 98 

Table of Contents 
 Acquisition of HistoTox Labs Acquisition of Bolder BioPATH Acquisition of Gateway Laboratories Balance as of September 30, 2021 Acquisitions - DSA 1 Acquisitions - RMS 2 Impairment - RMS 3 ) Foreign exchange impact - RMS Balance as of September 30, 2022 1 Goodwill for DSA acquisitions relates to the 2022 acquisitions and immaterial measurement period adjustments for 2021 acquisitions, as disclosed in Note 3 - Business Combinations 2 Goodwill for RMS acquisitions relates to the 2022 acquisitions, as disclosed in Note 3 - Business Combinations 3 Accumulated impairment loss for RMS is ), including ) for the goodwill impairment charge offset by of foreign exchange impact The increase in goodwill during fiscal year 2022 related primarily to the acquisitions of Plato, ILS, Histion and Protypia in the DSA reporting unit and Envigo, RSI and OBRC in the RMS reporting unit, offset by goodwill impairment related to the RMS reporting unit. The RMS reporting unit is reported within the RMS operating segment. The increase in goodwill during fiscal year 2021 related to the acquisitions of Bolder, HistoTox and Gateway. The goodwill at September 30, 2021 is included in the DSA segment as of September 30, 2022. See Note 3 for further discussion of Business Combinations. As a part of the annual goodwill assessment, the Company first assessed qualitative factors to determine whether it was necessary to perform the quantitative impairment test. As a result of the qualitative analysis, the Company determined that as a result of the sustained reduction in our stock price during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022, the carrying value of our goodwill as of fiscal year end must be quantitatively evaluated. The carrying value of the Company s goodwill by reporting unit was determined utilizing the income approach. Based on the Company s quantitative goodwill impairment test, which was performed in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2022, the fair value of the DSA reporting unit exceeded the reporting unit s carrying value and, therefore, goodwill was not impaired. However, the fair value of the RMS reporting unit was less than the RMS reporting unit s carrying value. As a result, goodwill impairment losses of were recorded. 
 99 

Table of Contents 
 ) Intellectual property ) Non-compete agreements ) Other ) ) September 30, 2021 Carrying Accumulated Carrying Amount, Gross Amortization Amount, Net Customer relationships ) Intellectual property ) Non-compete agreements ) Other ) ) The increase in intangible assets, net during fiscal year 2022 related primarily to the acquisitions of Envigo, ILS and OBRC. 
 100 

Table of Contents 
 , and , respectively. As of September 30, 2022, estimated amortization of intangible assets for each of the next five fiscal years is expected to be as follows: Intellectual property Non-compete agreements Other Total 1 RUL (in years) represents the weighted average remaining useful life , a delayed draw term loan facility in the original principal amount of (available to be drawn up to from the date of the Credit Agreement), and a revolving credit facility in the original principal amount of . On November 5, 2021, the Company borrowed the full amount of the term loan facility, but did not borrow any amounts on the delayed draw term loan facility or the revolving credit facility. The Company may elect to borrow on each of the loan facilities at either an adjusted LIBOR rate of interest or an adjusted prime rate of interest. Adjusted LIBOR rate loans shall accrue interest at an annual rate equal to the LIBOR rate plus a margin of between and , depending on the Company s then current Secured Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement). The LIBOR rate must be a minimum of . The initial adjusted LIBOR rate of interest is the LIBOR rate plus . Adjusted prime rate loans shall accrue interest at an annual rate equal to the prime rate plus a margin of between and , depending on the Company s then current Secured Leverage Ratio. The initial adjusted prime rate of interest is the prime rate plus . Interest expense was accrued at an effective rate of through September 30, 2022. The Company must pay (i) a fee based on a percentage per annum equal to on the average daily undrawn portion of the commitments in respect of the revolving credit facility and (ii) a fee based on a percentage per annum equal to on the average daily undrawn portion of the commitments in respect of the delayed draw loan facility. In each case, such fee shall be paid quarterly in arrears. Each of the term loan facility and delayed draw term loan facility require annual principal payments in an amount equal to of their respective original principal amounts. The Company shall also repay the term loan facility on an annual basis in an amount equal to a percentage of its Excess Cash Flow (as defined in the Credit Agreement), which percentage will be determined by its then current Secured Leverage Ratio. Each of the loan facilities may be repaid at any time with premium or penalty. The Company is required to maintain an initial Secured Leverage Ratio of not more than to 1.00. The maximum permitted Secured Leverage Ratio shall reduce to to 1.00 beginning with the Company s fiscal quarter ending September 30, 2023 and to to 1.00 beginning with the Company s fiscal quarter ending March 31, 2025. The Company is required to maintain a minimum Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement), which ratio shall be to 1.00 during the first year of the Credit Agreement and shall be to 1.00 from and after the Credit Agreement s first anniversary. 
 101 

Table of Contents 
 loss on debt extinguishment. On January 7, 2022, the Company drew on the delayed draw term loan facility. The delayed draw term loan facility in the original principal amount of is referred to herein as the Initial DDTL . Amounts outstanding under the Initial DDTL accrue interest at an annual rate equal to the LIBOR rate plus a margin of between and , depending on the Company s then current Secured Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement). The initial adjusted LIBOR rate of interest is the LIBOR rate of plus for a total rate of . Interest expense was accrued at an effective rate of through September 30, 2022. As of September 30, 2022, the Company had an outstanding balance of on the revolving credit facility. First Amendment to Credit Agreement On January 27, 2022, the Company, Subsidiary Guarantors, the lenders party thereto, and Jefferies Finance LLC, as administrative agent, entered into a First Amendment (the Amendment to the existing Credit Agreement. The Amendment provides for, among other things, an increase to the existing term loan facility in the amount of (the Incremental Term Loans and a new delayed draw term loan facility in the original principal amount of , which amount is available to be drawn up to from the date of the Amendment (the DDTL ). The Incremental Term Loans and any amounts borrowed under the DDTL are referred to herein as the Additional Term Loans . On January 27, 2022, the Company borrowed the full amount of the Incremental Term Loans, but did not borrow any amounts under the DDTL. Amounts outstanding under the Additional Term Loans will accrue interest at an annual rate equal to the LIBOR rate plus a margin of between and , depending on the Company s then current Secured Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement). The initial adjusted LIBOR rate of interest is the LIBOR rate of plus for a total rate of . Actual interest accrued at through September 30, 2022. The Additional Term Loans require annual principal payments in an amount equal to of the original principal amount. Voluntary prepayments of the Additional Term Loans will be subject to a prepayment premium if made on or prior to November 5, 2022 and a prepayment premium if made on or prior to November 5, 2023. Voluntary prepayments made after November 5, 2023 are not subject to a prepayment premium. Each of the Additional Term Loans require annual principal payments in an amount equal to of its respective original principal amounts. The Company shall also repay the term loans on an annual basis in an amount equal to a percentage of its Excess Cash Flow (as defined in the Credit Agreement), which percentage will be determined by its then current Secured Leverage Ratio. The Additional Term Loans are secured by all assets (other than certain excluded assets) of the Company and each of the Subsidiary Guarantors. Repayment of the Additional Term Loans is guaranteed by each of the Subsidiary Guarantors. The Additional Term Loans will mature on November 5, 2026. 
 102 

Table of Contents 
 Seller Note Bolder BioPath Seller Note Smithers Avanza Seller Note Preclinical Research Services Seller Note Plato BioPharma Seller Payable - Orient BioResource Center Seller Note Histion Seller Note Protypia Economic Injury Disaster Loan Convertible Senior Notes Term Loan Facility, Initial DDTL and Incremental Term Loans Less: Current portion ) ) Less: Debt issue costs not amortized ) ) Total Long-term debt While the carrying value of debt is , total maturities total . The following table summarizes the combined aggregate amount of maturities over the next five fiscal years: Fair Value The fair value of the Company s term loan facility, initial DDTL and incremental term loans is based on market pricing. As the fair value is based on significant other observable inputs, it is deemed to be Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy. The fair value of the Convertible Senior Notes is based on market pricing. As the fair value is based on significant other observable inputs, it is deemed to be Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy. The book values of the Seller Notes and Seller Payable, which are fixed rate loans carried at amortized cost, approximate the fair value based on current market pricing of similar debt. As the fair value is based on significant other observable outputs, it is deemed to be Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy. Until November 4, 2021, the embedded derivative conversion feature of the Convertible Senior Notes (the Notes was subject to fair value measurement on a recurring basis as they included unobservable and significant inputs in determining the fair value. The Company utilized a single factor trinomial lattice model to determine the related fair value of the embedded derivative convertible feature of the Notes at November 4, 2021, and the inputs used included a volatility of , a bond yield assumption of and a remaining maturity period of years. Acquisition-related Debt In addition to the indebtedness under the Credit Agreement, certain of the Company s subsidiaries have issued unsecured notes as partial payment of the purchase prices of certain acquisitions as described herein. Each of these notes is subordinated to the indebtedness under the Credit Agreement. As part of the acquisition of Plato BioPharma, Inc. Plato ), which is a part of the Company s Inotiv Boulder subsidiary, Inotiv Boulder, LLC, the Company issued unsecured subordinated promissory notes payable to the former shareholders of Plato in an aggregate principal amount of . The promissory notes bear interest at a rate of per annum, with monthly payments of principal and interest and a maturity date of June 1, 2023. 
 103 

Table of Contents 
 , which the Company determined to have a fair value of as of January 27, 2022. The payable does not bear interest and is required to be paid to seller on the date that is after the closing date of January 27, 2022. The Company has the right to set off against the payable any amounts that become payable by the seller on account of indemnification obligations under the purchase agreement. As part of the acquisition of Histion, LLC Histion which is a part of the Company s subsidiary, Bronco Research Services, LLC, the Company issued unsecured subordinated promissory notes payable to the former shareholders of Histion in an aggregate principal amount of . The promissory notes bear interest at a rate of per annum, with monthly payments of principal and interest and a maturity date of April 1, 2025. As part of the acquisition of Protypia, Inc. Protypia ), the Company issued unsecured subordinated promissory notes payable to the former shareholders of Protypia in an aggregate principal amount of . The promissory notes bear interest at a rate of per annum, with monthly payments of principal and interest and a maturity date of January 7, 2024. Convertible Senior Notes On September 27, 2021, the Company issued principal amount of its Convertible Senior Notes due 2027 (the Notes ). The Notes were issued pursuant to, and are governed by, an indenture, dated as of September 27, 2021, among the Company, the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, BAS Evansville, Inc., as guarantor (the Guarantor ), and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (the Indenture ). Pursuant to the purchase agreement between the Company and the initial purchaser of the Notes, the Company granted the initial purchaser an option to purchase, for settlement within a period of from, and including, the date the Notes were first issued, up to an additional principal amount of the Notes. The Notes issued on September 27, 2021 included principal amount of the Notes issued pursuant to the full exercise by the initial purchaser of such option. The Company used the net proceeds from the offering of the Notes, together with borrowings under a new senior secured term loan facility, to fund the cash portion of the purchase price of the Envigo acquisition and related fees and expenses. The Notes are the Company s senior, unsecured obligations and are (i) equal in right of payment with the Company s existing and future senior, unsecured indebtedness; (ii) senior in right of payment to the Company s existing and future indebtedness that is expressly subordinated to the Notes; (iii) effectively subordinated to the Company s existing and future secured indebtedness, to the extent of the value of the collateral securing that indebtedness; and (iv) structurally subordinated to all existing and future indebtedness and other liabilities, including trade payables, and (to the extent the Company is not a holder thereof) preferred equity, if any, of the Company s non-guarantor subsidiaries. The Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, on a senior, unsecured basis, by the Guarantor. The Notes accrue interest at a rate of per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears on April 15 and October 15 of each year, beginning on April 15, 2022. The Notes will mature on October 15, 2027, unless earlier repurchased, redeemed or converted. Before April 15, 2027, noteholders have the right to convert their Notes only upon the occurrence of certain events. From and after April 15, 2027, noteholders may convert their Notes at any time at their election until the close of business on the scheduled trading day immediately before the maturity date. The Company will settle conversions by paying or delivering, as applicable, cash, its common shares or a combination of cash and its common shares, at the Company s election. The initial conversion rate is common shares per 1 principal amount of Notes, which represents an initial conversion price of approximately per common share. The conversion rate and conversion price are subject to customary adjustments upon the occurrence of certain events. In addition, if certain corporate events that constitute a Make-Whole Fundamental Change (as defined in the Indenture) occur, then the conversion rate will, in certain circumstances, be increased for a specified period of time. As of September 30, 2022 and 2021, there are and in unamortized debt issuance costs related to the Convertible Senior Notes, respectively. For the year ended September 30, 2022, the total interest expense was , including coupon interest expense of , accretion expense of , and the amortization of debt discount and issuance costs of . 
 104 

Table of Contents 
 th scheduled trading day immediately before the maturity date, but only if the last reported sale price per common share of the Company exceeds of the conversion price on (i) each of at least trading days, whether or not consecutive, during the consecutive trading days ending on, and including, the trading day immediately before the date the Company sends the related redemption notice; and (ii) the trading day immediately before the date the Company sends such notice. The redemption price is a cash amount equal to the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date. In addition, calling the Notes for redemption pursuant to the provisions described in this paragraph will constitute a Make-Whole Fundamental Change, which will result in an increase to the conversion rate in certain circumstances for a specified period of time. If certain corporate events that constitute a Fundamental Change (as defined in the Indenture) occur, then noteholders may require the Company to repurchase their Notes at a cash repurchase price equal to the principal amount of the Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the Fundamental Change repurchase date. The definition of Fundamental Change includes certain business combination transactions involving the Company and certain de-listing events with respect to the Company s common shares. The Notes have customary provisions relating to the occurrence of Events of Default (as defined in the Indenture), which include the following: (i) certain payment defaults on the Notes (which, in the case of a default in the payment of interest on the Notes, are subject to a cure period); (ii) the Company s failure to send certain notices under the Indenture within specified periods of time; (iii) the failure by the Company or the Guarantor to comply with certain covenants in the Indenture relating to the ability of the Company or the Guarantor to consolidate with or merge with or into, or sell, lease or otherwise transfer, in one transaction or a series of transactions, all or substantially all of the assets of the Company or the Guarantor, as applicable, and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to another person; (iv) a default by the Company or the Guarantor in its other obligations or agreements under the Indenture or the Notes if such default is not cured or waived within after notice is given in accordance with the Indenture; (v) certain defaults by the Company, the Guarantor or any of their respective subsidiaries with respect to indebtedness for borrowed money of at least ; (vi) the rendering of certain judgments against the Company, the Guarantor or any of their respective subsidiaries for the payment of at least , where such judgments are not discharged or stayed within after the date on which the right to appeal has expired or on which all rights to appeal have been extinguished; (vii) certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency and reorganization involving the Company, the Guarantor or any of their respective significant subsidiaries; and (viii) the guarantee of the Notes ceases to be in full force and effect (except as permitted by the Indenture) or the Guarantor denies or disaffirms its obligations under its guarantee of the Notes. If an Event of Default involving bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization events with respect to the Company or the Guarantor (and not solely with respect to a significant subsidiary of the Company or the Guarantor) occurs, then the principal amount of, and all accrued and unpaid interest on, all of the Notes then outstanding will immediately become due and payable without any further action or notice by any person. If any other Event of Default occurs and is continuing, then the trustee, by notice to the Company, or noteholders of at least of the aggregate principal amount of Notes then outstanding, by notice to the Company and the trustee, may declare the principal amount of, and all accrued and unpaid interest on, all of the Notes then outstanding to become due and payable immediately. However, notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may elect, at its option, that the sole remedy for an Event of Default relating to certain failures by the Company to comply with certain reporting covenants in the Indenture consists exclusively of the right of the noteholders to receive special interest on the Notes for up to at a specified rate per annum not exceeding on the principal amount of the Notes. In accordance with ASC 815, at issuance, the Company evaluated the convertible feature of the Notes and determined it was required to be bifurcated as an embedded derivative and did not qualify for equity classification. The convertible feature of the Notes is subject to fair value remeasurement as of each balance sheet date or until it meets equity classification requirements and is valued utilizing Level 3 inputs as described below. The discount resulting from the initial fair value of the embedded derivative will be amortized to interest expense using the effective interest method. Non-cash interest expense during the period primarily related to this discount. In the first quarter of 2022, the Company adopted Accounting Standards Update ASU ASU 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own 
 105 

Table of Contents 
 and a loss on remeasurement included in other income (loss) for the twelve months ended September 30, 2022 of . The embedded derivative liability, net of tax, of was then reclassified to additional paid-in capital in accordance with ASC 815. In connection with the evaluation at November 4, 2021, the Company rechallenged its analysis of the initial allocation of value between the embedded derivative and debt component of the convertible debt included in long-term liabilities at September 30, 2021. This resulted in a change in the allocation of the underlying long-term debt from to and the allocation of the conversion feature from to . These changes did not result in any change to long-term liabilities or any material changes to net income (loss) as of September 30, 2021. Former Credit Agreement On October 4, 2021, the Company entered into a Third Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the FIB Amendment ), which amended the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement between the Company and FIB, as amended (the FIB Credit Agreement ). Pursuant to the FIB Amendment, FIB consented to the acquisition by the Company of Plato by merger of Plato with a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company and the subsequent merger of the surviving corporation of that merger with another wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. In addition, the FIB Amendment amended the FIB Credit Agreement to (i) add the promissory notes to be issued to former Plato shareholders in the Plato acquisition as permitted indebtedness, which notes were issued by the surviving company, guaranteed by the Company and subordinated in favor of FIB, and (ii) add references to the Plato acquisition to certain provisions of the FIB Credit Agreement relating to subordination agreements, representations and warranties, and certain covenants to permit the Plato acquisition to occur. The FIB Amendment included agreements by the Company to obtain certain landlord waivers within 30 days of the closing of the Plato acquisition and to deliver to FIB signed subordination agreements. The Company consummated the Envigo acquisition and repaid all of its obligations under the FIB Credit Agreement in November 2021. 
 106 

Table of Contents 
 customer within the RMS made up of the total trade receivables balance. Trade receivables and contract assets, net consisted of the following: Unbilled revenue Total Less: Allowance for credit losses ) ) Trade receivables and contract assets, net of allowances for credit losses Inventories, net consisted of the following: Work in progress Finished goods Research Model Inventory Total Less: Obsolescence reserve ) ) Inventories, net Prepaid expenses and other current assets consisted of the following: Income tax receivable Prepaid research models Other Prepaid expenses and other current assets The composition of other assets is as follows: Finance lease right-of-use assets, net Debt issuance costs - revolving credit facility Funded status of defined benefit plan Other Other assets 
 107 

Table of Contents 
 Buildings and building improvements Machinery and equipment Furniture and fixtures Construction in progress Total Cost Accumulated depreciation ) ) Accrued expenses consisted of the following: Non-income taxes Accrued interest Other Consideration payable Accrued expenses and other liabilities The composition of fees invoiced in advance is as follows: Deferred revenue Fees invoiced in advance 
 108 

Table of Contents 
 Change in projected benefit obligation: Projected benefit obligation, acquisition date Service cost Interest cost Contributions by plan participants Benefits paid ) Foreign currency translation adjustment ) Actuarial (gains) losses ) Projected benefit obligation at end of period Change in fair value of plan assets: Fair value of plan assets, acquisition date Actual loss on plan assets ) Employer contributions Foreign currency translation adjustment ) Benefits paid ) Fair value of plan assets, end of period Funded status The net periodic benefit costs, which are presented within general and administrative expense, under the Company s defined benefit plans were as follows: Interest cost Expected return on assets ) Net periodic benefit cost ) Gains Related to Changes in Benefit Obligation The actuarial gains during the twelve months ended September 30, 2022 were due to significant increase in the discount rate as a result of rising interest rates in the U.K. The remainder of the changes are cumulative translation adjustments and reductions in assets as a result of overall deterioration in markets, driven by increasing interest rates.. 
 109 

Table of Contents 
 Expected return on plan assets Our expected return on plan asset assumption, used to determine benefit obligations, are based on historical long-term rates of return on investments. Many factors, including portfolio allocation, target portfolio allocation and expected expenses, are evaluated during the process of determining the expected return on plan assets. Discount rates were determined for the defined benefit retirement plan at the measurement date to reflect the yield of a portfolio of high-quality bonds matched against the timing and amounts of projected future benefit payments. Rate of compensation increases - At September 30, 2022, we are increasing our long-term rate of return assumption to for pension plan assets.The major assumptions used in determining benefit obligations were as follows: Pension Plan Assets The Company maintains target allocation percentages among various asset categories based on an investment policy designed to achieve long-term objectives of return, while mitigating downside risk and considering expected cash flows. The Company s investment policy is reviewed from time to time to ensure consistency with long-term objectives. The Company s target allocation percentages were materially consistent with the actual percentages above at September 30, 2022. Plan assets distribution was as follows: Equity securities Debt securities Real estate mutual fund Other Total 
 110 

Table of Contents 
 - - Fixed income securities: Investment grade corporate bonds - - Other types of investments: Multi-asset fund Total - The calculation of the fair value of each level of investment is described in Note 2. Pension Funding and Payments During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022, the Company contributed to the pension plans and expects to contribute to its pension plans in the next twelve months. Estimated pension benefit payments expected to be paid in cash in each of the next five years and in the aggregate for the following five years thereafter are as follows: Defined Contribution Plans The Company has defined contribution benefit plans that cover its employees in the U.S., U.K. (the Group Personal Pension Plan) and Netherlands. Defined contribution benefit expense for the twelve months ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 were and , respectively. The contribution expense increased primarily due to growth in overall headcount through organic growth and the acquisitions in fiscal 2022. Restructuring costs 1 Startup costs Other costs Acquisition-related stock compensation costs 2 1 Restructuring costs represent costs incurred in connection with the exit of our Dublin and Cumberland facilities. See Note 11 Restructuring for additional information. 2 Refer to Note 3 for further discussions around acquisition-related stock compensation costs related to the acquisition of Envigo RMS Holding Corp. 
 111 

Table of Contents 
 and other exit costs other of , which primarily relate to inventory write-downs related to the exit of the Cumberland facility and costs to maintain the facilities until each facility has been exited. Exit and disposal costs were charged to other operating expense. The Company does not expect further material charges as a result of the closures of the Cumberland facility and Dublin facility. During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022, payments of and have been made for employee-related and other costs, respectively. The remaining exit and disposal costs were non-cash expenses. As of September 30, 2022, the liability balance for exit and disposal costs that qualify as employee-related exit and disposal costs is . The Company has also incurred impairment charges that relate to our restructuring activities, which do not qualify as exit and disposal costs. As of September 30, 2022, the Company incurred impairment charges of in connection with the impairment of property and equipment at the Dublin and Cumberland facilities, as a result of obtaining market quotes for the value of the real property at the facility and the review of the usefulness of the personal property if transferred to other sites in connection with exit plans. The impairment losses are recorded in other operating expense. Current portion of operating lease liabilities Long-term operating lease liabilities Total operating lease liabilities Finance ROU assets, net Current portion of finance lease liabilities Long-term finance lease liabilities Total finance lease liabilities The increase in right-of-use lease assets and lease liabilities in the twelve months ended September 30, 2022 is primarily attributable to acquisitions as described in Note 3 and further increased due to entering the for our facility in Rockville, Maryland. Finance ROU assets are recorded in other assets and the current and long-term portions of finance lease liabilities are recorded in accrued expenses and other liabilities and other long-term liabilities, respectively. 
 112 

Table of Contents 
 Short-term lease costs Lease income ) ) Finance lease costs: Amortization of ROU asset expense Interest on finance lease liability Total lease cost The Company serves as lessor to a lessee in facilities. The gross rental income and underlying lease expense are presented net in the Company s consolidated statement of operations. The gross rent receivables and underlying lease liabilities are presented gross in the Company s consolidated balance sheets. The Company received total rental income of and for the twelve months ended September 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Supplemental cash flow information related to leases was as follows: Operating cash flows from finance leases Finance cash flows from finance leases Non-cash lease activity: ROU assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new finance lease liabilities The weighted average remaining lease term and discount rate for the Company s operating and finance leases as of September 30, 2022 and 2021 were: Finance lease Weighted-average discount rate (in percentages) Operating lease Finance lease Lease duration was determined utilizing renewal options that the Company is reasonably certain to execute. 
 113 

Table of Contents 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total minimum future lease payments Less interest ) ) Total lease liability units at a price of per unit. Each unit consisted of one Series A convertible preferred share which is convertible into common shares. The Series A preferred shares were valued using the common shares available upon conversion of all preferred shares of and the closing market price of our stock on May 11, 2011 of . As of September 30, 2022 and 2021, all preferred shares have been converted into common shares and common shares have been issued for quarterly preferred dividends. At September 30, 2022 and 2021, preferred shares remained outstanding. All dividends have been paid according to the agreement. Common Stock Offering On April 23, 2021, we closed an underwritten public offering of of our common shares, including common shares sold pursuant to the full exercise by the underwriter of its option to purchase additional shares to cover over-allotments. All of the shares were sold at a price to the public of per share. Net proceeds from the offering were approximately , after deducting the underwriting discount and estimated offering expenses. Increase in Authorized Shares and Equity Plan Reserve On November 4, 2021, the Company s shareholders approved an amendment to the Company s Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation to increase the number of authorized shares from shares, consisting of common shares and preferred shares, to shares, consisting of common shares and preferred shares. Approval of this matter by the Inotiv shareholders was a condition to the closing of the Envigo acquisition. The amendment was effective on November 4, 2021. On November 4, 2021, the Company s shareholders approved an amendment to the Company s 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (the Equity Plan to increase the number of shares available for awards thereunder by shares and to make certain corresponding changes to certain limitations in the Equity Plan. At September 30, 2022, shares remained available for grants under the Equity Plan. Stock Issued in Connection with Acquisitions During the fiscal years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021, and common shares, respectively, were issued in relation to acquisitions. See Note 3 Business Combinations for further discussion of consideration for each acquisition. 
 114 

Table of Contents 
 options and shares issuable upon vesting of restricted stock units were not considered in computing diluted loss per share for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022 because they were anti-dilutive. Additionally, there are shares of common stock issuable upon conversion in connection with the convertible debt entered into on September 27, 2021. These shares were not considered in computing diluted loss per share for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022 because they were anti-dilutive. 2021 Shares issuable upon exercise of stock options were included in computing diluted net income per share for the year ended September 30, 2021. There were Series A preferred shares outstanding as of September 30, 2021. Computation of basic and diluted net (loss) income per share is shown in the following table: Weighted average common shares outstanding (in thousands) Basic Diluted Basic net (loss) income per share ) Diluted net loss per share ) Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income Within the statement of operations, foreign exchange gains and losses are recognized as a result of translations of non-functional currencies. In relation to the translation into U.S. dollars, except for defined benefit pension costs of The Plan, the assets and liabilities of foreign operations are translated using the current exchange rate. For those operations, changes in exchange rates generally do not affect cash flows; therefore, resulting translation adjustments are made in shareholders equity rather than in the consolidated statements of operations. The Plan relates to a U.K. subsidiary, which currently records a valuation allowance against its net deferred tax assets. As a result, income tax effects on the net activity have not been presented related to each component of other comprehensive income (loss) for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021. 
 115 

Table of Contents 
 ; and typically expire from date of grant or post-termination. In the case of the options issued in relation to the Envigo acquisition, the options expire from date of grant or post-termination. RSAs, which are shares granted at cost on the grant date and typically vest over . With respect to RSAs, recipients do have voting rights on the stock during the vesting period. RSUs, which represent an unsecured promise to grant at cost a set number of shares of common stock upon the completion of the vesting schedule, and typically vest over . With respect to RSUs, recipients do not have voting rights on the stock during the vesting period. In March 2018, the Company s shareholders approved the amendment and restatement of the 2008 Stock Option Plan in the form of the Amended and Restated 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (as amended, the Equity Plan ). Since March 2018, the Equity Plan has been amended three times: (i) in March 2020, the shareholders approved an amendment to increase the number of shares issuable under the amended and restated plan by and to make corresponding changes to the number of shares issuable as incentive options and as restricted stock or pursuant to restricted stock units (ii) in November 2021, the Company s shareholders approved an amendment to the Company s 2018 Equity Incentive Plan to increase the number of shares available for awards thereunder by shares and to make certain corresponding changes to the plan; and (iii) in March 2022, the shareholders approved a further amendment to remove certain limitations on the number of stock options, stock appreciation rights, shares of restricted stock and restricted stock units that could be awarded to an employee participant in any fiscal year. 
 The Company currently grants equity awards from the Equity Plan. At September 30, 2022, shares remained available for grants under the Equity Plan. The Company expenses the estimated fair value of stock options over the vesting periods of the grants. The Company recognizes expense for awards subject to graded vesting using the straight-line attribution method. The Company adjusts stock-based compensation expense for forfeitures in the period that a forfeiture occurs. The following table provides stock-based compensation by the financial statement line item in which it is reflected: Other operating expense - Stock-based compensation, before income taxes Provision for income taxes ) ) Stock-based compensation, net of income taxes stock-based compensation related costs were capitalized in fiscal years 2022 and 2021. The weighted-average assumptions used to compute the fair value of options granted for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 were as follows: Dividend yield Volatility of the expected market price of the Company s common shares Expected life of the options (years) 
 116 

Table of Contents 
 Granted Exercised ) Canceled ) Outstanding as of September 30, 2022 Exercisable as of September 30, 2022 Expected to vest as of September 30, 2022 The weighted-average grant date fair value of stock options granted was and for fiscal years ended 2022 and 2021, respectively. The total intrinsic value of options exercised during fiscal years ended 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively, with intrinsic value defined as the difference between the market price on the date of exercise and the exercise price. Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Outstanding September 30, 2022 As of September 30, 2022, the total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested restricted shares was and is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average service period of years. The total fair value of the restricted shares granted during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. The total fair falue of restricted shares vested during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 
 117 

Table of Contents 
 Outstanding September 30, 2022 As of September 30, 2022, the total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested restricted stock units was and is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average service period of years. The total fair value of the restricted stock units granted during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022 was . restricted stock units vested during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022. 
 118 

Table of Contents) Non-U.S. ) Total (loss) income before income taxes ) Significant components of our deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows: Allowance for credit losses Accrued compensation and vacation Accrued expenses and other Domestic net operating loss carryforwards Foreign net operating loss carryforwards Foreign tax credit carryforwards Unrealized foreign exchange Goodwill Stock compensation expense Business Interest Limitation Leases Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Prepaid expenses ) ) Accrued expenses and other ) Accreted interest on convertible debt ) Basis difference for property and equipment ) ) Basis difference for intangible assets ) ) Goodwill ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Total net deferred tax assets (liabilities) ) Valuation allowance for net deferred tax assets ) ) Net deferred tax asset (liabilities) ) ) 
 119 

Table of Contents 
 State and local Foreign Deferred: Federal ) ) State and local ) ) Foreign ) Income tax (benefit) ) ) The effective income tax rate on continuing operations varied from the statutory federal income tax rate as follows: Increases (decreases): State and local income taxes, net of Federal tax benefit, if applicable Change in Tax Rates Loss on Fair Value Remeasument of Embedded Derivative ) Nondeductible Compensation ) Other nondeductible expenses ) ) Goodwill ) Disregarded entities Foreign rate differential ) Valuation allowance changes from activity Valuation allowance changes from acquisitions ) Effective income tax rate ) U.S. GAAP requires that valuation allowances should be established against deferred tax assets based on consideration of all available evidence, both positive and negative, using a more likely than not standard. The Company assesses its deferred income taxes to determine if valuation allowances are required or should be adjusted. This assessment considers, among other matters, the nature, frequency and amount of recent losses, the duration of statutory carryforward periods, and tax planning strategies. In making such judgments, significant weight is given to evidence that can be objectively verified. The Company s U.S. tax reporting group has a cumulative three-year loss. The reversal of a deferred tax liability cannot be determined or considered a source of income for valuation allowance purposes where an NOL in the reversal period is limited. Therefore, the result is a valuation allowance in excess of net deferred tax assets and a net credit balance. The valuation allowance related to the Company s U.S. tax reporting group as of September 30, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively, and for the foreign entities, as the Company does not believe that these deferred tax assets will be realized in the foreseeable future. The Company did not have a non-U.S. tax footprint until fiscal year 2022. Payments made in fiscal years 2022 and 2021 for income taxes, net of refunds, amounted to and , respectively. The Company s non-U.S. subsidiaries cumulative undistributed earnings, projected as of September 30, 2022, are considered to be indefinitely reinvested. Accordingly, provision for U.S. federal and state income taxes or withholding taxes has been made in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Further, a determination of the unrecognized deferred tax liability for the amount indefinitely reinvested is not practicable due to the complexities in the tax laws and assumptions we would have to make. As of November 5, 2021, with the acquisition of Envigo, the Company adopted an accounting policy regarding the treatment of taxes due on future inclusion of non-U.S. income in U.S. taxable 
 120 

Table of Contents 
 deferred tax related to these provisions has been recorded as of September 30, 2022. At September 30, 2022, the Company had domestic net operating loss carryforwards for federal tax purposes of , of which would expire in and approximately may be carried forward indefinitely. State and local loss carryforwards total approximately . The majority expire from through 2041 ; however, approximately may be carried forward indefinitely, as they relate to states conforming to the provisions of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act which allowed for an indefinite carryforward period of losses generated after December 31, 2017. As a result of the current year acquisitions, the Company has not yet completed an Internal Revenue Code Section 382 study regarding certain limitations on the future usage of net operating losses. The Company had non-U.S. net operating loss carryforwards of , which have been fully offset by valuation allowance and an uncertain tax position. These losses may be carried forward indefinitely. The Company may recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not to be sustained upon regulatory examination based on the technical merits of the position. The amount of the benefit for which an exposure exists is measured as the largest amount of benefit determined on a cumulative probability basis that we believe is more likely than not to be realized upon ultimate settlement of the position. There have been no additional gross uncertain tax positions during fiscal 2022 based on any federal, state tax position. The Company s only uncertain tax position, in a foreign jurisdiction, was derived from a business combination. The Company established an uncertain tax position of in accordance with ASC 805-740 to directly offset acquired foreign net operating losses of within the foreign net deferred tax liability. The Company is no longer subject to U.S. Federal tax examinations for years before 2017 or state and local for years before 2016, with limited exceptions. For federal purposes, the tax attributes carried forward could be adjusted through the examination process and are subject to examination 3 years from the date of utilization. On March 27, 2020, President Trump signed the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security (CARES) Act, due to the coronavirus pandemic. Among other things, the legislation provides tax relief for businesses. The Company received a PPP loan of and applied for forgiveness of . The Company s application for the forgiveness of the PPP loan in the amount of was approved in July 2021. 
 121 

Table of Contents 
 
 122 

Table of Contents 
 Cambodian government officials, have been criminally charged by the USAO-FL with conspiring to illegally import NHPs into the United States from December 2017 through January 2022 and in connection with specific imports between July 2018 and December 2021. As of the filing date of this Report, the Company has not received any additional subpoenas related to this matter. and for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. LS Associates is owned in part by the Company s CEO, Robert W. Leasure Jr. The Company received consulting services from LS Associates prior to Mr. Leasure being elected as CEO and continues to use services of the consulting firm on an as needed basis. The Company sub-contracts technical report writing at its Boulder site to Report Right, LLC. Report Right, LLC is owned by an immediate family member of a current employee. Total expense incurred for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. The Company issued unsecured subordinated promissory notes in an aggregate principal amount of to the former shareholders of Bolder BioPATH, who are affiliates of the Company. Total principal outstanding as of September 30, 2022 was . The Company expensed in interest during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022. See description of promissory note in Note 7. The Company issued unsecured subordinated promissory notes in an aggregate principal amount of to the former shareholders of Plato, who are affiliates of the Company. Total principal outstanding as of September 30, 2022 was . The Company expensed in interest during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022. See description of promissory note in Note 7. 
 123 

Table of Contents 
 to the former shareholders of Histion, who are affiliates of the Company. Total principal outstanding as of September 30, 2022 was . The Company expensed in interest during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022. See description of promissory note in Note 7. The Company issued unsecured subordinated promissory notes in an aggregate principal amount of to the former shareholders of Protypia, who are affiliates of the Company. Total principal outstanding as of September 30, 2022 was . The Company expensed in interest during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022. See description of promissory note in Note 7. delayed draw term loan facility under the Credit Agreement, dated November 5, 2021, as amended January 27, 2022. A portion of the proceeds was used to repay balance on revolving credit facility. On November 16, 2022, the Company became aware that the USAO-SDFL had criminally charged employees of the principal supplier of NHPs to the Company, along with Cambodian government officials, with conspiring to illegally import NHPs into the U.S. from December 2017 through January 2022 and in connection with specific imports between July 2018 and December 2021. Due to this, the Company believed that it was prudent, through the filing date of this report, to refrain from selling or delivering any of its Cambodian NHPs held in the U.S. The Company has continued to sell NHPs from other suppliers. The Company has shipments of its Cambodian NHP inventory scheduled, which will be resumed once existing inventory can be reasonably determined to be purpose-bred. As a result of the impact this will have to operating results and cash flows, the Company has determined impairment indicators exist and will report any potential impairment charges within the quarterly report for quarter ending December 31, 2022, for assets including inventory, long-lived assets (property and equipment and intangible assets) and goodwill. On December 29, 2022, the Company, certain subsidiaries of the Company (the Subsidiary Guarantors ), the lenders party thereto, and Jefferies Finance LLC, as administrative agent (the Agent ), entered into a Second Amendment Second Amendment to the Credit Agreement, dated November 5, 2021, as amended by that First Amendment on January 27, 2022 (as amended, the Credit Agreement ). The Second Amendment provides for, among other things, an extension to January 13, 2023 of the requirements to provide to the lenders the audited financial statements for the Company s fiscal year ended September 30, 2022 and an annual budget for 2023. The Second Amendment adds a requirement that the Company provide, within days after the end of each month, an unaudited consolidated balance sheet, statement of income and statement of cash flows as of the end of, and for, such month, as well as a key performance indicator report. The Second Amendment also requires that, within business days after the end of each month, the Company will provide a rolling -week cash flow forecast prepared on a monthly basis. The Second Amendment further provides that, upon the request of the Required Lenders (as defined in the Credit Agreement), the Company will permit a financial advisor designated by the Required Lenders to meet with management of the Company to discuss the affairs, finances, accounts and condition of the Company during the period following the effective date of the Second Amendment. In addition, the Second Amendment requires the Company to deliver an updated organization chart and certain supplemental information regarding the Company s subsidiaries in connection with each quarterly report required pursuant to the Credit Agreement. Under the Second Amendment, the Company may elect to borrow on each of the loan facilities at either an adjusted term secured overnight financing rate Term SOFR rate of interest or an alternate base rate of interest. Adjusted Term SOFR loans shall accrue interest at an annual rate equal to the applicable Term SOFR rate plus (i) an adjustment percentage equal to between and , depending on the term of the loan Adjusted Term SOFR provided that, Adjusted Term SOFR shall never be less than , and (ii) a margin of between and , depending on the Company s then current Secured Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement). Alternate base rate loans shall accrue interest at an annual rate equal to (i) the highest of (a) the Federal Funds Effective Rate (as defined 
 124 

Table of Contents 
 , (b) the Agent s prime rate and (c) Adjusted Term SOFR for a one-month tenor plus (the Alternate Base Rate provided that, the Alternate Base Rate shall never be less than , plus (ii) a margin of between and , depending on the Company s then current Secured Leverage Ratio. The Second Amendment also provides that the Company may not request any credit extensions under the revolving credit facility under the Credit Agreement: (i) prior to delivery of the audited financial statements and related compliance certificate for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022; and (ii) thereafter, if any of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 4.02 of the Credit Agreement cannot be satisfied, including, without limitation, the making of the representation and warranty that as of the date of the most recent audited financial statements delivered to the Agent, no event, change, circumstance, condition, development or occurrence has had, or would reasonably be expected to result in, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect (as defined in the Credit Agreement). In addition, the Second Amendment provides that, no later than January 13, 2023 (or such later date as the Required Lenders shall agree in their discretion), the Company shall (i) appoint a financial advisor on terms reasonably acceptable to the Required Lenders and the Company for a term of at least six months, (ii) provide a 13-week budget to the Agent, and (iii) deliver a perfection certificate supplement updating certain information previously provided with respect to each of the Company and the Subsidiary Guarantors, including information regarding certain collateral and other assets owned by such parties. On January 9, 2023, the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors, the lenders party thereto, and the Agent, entered into a Third Amendment Third Amendment to the Credit Agreement, dated November 5, 2021, as amended by that Amendment on January 27, 2022 and that Second Amendment on December 29, 2022 (as amended by each of the Amendment, Second Amendment and the Third Amendment, the Credit Agreement ). The Third Amendment provides that, among other things, during the period beginning on January 9, 2023 and, subject to the terms of the Credit Agreement, ending on the date on which financial statements for the Company s fiscal quarter ending March 31, 2024 are delivered or are required to be delivered, as long as no event of default has occurred, (the Amendment Relief Period ): the Cambodian NHP-related matters, to the extent existing and disclosed to the lenders prior to December 29, 2022, shall not constitute a material adverse effect under the Credit Agreement and will not restrict the Company s ability to request credit extensions under the revolving credit facility; the use of borrowings under the revolving credit facility is limited to funding operational expenses of the Company in the ordinary course and cannot be used for the making or funding of investments, permitted acquisitions or restricted payments, payments or purchases with respect to any indebtedness, bonuses or executive compensation, or judgments, fines or settlements; and additional limitations are imposed on the Company under the Credit Agreement, including restrictions on permitted asset sales, a prohibition on making permitted acquisitions, and significant limitations on the ability to incur additional debt, make investments and make restricted payments. The Third Amendment provides that from and after the date thereof, no incremental facilities under the Credit Agreement may be established or incurred. The Third Amendment also provides for additional mandatory prepayments of borrowed amounts following the receipt by the Company of certain cash receipts, including proceeds from certain equity issuances and cash received by the Company not in the ordinary course of business. Under the Third Amendment, after any draw on the revolving credit facility, the Company s cash and cash equivalents held on hand domestically within the U.S. cannot exceed million. The fee consideration payable by the Company for each consenting lender party to the Third Amendment is: (i) of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the term loans held by each consenting term loan lender, to be paid in-kind and capitalized to the principal amounts of the term loans held by such lender; (ii) of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the term loans held by each consenting term loan lender, to be paid in cash upon the occurrence of certain prepayments of the term loan under the Credit Agreement; and (iii) of the aggregate amount of the revolving commitments held by each consenting revolving lender, to be paid in cash upon the occurrence with certain permanent reductions of the revolving loans under the Credit Agreement. 
 125 

Table of Contents 
 and , depending on the term of the loan Adjusted Term SOFR ), provided that, the Adjusted Term SOFR shall never be less than per annum, plus (ii) an applicable margin of per annum for term loans maintained as SOFR loans or per annum for revolving loans maintained as SOFR loans. Alternate base rate loans shall accrue interest at an annual rate equal to (i) the highest of (a) the Federal Funds Effective Rate (as defined in the Credit Agreement) plus , (b) the Agent s prime rate and (c) Adjusted Term SOFR for a one-month tenor plus (the Alternate Base Rate ), provided that, the Alternate Base Rate is subject to a floor of per annum plus (ii) an applicable margin of per annum for term loans maintained as Alternate Base Rate loans or per annum for revolving loans maintained as Alternate Base Rate loans. The Company is reviewing the Credit Agreement, as amended for accounting and tax impacts, which would be included in the quarterly report for quarter ending December 31, 2022. 
 126 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 9 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE None. ITEM 9A CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) are controls and other procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports filed or submitted by us under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, including those designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports filed or submitted by us under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including our President and Chief Executive Officer (our principal executive officer) and our Chief Financial Officer (our principal financial officer), or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer have evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this Report. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of September 30, 2022 because of the material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting described below. Notwithstanding the conclusion by our President and Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer that our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2022 were not effective, and notwithstanding the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting described below, management believes that the consolidated financial statements and related financial information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly present in all material respects our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows as of the dates presented, and for the periods ended on such dates, in conformity with U.S. GAAP. Management s report on internal control over financial reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the Company s principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by the Company s board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that: Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 127 

Table of Contents 
 Internal control over financial reporting cannot provide absolute assurance of achieving financial reporting objectives because of its inherent limitations. Internal control over financial reporting is a process that involves human diligence and compliance and is subject to lapses in judgment and breakdowns resulting from human failures. Internal control over financial reporting can also be circumvented by collusion or improper management override. Because of such limitations, there is a risk that material misstatements may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by internal control over financial reporting. However, these inherent limitations are known features of the financial reporting process. Therefore, it is possible to design into the process safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate, this risk. The Company s management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2022. In making this assessment, the Company s management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013). Management s assessment did not include an assessment of the internal controls of entities Envigo, RSI, ILS, OBRC and Protypia that were acquired in fiscal 2022. The results of these acquisitions are included in the Company s 2022 consolidated financial statements and constituted 78 of the Company s total assets as of September 30, 2022 and 73 of the Company s total revenue for the year then ended. Based on that assessment, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of September 30, 2022, the Company s internal control over financial reporting was not effective, due to the material weaknesses described below. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. As of September 30, 2022, management identified the following material weaknesses in internal controls: a) Management did not design and maintain effective controls over information technology general controls (ITGCs) for all applications that are relevant to the preparation of the consolidated financial statements throughout the year ended September 30, 2022, which resulted in ineffective business process controls (automated and IT-dependent manual controls) that could result in misstatements potentially impacting all of the financial statement accounts and disclosures. Specifically, management did not design and maintain: sufficient user access controls to ensure appropriate segregation of duties and adequately restrict user and privileged access to financial applications, programs and data to appropriate Company personnel; and program change management controls to ensure that information technology (IT) program and data changes affecting financial information technology applications and underlying accounting records are authorized, tested, and implemented appropriately. As a result, business process controls (automated and IT-dependent manual controls) that are dependent on the ineffective ITGCs, or that use data produced from systems impacted by the ineffective ITGCs were deemed ineffective at September 30, 2022; and b) Management did not have an adequate process in place to design and test the operating effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting in a timely manner or an adequate process in place to monitor and provide oversight over the completion of its assessment of internal controls over financial reporting. As such, we determined that management did not effectively design and implement components of the COSO framework to address all relevant risks of material misstatement, including elements of the control environment, information and communication, control activities and monitoring activities components, relating to: (i) providing sufficient and timely management oversight and ownership over the internal control evaluation process; (ii) hiring and training sufficient personnel to timely support the Company s internal control objectives; and (iii) performing timely monitoring and oversight to ascertain whether the components of internal control are present and functioning effectively. As a result, controls relevant to all business processes and related controls (including relevant entity level controls) were deemed ineffective at September 30, 2022. Additionally, management determined that the material weakness previously identified and disclosed related to the accounting for the tax impacts of acquisitions that qualify as stock transactions for tax purposes existing as of 
 128 

Table of Contents 
 September 30, 2021 continued to exist as of September 30, 2022 without remediation and is included and appropriately resides within the COSO related material weakness identified above. As a result of the material weaknesses described above, the Company s management has concluded that, as of September 30, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was ineffective. The material weaknesses did not result in any identified misstatements to our consolidated financial statements, and there were no changes to previously released financial results. Remediation of the Material Weaknesses in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, management is re-assessing the design of controls and modifying processes designed to improve our internal control over financial reporting and remediate the control deficiencies that led to the material weaknesses, including but not limited to, (a) hiring additional accounting and IT personnel with appropriate technical skillsets, (b) improving consistency in ITGCs supported by standard operating procedures to govern the authorization, testing and approval of changes to information technology systems supporting all of the Company s internal control processes, (c) enhancing design and implementation of our control environment, including the expansion of formal accounting and IT policies and procedures and financial reporting controls, and (d) implementing appropriate timely review and oversight responsibilities within the accounting and financial reporting functions. The material weaknesses cannot be considered remediated until the applicable controls operate for a sufficient period of time and management has concluded, through testing, that these controls are operating effectively. Attestation on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Due to the Company remaining a non-accelerated filer in connection with this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Company s independent registered public accounting firm is not required to issue an attestation report on the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2022. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Except for the determination by management of the material weaknesses in internal controls over financial reporting described above, there have been no other changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fourth quarter of the year ended September 30, 2022, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. ITEM 9B OTHER INFORMATION The Company is reporting the following information in lieu of reporting on a Current Report on Form 8-K: Under Form 8-K, Item 1.01, Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement and Item 2.03, Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of the Registrant : On January 9, 2023, the Company, certain subsidiaries of the Company, the lenders party thereto, and Jefferies Finance LLC, as administrative agent, entered into a Third Amendment to the Credit Agreement, dated November 5, 2021, as amended by that First Amendment on January 27, 2022 and that Second Amendment on December 29, 2022. See Note 18 - Subsequent Events for a description of the terms of the Third Amendment. Under Form 8-K, Item 5.02, Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers: In December 2022, the Compensation Committee approved various compensation matters for the Company s executive officers. With respect to Mr. Leasure, the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer, the Committee approved a 1,000,000 discretionary cash bonus, payable in January 2023 and an award of restricted stock units with a 
 129 

Table of Contents 
 value 500,000, to be granted on the third trading day after the filing of this Form 10-K. The Compensation Committee approved the bonus and equity award in recognition of the substantial contributions made by Mr. Leasure in fiscal year 2022, and particularly noted the significant accomplishments related to acquisition activities, balance sheet management, technology development, human capital development, capital investment and new business development and investments. The Compensation Committee also considered that Mr. Leasure has had and will continue to have other employment opportunities in and outside the industries in which the Company operates, and believes that providing this cash bonus and equity award, along with the other components of Mr. Leasure s compensation, will assist in retaining his continued service to the Company. ITEM 9C DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS None. PART III ITEM 10 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Directors and Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act Any information required by this Item regarding our directors and compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act by our officers and directors will be included in the 2023 Proxy Statement under the sections captioned Election of Directors and Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports and is incorporated herein by reference thereto. The information required by this Item regarding our corporate governance will be included in the 2023 Proxy Statement under the section captioned Corporate Governance and is incorporated herein by reference thereto. Executive Officers The information included under the caption Information about our Executive Officers in Part I, Item 1 herein is incorporated herein by reference in response to this item. Audit Committee Financial Expert The information required by this Item regarding the audit committee of the Board of Directors and financial experts will be included in the 2023 Proxy Statement under the section captioned Committees and Meetings of the Board of Directors and is incorporated herein by reference thereto. Code of Ethics We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to all of our employees and directors, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer, controller, or persons performing similar functions. Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is posted on our website and can be accessed by selecting the Governance link at http://ir.inotivco.com. Information on our website is not incorporated by reference in this annual report. ITEM 11 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to information in the 2023 Proxy Statement under the captions Compensation of Executive Officers and Non-employee Director Compensation and Benefits. 
 130 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 12 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS The information required by this Item will be included in the 2023 Proxy Statement under the sections captioned Principal Shareholders and Equity Compensation Plan Information is incorporated herein by reference.. ITEM 13 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to information in the 2023 Proxy Statement under the captions Family Relationships and Certain Relationships and Related Transactions. ITEM 14 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to information in the 2023 Proxy Statement under the caption Fees to Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 131 

Table of Contents 
 PART IV ITEM 15 EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES (a) Documents filed as part of this Report. 1. Financial Statements: See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8 of this Report. 2. Financial Statement Schedules: Schedules are not required, are not applicable or the information is shown in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 3. Exhibits: See Index to Exhibits, which is incorporated herein by reference. ITEM 16 FORM 10-K SUMMARY None. 
 132 

Table of Contents 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 

Number Description of Exhibits (2) 2.1 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated November 8, 2019, by and among Bioanalytical Systems, Inc., Bronco Research Services LLC and Pre-Clinical Research Services, Inc. and its Shareholder (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Form 10-Q filed February 14, 2020). 2.2 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated April, 13, 2021, by and among Inotiv, Inc., Inotiv-Boulder HTL, LLC, HistoTox Labs, Inc. and the stockholder of HistoTox Labs, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed April 19, 2021). 2.3 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated April 15, 2021, by and among Inotiv, Inc., Rock Mergeco, Inc., Inotiv Boulder, LLC, Bolder BioPATH, Inc. and the shareholders of Bolder BioPATH, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed April 19, 2021) . 2.4 Agreement and Plan of Merger dated September 21, 2021 among the Company, certain merger subsidiaries of the Company, Envigo RMS Holding Corp. and Shareholder Representative Services LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Form 8-K filed September 21, 2021) . 2.5 Membership Interest Purchase Agreement, dated January 10, 2022, by and among Inotiv, Inc., Inotiv Moorsville, LLC, Integrated Laboratory Systems Holdings, LLC and Integrated Laboratory Systems, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Form 8-K filed January 13, 2022). 2.6 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated January 27, 2022, by and among Envigo Global Services, Inc., Inotiv, Inc. and Orient Bio, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Form 8-K filed January 31, 2022). (3) 3.1 Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Inotiv, Inc. as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to t Form 8-K filed November 5, 2021). 3.2 Third Amended and Restated Bylaws of Inotiv, Inc., as amended through November 2, 2022 (filed herewith) (4) 4.1 Specimen Certificate for Common Shares (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Registration Statement on Form S-1, Registration No. 333-36429). 4.2 Indenture, dated as of September 27, 2021, among Inotiv, Inc., the guarantor named therein and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-K filed September 27, 2021) . 4.3 Form of certificate representing the 3.25 Convertible Senior Notes due 2027 (included as Exhibit A to Exhibit 4.1) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Form 8-K filed September 27, 2021). 4.4 Description of Capital Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to Registration Statement on Form S-8 (Registration No. 333-261025) filed on November 12, 2021). 4.5 Form of Senior Indenture (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Registration Statement on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-266962) filed on August 18, 2022). 
 133 

Table of Contents 
 4.6 Form of Subordinated Indenture (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to Registration Statement on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-266962) filed on August 18, 2022). (10) 10.1 Agreement for Lease, by and among Bioanalytical Systems, Inc., Bioanalytical Systems Limited and Pettifer Estates Limited, dated October 11, 2007 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed October 17, 2007). 10.2 Form of Lease, by and among Bioanalytical Systems, Inc., Bioanalytical Systems Limited and Pettifer Estates Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed October 17, 2007). 10.3 Bioanalytical Systems, Inc. 2008 Director and Employee Stock Option Plan (incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the Revised Definitive Proxy Statement filed February 5, 2008). 10.4 Form of Employee Stock Option Agreement under Bioanalytical Systems, Inc. 2008 Director and Employee Stock Option Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2017). 10.5 Form of Director Stock Option Agreement under Bioanalytical Systems, Inc. 2008 Director and Employee Stock Option Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2017). 10.6 Lease Agreement between the Company and Cook Biotech, effective January 28, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 10-Q filed May 15, 2015). 10.7 Commercial Lease Agreement, effective July 16, 2018, between Seventh Wave Laboratories, LLC (f/k/a Cardinal Laboratories LLC) and SWL Properties LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2018). 10.8 Lease Term and Sublease Termination Agreement, effective July 16, 2018, by and among Seventh Wave Laboratories, LLC (f/k/a Cardinal Laboratories LLC), SWL Properties LLC and SWL Chrysalis, LLC (f/k/a Seventh Wave Laboratories, LLC) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2018). 10.9 Employment Agreement, by and between the Company and John E. Sagartz, DVM, Ph.D., DACVP, effective October 5, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2018). 10.10 Lease Agreement, dated December 30, 2009, by and between Rickman Firstfield Associates and Avanza Laboratories, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 10-Q filed August 14, 2019). 10.11 Assignment and Assumption of Lease, dated May 1, 2019, by and between Avanza Development Services, LLC and Oriole Toxicology Services LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Form 10-Q filed August 14, 2019). 10.12 Third Amendment to Lease, dated May 1, 2019, by and between Rickman Firstfield Associates and Oriole Toxicology Services LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Form 10-Q filed August 14, 2019). 10.13 Amended and Restated Inotiv, Inc. 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (As amended through January 25, 2022) (incorporated by reference to Annex A to the Definitive Proxy Statement for Inotiv, Inc. s 2022 annual meeting of shareholders filed on February 3, 2022). 
 134 

Table of Contents 
 10.14 First Amendment to Amended and Restated Inotiv, Inc. 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (As amended through January 25, 2022) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q filed on August 12, 2022). 10.15 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under Amended and Restated Inotiv, Inc. 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to Form 10-K filed December 26, 2019). 10.16 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Award Agreement under Amended and Restated Inotiv, Inc. 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to Form 10-K filed December 26, 2019). 10.17 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Amended and Restated 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Form 8-K filed January 31, 2022). 10.18 Shareholders Agreement, dated November 5, 2021, by and among Inotiv, Inc. and the shareholders signatory thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed November 5, 2021). 10.19 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of April 30, 2021, between the Company and First Internet Bank of Indiana (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Form 10-Q filed August 13, 2021). 10.20 First Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated May 26, 2021, between the Company and First Internet Bank of Indiana (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Form 10-Q filed August 13, 2021). 10.21 Consent and Waiver from First Internet Bank of Indiana, dated May 5, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Form 10-Q filed August 13, 2021). 10.22 Second Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated September 21, 2021, between the Company and First Internet Bank of Indiana (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K/A filed October 1, 2021). 10.23 Third Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated October 4, 2021, between Inotiv, Inc. and First Internet Bank of Indiana (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed October 4, 2021). 10.24 Credit Agreement, dated as of November 5, 2021, by and among Inotiv, Inc., certain subsidiaries of Inotiv, Inc., the lenders party thereto and Jefferies Finance LLC, as administrative agent and collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed November 5, 2021). 10.25 First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of January 27, 2022, by and among Inotiv, Inc., certain subsidiaries of Inotiv, Inc., the lenders party thereto and Jefferies Finance LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed January 31, 2022). 10.26 Second Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of December 29, 2022, by and among Inotiv, Inc., certain subsidiaries of Inotiv, Inc., the lenders party thereto and Jefferies Finance LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed January 5, 2023). 
 135 

Table of Contents 
 10.27 Third Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of January 9, 2023, by and among Inotiv, Inc., certain subsidiaries of Inotiv, Inc., the lenders party thereto and Jefferies Finance LLC (filed herewith). 10.28 Promissory note, dated April 18, 2020, entered into by the Company in favor of Huntington National Bank pursuant to the Paycheck Protection Program as administered by the U.S. Small Business Administration (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q filed August 14, 2020). 10.29 Employment Agreement, dated January 27, 2022, between the Company and Robert Leasure, Jr. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed January 31, 2022). 10.30 Offer Letter from the Company to Beth A. Taylor, dated February 20, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Form 10-Q filed May 14, 2020). 10.31 Offer Letter from the Company to John Greg Beattie, dated February 8, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q filed May 14, 2021). (16) 16.1 Letter from RSM US LLP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 16.1 to Form 8-K filed November 5, 2021). (21) 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Registrant (filed herewith). (23) 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Ernst Young US LLP (filed herewith). 23.2 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm RSM US LLP (filed herewith). (31) 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer (filed herewith). 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer (filed herewith) . (32) 32.1 Written Statement of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. Section 1350) (filed herewith). 32.2 Written Statement of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. Section 1350) (filed herewith). 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL). 

 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement 
 136 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

INOTIV, INC. Date: January 11, 2023 By: /s/ Robert W. Leasure, Jr. Robert W. Leasure, Jr. President and Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature Title Date /s/ Robert W. Leasure, Jr. President, Chief Executive Officer January 11, 2023 Robert W. Leasure, Jr. and Director (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Beth A. Taylor Chief Financial Officer January 11, 2023 Beth A. Taylor (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ Brennan Freeman Vice President Finance and Corporate Controller January 11, 2023 Brennan Freeman (Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ Gregory C. Davis Chairman of the Board of Directors January 12, 2023 Gregory C. Davis, Ph.D. /s/ Nigel Brown Director January 11, 2023 Nigel Brown, Ph.D. /s/ Scott Cragg Director January 11, 2023 Scott Cragg /s/ Richard A. Johnson Director January 12, 2023 Richard A. Johnson, Ph.D. /s/ R. Matthew Neff Director January 11, 2023 R. Matthew Neff /s/ John E. Sagartz Director January 12, 2023 John E. Sagartz, DVM, Ph.D., DACVP 
 137 

<EX-3.2>
 2
 notv-20220930xex3d2.htm
 EX-3.2

Exhibit 3.2 THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS OF INOTIV, INC. (Including Amendments through November 2, 2022) ARTICLE I. Records Pertaining To Share Ownership Section 1.1. Recognition of Shareholders. Inotiv, Inc. (the Corporation is entitled to recognize a person registered on its books as the owner of shares of the Corporation as having the exclusive right to receive dividends and to vote those shares, notwithstanding any other person s equitable or other claim to, or interest in, those shares. Section 1.2. Transfer of Shares. Shares are transferable only on the books of the Corporation, subject to any transfer restrictions imposed by the Articles of Incorporation of the Corporation, as amended to date (the Articles of Incorporation ), these Bylaws, or an agreement among shareholders and the Corporation. The Board of Directors of the Corporation (the Board of Directors may make such rules and regulations as it may deem expedient, not inconsistent with these Bylaws, concerning the issue, transfer and registration of certificates for shares of the stock of the Corporation. Shares may be so transferred either (a) upon presentation of the certificate representing the shares, endorsed by the appropriate person or persons, and accompanied by (i) reasonable assurance that those endorsements are genuine and effective, and (ii) a request to register the transfer; or (b) in any manner described in any rule or regulation promulgated by the Board of Directors under this Section 1.2. Transfers of shares are otherwise subject to the provisions of the Indiana Business Corporation Law, as amended (the Act ), Article 8 of the Indiana Uniform Commercial Code and federal securities laws. Section 1.3. Certificates. Shares of stock of each class and/or series of the Corporation may be certificated or uncertificated, as provided under the Act. This authorization does not affect any shares represented by a certificate until the certificate is surrendered in accordance with Section 1.2. Each holder of certificated shares and, upon request, each holder of uncertificated shares in the Corporation shall be entitled to have a certificate signed (manually or in facsimile) by the President or a Vice President and the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary. Every certificate shall state on its face (or in the case of uncertificated shares, the statements evidencing ownership of such shares shall state) (a) the name of the Corporation and that it was organized under Indiana law, (b) the name of the person to whom issued, (c) the number, class, and series of shares represented, and (d) a conspicuous statement that the Corporation will furnish to the shareholder on request, in writing, and without charge, a summary of the designations, relative rights, preferences and limitations applicable to each such class of shares, and the variations in rights, preferences, and limitations determined for each series within a class (and the authority of the Board of Directors to determine variations for future series). Subject to the foregoing provisions, the Board of Directors shall prescribe the form of certificates representing shares of the Corporation. Section 1.4. Lost or Destroyed Certificates. A new certificate may be issued to replace a lost or destroyed certificate. Unless waived by the Board of Directors, the shareholder in whose name the certificate was issued shall make an affidavit or affirmation of the fact that the certificate is lost or destroyed, shall advertise the loss or destruction in such manner as the Board of Directors may require, and shall give the Corporation a bond of indemnity in the amount and form which the Board of Directors may prescribe. ARTICLE II. Meetings of the Shareholders 

Section 2.1. Annual Meetings. Annual meetings of the shareholders shall be held on such date as may be designated by the Board of Directors. Section 2.2. Special Meetings. Special meetings of the shareholders may be called by the President or by the Board of Directors. Special meetings of the shareholders shall be called upon delivery to the Secretary of the Corporation of one or more written demands for a special meeting of the shareholders describing the purposes of that meeting, setting forth the same information with respect to the business proposed to be conducted at the special meeting as is required by Section 2.6(e) of these Bylaws to be provided in a notification of business to be proposed at an annual meeting of shareholders and signed and dated by the holders of at least 25 of all the votes entitled to be cast on any issue proposed to be considered at that meeting. Section 2.3. Place of Meeting and Participation in Meetings by Remote Communication. All meetings of the shareholders of the Corporation shall be held at such place, if any, within or without the State of Indiana, as may from time to time be fixed by the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors, acting in its sole discretion, may establish guidelines and procedures in accordance with applicable provisions of the Act and any other applicable law for the participation by shareholders in a meeting of shareholders by means of remote communication, and may determine that any meeting of shareholders will not be held at any place but will instead be held solely by means of remote communication. Shareholders complying with such procedures and guidelines and otherwise entitled to vote at a meeting of shareholders shall be deemed present in person and may vote at the meeting of shareholders, whether such meeting is to be held at a designated place or solely by means of remote communication. Section 2.4. Notice of Meetings. The Corporation shall deliver, mail or send by electronic transmission written notice stating the date, time, and place, if any, of each shareholders meeting, the means of remote communication, if any, by which shareholders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such meeting, and, in the case of a special shareholders meeting or when otherwise required by law, a description of the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called, to each shareholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting, at such address as appears in the records of the Corporation and at least 10, but no more than 60, days before the date of the meeting. If mailed, such notice shall be deemed to be given when deposited in the United States mail, with postage thereon prepaid, directed to the shareholder at such shareholder s address as it appears on the record of shareholders of the Corporation. Section 2.5. Waiver of Notice. A shareholder may waive notice of any meeting, before or after the date and time of the meeting as stated in the notice, by delivering a signed waiver to the Corporation for inclusion in the minutes. A shareholder s attendance at any meeting or participation at such meeting by remote communication in accordance with the Act, in person or by proxy (a) waives objection to lack of notice or defective notice of the meeting, unless the shareholder at the beginning of the meeting objects to holding the meeting or transacting business at the meeting, and (b) waives objection to consideration of a particular matter at the meeting that is not within the purposes described in the meeting notice, unless the shareholder objects to considering the matter when it is presented. Notice of adjournment of a meeting of shareholders need not be given if the date, time and place, if any, to which it is adjourned and the means of remote communication, if any, by which shareholders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at the meeting are announced at such meeting, unless, after adjournment, a new record date is or must be fixed for the adjourned meeting. Section 2.6. Order of Business. (a) At each meeting of the shareholders, the Chairman of the Board or, in the absence of the Chairman of the Board or at the request of the Chairman of the Board, the President, or such other person designated by the Chairman of the Board or the Board of Directors, shall act as chairman of such meeting. The Board of Directors shall be entitled to make such rules and regulations for 
 2 

the conduct of meetings of shareholders as it shall deem necessary, appropriate or convenient. Subject to such rules and regulations of the Board of Directors, if any, the chairman of the meeting shall have the right and authority to prescribe such rules, regulations and procedures and to do all such acts as, in the judgment of such chairman of the meeting, are necessary, appropriate or convenient for the proper conduct of the meeting, including, without limitation, establishing an agenda or order of business for the meeting, rules and procedures for maintaining order at the meeting and the safety of those present, limitations on participation in the meeting to shareholders of record of the Corporation, their duly authorized and constituted proxies and such other persons as the chairman of the meeting shall permit, restrictions on entry to the meeting after the time fixed for the commencement thereof, limitations on the time allotted to questions or comments by participants and regulation of the opening and closing of the polls for balloting and matters which are to be voted on by ballot. Unless, and to the extent determined by the Board of Directors or the chairman of the meeting, meetings of shareholders shall not be required to be held in accordance with rules of parliamentary procedure. (b) The business transacted at any special meeting of shareholders is limited to the purpose or purposes stated in the notice of the meeting given pursuant to Section 2.4. (c) To be properly brought before an annual meeting, all business (other than the nomination of candidates for and the election of directors, which is governed by Section 3.2.1 of these Bylaws), must be (i) specified in the notice of the meeting (or any supplement thereto) given by or at the direction of the Board of Directors, (ii) otherwise properly brought before the meeting by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or (iii) otherwise properly brought before the meeting by a shareholder of the Corporation who (1) was a shareholder of record at the time of giving the notice provided for in the following subsections (d) and (e), (2) is entitled to vote at the meeting and (3) complied with the procedures set forth in this Section 2.6. For the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing subsection (iii) shall be the exclusive means for a shareholder to propose other business (other than a proposal included in the Corporation s proxy materials pursuant to and in compliance with Rule 14a-8 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) at an annual meeting of shareholders. (d) For business other than the nomination of candidates for and the election of directors to be properly brought by a shareholder before an annual meeting pursuant to clause (iii) of the preceding subsection (c), the shareholder must have given timely notice thereof in proper written form to the Secretary of the Corporation at the principal office of the Corporation. To be timely, a shareholder s notice must be delivered to or mailed and received at the principal office of the Corporation by the close of business not less than 90 days nor more than 120 days prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year s annual meeting; provided, however, that in the event that the date of the annual meeting is advanced by more than 30 days or delayed by more than 60 days from such anniversary date, or if no annual meeting was held in the preceding year, for notice by the shareholder to be timely, it must be received not earlier than the close of business on the 120 th day prior to such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the 90 th day prior to such annual meeting or the 10 th day following the day on which public announcement (as defined below) of the date of the annual meeting is first made. (e) Such shareholder s notice shall set forth as to each matter the shareholder proposes to bring before the annual meeting (i) a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the meeting and the reasons for conducting such business at the meeting and any material interest in such business of such shareholder and any Shareholder Associated Person (as defined below) on whose behalf the proposal is made; (ii) as to the shareholder giving the notice and any Shareholder Associated Person on whose behalf the proposal is made (1) the name and address of such shareholder, as they appear in the Corporation s records, and the name and address of any Shareholder Associated Person; (2) the class and number of shares of the Corporation which are owned beneficially or of record by such shareholder and any Shareholder Associated Person as of the date such notice is given; (3) any Derivative Instrument (as 
 3 

defined below) directly or indirectly beneficially owned by the shareholder or a Shareholder Associated Person, or any other direct or indirect opportunity for the shareholder or Shareholder Associated Person to profit or share in any profit derived from any increase or decrease in the value of shares of the Corporation, any proportionate interest in shares of the Corporation or Derivative Instruments held, directly or indirectly, by a general or limited partnership in which the shareholder or Shareholder Associated Person is a general partner or, directly or indirectly, beneficially owns an interest in a general partner, any short interest in any security of the Corporation (for purposes of this Bylaw a person shall be deemed to have a short interest in a security if such person directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship or otherwise, has the opportunity to profit or share in any profit derived from any decrease in the value of the subject security), any performance-related fees (other than an asset-based fee) that such shareholder or any Shareholder Associated Person is entitled to based on any increase or decrease in the value of shares of the Corporation or Derivative Instruments, if any, and any hedging or other transaction or series of transactions entered into by or on behalf of, or any other agreement, arrangement or understanding (including any short position or any borrowing or lending of shares) made, the effect or intent of which is to mitigate loss to or manage risk or benefit of share price changes for, or to increase or decrease the voting power of, such shareholder or any Shareholder Associated Person with respect to the Corporation s securities; and (4) a representation that such shareholder is a holder of record of shares of the Corporation entitled to vote at the meeting, will continue to be a holder of record of shares entitled to vote at the meeting through the date of such meeting and intends to appear in person or by proxy at the meeting to propose such business; (iii) in the event that such business includes a proposal to amend either the Articles of Incorporation or these Bylaws, the language of the proposed amendment; and (iv) if the shareholder intends to solicit proxies in support of such shareholder s proposal, a representation to that effect. (f) Notwithstanding anything in these Bylaws to the contrary and not including nominations of candidates for and the election of directors, which are governed by Section 3.2.1 of these Bylaws, no business shall be conducted at an annual meeting except in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 2.6. The chairman of an annual meeting may refuse to permit any business to brought before an annual meeting without compliance with the foregoing procedures or if the shareholder solicits proxies in support of such shareholder s proposal without such shareholder having made the representation required by clause (iv) of the preceding subsection (e). If a shareholder does not appear or send a qualified representative to present his or her proposal at such annual meeting, the Corporation need not present such proposal for a vote at such meeting, notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such vote may have been received by the Corporation. (g) For the purposes of this Section, public announcement shall mean disclosure in a press release reported by the Dow Jones News Service, Associated Press or comparable national news service or in a document publicly filed by the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Sections 13, 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Shareholder Associated Person of any shareholder means (i) any person controlling, directly or indirectly, or acting in concert with, such shareholder, (ii) any beneficial owner of shares of stock of the Corporation owned of record or beneficially by such shareholder and (iii) any person controlling, controlled by or under common control with such Shareholder Associated Person. Derivative Instrument means an option, warrant, convertible security, stock appreciation right, or similar right with an exercise or conversion privilege or a settlement payment or mechanism at a price related to any class or series of shares of the Corporation or with a value derived in whole or in part from the value of any class or series of shares of the Corporation, whether or not such instrument or right is subject to settlement in the underlying class or series of shares of the Corporation or otherwise. (h) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.6, a shareholder seeking to include a proposal in a proxy statement that has been prepared by the Corporation to solicit proxies for a 
 4 

shareholder meeting shall comply with all applicable requirements of state and federal law, including the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder, with respect to the matters set forth in this Section 2.6. (i) Except to the extent otherwise required by law, in no event shall the adjournment, recess or postponement of a meeting commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving of a shareholder s notice as described above. Section 2.7. Record Date. The Board of Directors may fix a record date, which may be a future date, for the purpose of determining the shareholders entitled to notice of a shareholders meeting, to demand a special meeting, to vote, or to take any other action. A record date shall be at least 10, but not more than 70, days before the meeting or action requiring a determination of shareholders. If the Board of Directors does not fix a record date, the record date shall be the 60th day prior to the date of the meeting or other action. Section 2.8. Voting by Proxy. A shareholder may appoint a proxy to vote or otherwise act for the shareholder (a) pursuant to a written appointment form executed by the shareholder or the shareholder s duly authorized attorney-in-fact, or (b) by telephonic transmission or authenticated electronic communication, whether or not accompanied by written instructions of the shareholder, of an appointment of a proxy with the Corporation or the Corporation s duly authorized agent at or before the meeting at which the appointment is to be effective. The telephonic transmission or authenticated electronic communication must set forth or be submitted with information from which it can be determined that the appointment was authorized by the shareholder. An appointment of a proxy is effective when received by the Secretary or other officer or agent of the Corporation authorized to tabulate votes. The general proxy of a fiduciary is given the same effect as the general proxy of any other shareholder. A proxy appointment is valid for 11 months unless otherwise expressly stated in the appointment form. Any shareholder directly or indirectly soliciting proxies from other shareholders must use a proxy card color other than white, which shall be reserved for the exclusive use by the Board of Directors. Section 2.9. Voting Lists. Following the record date for a shareholders meeting, the Secretary shall prepare an alphabetical list of all shareholders entitled to notice of the meeting, arranged by voting group and within each voting group by class and series, and showing the address and number of shares held by each shareholder. The list shall be kept on file at the principal office of the Corporation or at a place identified in the meeting notice in the city where the meeting will be held. The list shall be available for inspection and copying by any shareholder entitled to vote at the meeting, or by the shareholder s agent or attorney authorized in writing, at any time during regular business hours, beginning 5 business days before the date of the meeting through the meeting. The list shall also be made available to any shareholder, or to the shareholder s agent or attorney authorized in writing, at the meeting and any adjournment thereof. If the meeting is held solely by means of remote communication, the list shall be open to examination by any shareholder at any time during the meeting on a reasonably accessible electronic network, and information required to access this list shall be provided with the notice of the meeting. Failure to prepare or make available a voting list with respect to any shareholder s meeting shall not affect the validity of any action taken at such meeting. Section 2.10. Quorum; Approval. At any meeting of shareholders, a majority of the votes entitled to be cast on a matter by a voting group at the meeting constitutes a quorum of that voting group. If a quorum of a voting group is present when a vote is taken, action on a matter (other than the election of directors, which will be determined by a plurality of the votes cast by the shares entitled to vote in the election) is approved by that voting group if the votes cast in favor of the action exceed the votes cast in opposition to the action, unless a greater number is required by law, the Articles of Incorporation, or these Bylaws. If 
 5 

more than one voting group is entitled to vote on a matter, approval by each voting group is required for the matter to be approved by the shareholders as a whole. ARTICLE III. Board of Directors Section 3.1. Powers and Duties. All corporate powers are exercised by or under the authority of, and the business and affairs of the Corporation are managed under the direction of, the Board of Directors, unless otherwise provided in the Articles of Incorporation. Section 3.2. Number and Qualifications. The total number of directors of the Corporation shall be that specified or fixed in a resolution of the Board of Directors, but in no event shall the Corporation have fewer than one director. A director who has been removed pursuant to Section 3.3 ceases to serve immediately upon removal; otherwise, a director whose term has expired continues to serve until a successor is elected and qualifies or until there is a decrease in the number of directors. A person need not be a shareholder or an Indiana resident to qualify to be a director. Section 3.2.1. Nomination of Directors. (a) Only persons who are nominated in accordance with the following procedures shall be eligible for election as directors of the Corporation. Nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors may be made at any annual meeting of shareholders, or at any special meeting of shareholders called for the purpose of electing directors, (i) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors (or any duly authorized committee thereof) or (ii) by any shareholder of the Corporation (1) who is a shareholder of record on the date of the giving of the notice provided for in this Section 3.2.1 and on the record date for the determination of shareholders entitled to notice of and to vote at such meeting and (2) who complies with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 3.2.1. (b) In addition to any other applicable requirements, for a nomination to be made by a shareholder, such shareholder must have given timely notice thereof in proper written form to the Secretary of the Corporation at the principal office of the Corporation. (c) To be timely, a shareholder s notice to the Secretary must be delivered to or mailed and received at the principal office of the Corporation (a) in the case of an annual meeting, by the close of business not less than 90 days nor more than 120 days prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year s annual meeting; provided, however, that in the event that the date of the annual meeting is advanced by more than 30 days or delayed by more than 60 days from such anniversary date, or if no annual meeting was held in the preceding year, for notice by the shareholder to be timely, it must be received not earlier than the close of business on the 120 th day prior to such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the 90 th day prior to such annual meeting or the 10 th day following the day on which public announcement (as defined in Section 2.6 of these Bylaws) of the date of the annual meeting is first made; and (b) in the case of a special meeting of shareholders called for the purpose of electing directors, not earlier than the close of business on the 120 th day prior to such special meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the 90 th day prior to such special meeting or the 10 th day following the day on which public announcement is first made of the date of the special meeting. Except to the extent otherwise required by law, in no event shall the adjournment, recess or postponement of a shareholders meeting commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving of a shareholder s notice as described above. (d) To be in proper written form, such shareholder s notice to the Secretary must set forth (i) as to each person whom the shareholder proposes to nominate for election as a director (1) the name, age, business address and residence address of the person, (2) the principal occupation or employment of the person, (3) 
 6 

the class or series and number of shares of capital stock of the Corporation which are owned beneficially or of record by the person, and (4) any other information relating to the person that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filings required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies for election of directors pursuant to Section 14 of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder; and (ii) as to the shareholder giving the notice (1) the name and address of the shareholder who intends to make the nomination, as they appear in the Corporation s records, of the person or persons to be nominated and of any Shareholder Associated Person (as defined in Section 2.6 of these By-laws) on whose behalf the nomination is made; (2) a representation that the shareholder is a holder of record of shares of the Corporation entitled to vote at such meeting in such election, will continue to be a holder of record of shares entitled to vote at such meeting in such election through the date of such meeting and intends to appear in person or by proxy at the meeting to nominate the person or persons specified in the notice; (3) a representation that the person or persons to be nominated intend to serve as director(s) for the term(s) for which he, she or they are standing for election; (4)(A) the class and number of shares of the Corporation which are owned beneficially or of record by such shareholder and by any Shareholder Associated Person as of the date such notice is given, and (B) any Derivative Instrument directly or indirectly beneficially owned by the shareholder or a Shareholder Associated Person, or any other direct or indirect opportunity for the shareholder or Shareholder Associated Person to profit or share in any profit derived from any increase or decrease in the value of shares of the Corporation, any proportionate interest in shares of the Corporation or Derivative Instruments held, directly or indirectly, by a general or limited partnership in which the shareholder or Shareholder Associated Person is a general partner or, directly or indirectly, beneficially owns an interest in a general partner, any short interest in any security of the Corporation (for purposes of this Bylaw a person shall be deemed to have a short interest in a security if such person directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship or otherwise, has the opportunity to profit or share in any profit derived from any decrease in the value of the subject security), any performance-related fees (other than an asset-based fee) that such shareholder or any Shareholder Associated Person is entitled to based on any increase or decrease in the value of shares of the Corporation or Derivative Instruments, if any, and any hedging or other transaction or series of transactions entered into by or on behalf of, or any other agreement, arrangement or understanding (including any short position or any borrowing or lending of shares) made, the effect or intent of which is to mitigate loss to or manage risk or benefit of share price changes for, or to increase or decrease the voting power of, such shareholder or any Shareholder Associated Person with respect to the Corporation s securities; (5) a description of all arrangements or understandings or other material relationships (including any familial relationships) between or among the shareholder, any Shareholder Associated Person, each nominee and any other person or persons (naming such person or persons) pursuant to which the nomination or nominations are to be made by the shareholder; (6) such other information regarding each nominee proposed by such shareholder as would have been required to be disclosed in solicitations of proxies for the election of directors in an election contest (even if an election contest is not involved), or is otherwise required, in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A (or any successor provision) under the Exchange Act and the rules thereunder; (7) the consent of each nominee to be named in any proxy materials as a nominee and to serve as a director if so elected; and (8) if the shareholder intends to solicit proxies in support of such shareholder s nominee(s), a representation to that effect. The Corporation may require any person or persons to be nominated to furnish such other information as it may reasonably require to determine the eligibility of such person or persons to serve as a director of the Corporation, including promptly submitting all completed and signed questionnaires required of the Corporation s directors. (e) No person shall be eligible for election as a director of the Corporation unless nominated in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 3.2.1. The Chair of the Nominating Committee or his or her designee shall have the authority to determine whether a nomination is properly made in accordance with the foregoing procedures. If the Chair of the Nominating Committee or his or her designee determines that a nomination was not made in accordance with the foregoing procedures, the 
 7 

chairman of the meeting shall declare to the meeting that the nomination was defective and such defective nomination shall be disregarded. Unless otherwise required by law, if any shareholder (i) provides notice pursuant to Rule 14a-19 under the Exchange Act and (ii) subsequently (1) notifies the Corporation that such shareholder no longer intends to solicit proxies in support of director nominees other than the Corporation s director nominees in accordance with Rule 14a-19 or (2) fails to comply with all requirements of Rule 14a-19 under the Exchange Act, then such shareholder s nominations shall be deemed null and void and the Corporation shall disregard any proxies or votes solicited for any nominee proposed by such shareholder. If a shareholder does not appear or send a qualified representative to present his or her nomination at such meeting, the Corporation need not present such nomination for a vote at such meeting, notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such nomination may have been received by the Corporation. (f) Notwithstanding any other provision of these Bylaws, a shareholder shall also comply with all applicable requirements of state and federal law, including the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder, with respect to the matters set forth in this Section 3.2.1. Section 3.2.2. Classes of Directors and Terms. Effective as of November 2, 2022, the provisions of Indiana Code 23-1-33-6(c) shall not apply to the Corporation. The directors shall be divided into three classes as nearly equal in number as possible. At each annual shareholders meeting, directors shall be elected for a term of three (3) years to succeed those whose terms expire. All directors elected for a term shall continue in office until the election and qualification of their respective successors, their death, their resignation, their removal in accordance with Section 3.3, or if there has been a reduction in the number of directors and no successor is to be elected, until the end of the term. Section 3.3. Removal. Subject to any limitations on, and requirements for, removal of directors contained in the Articles of Incorporation, any director may be removed with or without cause by action of the shareholders taken at any meeting the notice of which states that one of the purposes of the meeting is removal of the director. Section 3.4. Vacancies. Subject to any provisions concerning the filling of vacancies contained in the Articles of Incorporation, if a vacancy occurs on the Board of Directors, including a vacancy resulting from an increase in the number of directors, the Board of Directors may fill the vacancy; and if the directors remaining in office constitute fewer than a quorum of the Board, the directors remaining in office may fill the vacancy by the affirmative vote of a majority of those directors. Any director elected to fill a vacancy holds office until the end of the term for which the director s predecessor was elected and/or until a successor is elected and qualifies. Section 3.5. Annual Meetings. Unless otherwise agreed by the Board of Directors, the annual meeting of the Board of Directors shall be held immediately following the annual meeting of the shareholders, at the place where the meeting of shareholders was held, for the purpose of electing officers and considering any other business which may be specifically set forth in the notice of the meeting. Section 3.6. Regular and Special Meetings. Regular meetings of the Board of Directors may be held pursuant to a resolution of the Board of Directors establishing a method for determining the date, time, and place of those meetings. Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be held upon the call of the President or of any one director. Section 3.7. Notice and Agenda. Notice of a meeting may be waived in writing before or after the time of the meeting. The waiver must be signed by the director entitled to the notice and filed with the minutes of the meeting. A director s attendance at or participation in a meeting waives any required notice of the meeting, unless at the beginning of the meeting (or promptly upon the director s arrival) the director 
 8 

objects to holding the meeting or transacting business at the meeting and does not thereafter vote for or assent to action taken at the meeting. All notices of a meeting of the Board of Directors shall include an agenda specifically setting forth in reasonable detail any and all matters to be officially acted upon at such meeting. Section 3.8. Quorum. A quorum for the transaction of business at any meeting of the Board of Directors consists of a majority of the number of directors then in office. In all cases, except as otherwise expressly required by the Act or the Articles of Incorporation, the approval or consent of a majority of the directors then in office shall be required in order to authorize or approve actions or other matters presented to the Board of Directors. Section 3.9. Action by Consent. Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors may be taken without a meeting if the action is taken by all directors then in office. The action must be evidenced by one or more written consents describing the action taken, signed by each director, and included in the minutes. Action of the Board of Directors taken by consent is effective when the last director signs the consent, unless the consent specifies a prior or subsequent effective date. Section 3.10. Committees. The Board of Directors may create one or more committees and appoint members of the Board of Directors to serve on them. Each committee may have one or more members, who serve at the pleasure of the Board of Directors. All rules applicable to action by the Board of Directors apply to committees and their members. The Board of Directors may specify the authority that a committee may exercise; however, a committee may not (a) authorize distributions, except a committee (or an executive officer designated by the Board of Directors) may authorize or approve a reacquisition of shares if done according to a formula or method, or within a range, prescribed by the Board of Directors, (b) approve or propose to shareholders action that must be approved by shareholders, (c) fill vacancies on the Board of Directors or on any of its committees, (d) amend the Articles of Incorporation, (e) adopt, amend, or repeal these Bylaws, (f) approve a plan of merger not requiring shareholder approval, or (g) authorize or approve the issuance or sale or a contract for the sale of shares, or determine the designation and relative rights, preferences, and limitations of a class or series of shares. Section 3.11. Presence. The Board of Directors may permit any or all directors to participate in any annual, regular, or special meeting by any means of communication by which all directors participating may simultaneously hear each other during the meeting. A director so participating is deemed to be present in person at the meeting. Section 3.12. Compensation. Each director shall receive such compensation for service as a director as may be fixed by the Board of Directors. ARTICLE IV. Officers Section 4.1. Officers. The Corporation shall have a Chairman of the Board, a President, one or more Vice Presidents, a Secretary, a Treasurer, and such other officers as the Board of Directors or the President designates. The Board of Directors or the President may designate one or more Vice Presidents to serve as Executive Vice Presidents or Senior Vice Presidents. The same individual may simultaneously hold more than one office. Section 4.2. Terms of Office. Officers are elected at each annual meeting of the Board of Directors and serve for a term expiring at the following annual meeting of the Board of Directors. An officer who has been removed pursuant to Section 4.4 ceases to serve as an officer immediately upon removal; otherwise, an officer whose term has expired continues to serve until a successor is elected and qualifies. 
 9 

Section 4.3. Vacancies. If a vacancy occurs among the officers, the Board of Directors may fill the vacancy. Any officer elected to fill a vacancy holds office until the next annual meeting of the Board of Directors and until a successor is elected and qualifies. Section 4.4. Removal. Any officer may be removed by the Board of Directors at any time with or without cause. Section 4.5. Compensation. Each officer shall receive such compensation for service in office as may be fixed by the Board of Directors. Section 4.6. President. The President is the chief executive officer of the Corporation and is responsible for managing and supervising the affairs and personnel of the Corporation, subject to the general control of the Board of Directors. The President, or proxies appointed by the President, may vote shares of other corporations owned by the Corporation. The President has authority to execute, with the Secretary (as required), powers of attorney appointing other corporations, partnerships, entities or individuals as the agents of the Corporation, subject to law, the Articles of Incorporation and these Bylaws. The President has such other powers and duties as the Board of Directors may from time to time prescribe. Section 4.7. Vice Presidents. The Vice Presidents shall have such powers and perform such duties as the President and the Board of Directors may from time to time prescribe. The Vice Presidents (in order of seniority) shall have all the powers of, and perform all the duties incumbent upon, the President during the President s absence or disability. Section 4.8. Secretary. The Secretary is responsible for (a) attending all meetings of the shareholders and the Board of Directors, (b) preparing true and complete minutes of the proceedings of all meetings of the shareholders, the Board of Directors, and all committees of the Board of Directors, (c) maintaining and safeguarding the books (except books of account) and records of the Corporation, and (d) authenticating the records of the Corporation. If required, the Secretary attests the execution of deeds, leases, agreements, powers of attorney, certificates representing shares of the Corporation, and other official documents by the Corporation. The Secretary serves all notices of the Corporation required by law, the Board of Directors, or these Bylaws. The Secretary has such other duties as the Board of Directors may from time to time prescribe. Section 4.9. Treasurer. The Treasurer is responsible for (a) keeping correct and complete books of account which show accurately at all times the financial condition of the Corporation, (b) safeguarding all funds, notes, securities, and other valuables which may from time to time come into the possession of the Corporation, and (c) depositing all funds of the Corporation with such depositories as the Board of Directors shall designate. The Treasurer shall furnish at meetings of the Board of Directors, or when otherwise requested, a statement of the financial condition of the Corporation. The Treasurer has such other duties as the Board of Directors may from time to time prescribe. Section 4.10. Other Officers. The Board of Directors or the President may from time to time designate and elect other officers (including assistant officers) who shall have such powers and duties as the President, the Board of Directors, or if assistant officer, the officers whom they are elected to assist, specify and delegate to them, and such other powers and duties as the Board of Directors or the President may from time to time prescribe. An Assistant Secretary may, during the absence or disability of the Secretary, discharge all responsibilities imposed upon the Secretary of the Corporation, including, without limitation, attest the execution of all documents by the Corporation. 
 10 

Section 4.11. Chairman of the Board. The Chairman of the Board shall preside at all meetings of the shareholders and of the Board of Directors and shall have such other duties, powers and responsibilities as are assigned to the Chairman of the Board by the Board of Directors from time to time. Section 4.12. General Counsel. The Board of Directors may appoint a general counsel who shall have general control of all matters of legal import concerning the Corporation. ARTICLE V. Miscellaneous Section 5.1. Records. The Corporation shall keep as permanent records minutes of all meetings of the shareholders, the Board of Directors, and all committees of the Board of Directors, and a record of all actions taken without a meeting by the shareholders, the Board of Directors, and all committees of the Board of Directors. The Corporation or its agent shall maintain a record of the shareholders in a form that permits preparation of a list of the names and addresses of all shareholders, in alphabetical order by class of shares showing the number and class of shares held by each. The Corporation shall maintain its records in written form or in a form capable of conversion into written form within a reasonable time. The Corporation shall keep a copy of the following records at its principal office: (a) the Articles of Incorporation then currently in effect, (b) the Bylaws then currently in effect, (c) all resolutions adopted by the Board of Directors with respect to one or more classes or series of shares and fixing their relative rights, preferences, and limitations, if shares issued pursuant to those resolutions are outstanding, (d) minutes of all shareholders meetings, and records of all actions taken by shareholders without a meeting, for the past 3 years, (e) all written communications to shareholders generally during the past 3 years, including annual financial statements furnished upon request of the shareholders, (f) a list of the names and business addresses of the current directors and officers, and (g) the most recent biennial report filed with the Indiana Secretary of State. Section 5.2. Execution of Contracts and Other Documents. Unless otherwise authorized or directed by the Board of Directors, all written contracts and other documents entered into by the Corporation shall be executed on behalf of the Corporation by the President or a Vice President, and, if required, attested by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary. Section 5.3. Accounting Year. The accounting year of the Corporation begins on October l of each year and ends on the September 30 immediately following. Section 5.4. Corporate Seal. The Corporation has no seal. ARTICLE VI. Amendment These Bylaws may be amended or repealed only by the Board of Directors. 
 11 

</EX-3.2>

<EX-10.27>
 3
 notv-20220930xex10d27.htm
 EX-10.27

Exhibit 10.27 THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT This THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT dated as of January 9, 2023 (this Third Amendment amends that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of November 5, 2021 (as amended by that certain First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of January 27, 2022, and that certain Second Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of December 29, 2022, and as further amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time prior to the date hereof, the Existing Credit Agreement the Existing Credit Agreement as amended by this Third Amendment, the Amended Credit Agreement ), among INOTIV, INC., an Indiana corporation (the Borrower ), the Subsidiary Guarantors party thereto, the Lenders party thereto and JEFFERIES FINANCE LLC, as administrative agent (the Administrative Agent and as collateral agent (the Collateral Agent ), and amends that certain Security Agreement, dated as of November 5, 2021 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time prior to the date hereof, the Existing Security Agreement the Existing Security Agreement as amended by this Third Amendment, the Amended Security Agreement ), among the Loan Parties party thereto and the Collateral Agent. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Amended Credit Agreement. RECITALS: WHEREAS , pursuant to Section 11.02 of the Existing Credit Agreement, the Borrower has requested that the Lenders enter into this Third Amendment; and WHEREAS , in connection with the foregoing, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders party hereto and the Borrower desire to amend the Existing Credit Agreement in accordance with Section 11.02 thereof in the form of this Third Amendment and, in connection therewith, amend the Existing Security Agreement, such amendments to become effective on the Third Amendment Effective Date (as defined below). NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the agreements, provisions and covenants contained in this Third Amendment, the parties hereto agree as follows: Section 1. Amendments to Credit Agreement and Security Agreement . Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 2 hereof, as of the Third Amendment Effective Date: (a) (i) the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended to delete the stricken text (indicated textually in the same as the following example: stricken text and to add the underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: underlined text as set forth in the pages of the Credit Agreement attached as Exhibit A hereto; (ii) Exhibit C (Form of Compliance Certificate) to the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B; and (iii) Annex I (Term Loan Amortization Table) to the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in the form attached hereto as Exhibit C; and (b) the Existing Security Agreement is hereby amended to delete the stricken text (indicated textually in the same as the following example: stricken text and to add the underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: underlined text as set forth in the pages of the Security Agreement attached as Exhibit D hereto. Section 2. Conditions to Effectiveness . The effectiveness of the amendments to the Existing Credit Agreement set forth in Section 1(a) hereof and the amendments to the Existing Security Agreement set forth in Section 1(b) hereof are each subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions precedent, each, in the case of documentary conditions, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the 
 [Signature Page to the Third Amendment to the Credit Agreement] 

Required Lenders (the date of such satisfaction, the Third Amendment Effective Date ): (a) the Administrative Agent shall have received duly executed counterparts of this Third Amendment from the Borrower, the other Loan Parties and the Lenders constituting all of the Lenders; (b) the Third Amendment Term Loan Effective Date PIK Fee (as defined below) shall have been paid in-kind by increasing the principal amount of the Term Loans on the date hereof in accordance with Section 3(a) hereof; (c) the Borrower shall have paid to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders all other costs, fees and expenses (other than fees and expenses of counsel) that are due and payable on or before the Third Amendment Effective Date, as and to the extent invoiced prior to 8:00 p.m. New York time on the Third Amendment Effective Date; and (d) the Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate, dated the Third Amendment Effective Date and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower, certifying that (i) as of the date hereof, both before and immediately after giving effect to this Third Amendment, no Default or Event of Default has occurred or is continuing, (ii) each of the representations and warranties made by the Loan Parties set forth in Article III of the Amended Credit Agreement or in any other Loan Document shall be true and correct in all material respects to the extent set forth in Section 5(a) hereof, and (iii) each of the other representations and warranties made by the Loan Parties set forth in Section 5 below shall be true and correct on and as of the Third Amendment Effective Date. Section 3. Amendment Fees . (a) Each Lender executing this Third Amendment (each such Lender, a Consenting Lender that holds outstanding Term Loans on the Third Amendment Effective Date shall receive a consent fee (such fee, the Third Amendment Term Loan Effective Date PIK Fee in an amount equal to 0.50 of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Term Loans held by such Consenting Lender immediately prior to the effectiveness of this Third Amendment on the Third Amendment Effective Date, which Third Amendment Term Loan Effective Date PIK Fee shall be earned and paid in-kind on the date hereof by capitalizing and adding such Third Amendment Term Loan Effective Date PIK Fee to the aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans held by such Consenting Lender. The Borrower and the Lenders hereby direct the Administrative Agent to update the Register to reflect such capitalization of the Third Amendment Term Loan Effective Date PIK Fee and to deliver the updated Register to the Borrower and each applicable Consenting Lender (with respect to its own interest only) promptly after the Third Amendment Effective Date. (b) Each Consenting Lender that holds outstanding Term Loans on the Third Amendment Effective Date (each such Lender, together with its successors and assigns, a Consenting Term Loan Lender shall receive a consent fee (such fee, the Third Amendment Term Loan Deferred Fee in an amount equal to 0.50 of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Term Loans held by such Consenting Term Loan Lender immediately prior to the effectiveness of this Third Amendment on the Third Amendment Effective Date, which Third Amendment Term Loan Deferred Fee shall be earned in full on the date hereof, shall be due on the date hereof and shall be paid in cash in accordance with Section 2.05(d)(iii) of the Amended Credit Agreement. (c) Each Consenting Lender that holds outstanding Revolving Commitments on the Third Amendment Effective Date (each such Lender, together with its successors and assigns, a Consenting Revolving Lender shall receive a consent fee (such fee, the Third Amendment RCF Deferred Fee in an amount equal to 7.00 of the aggregate amount of the Revolving Commitments held by such Consenting Revolving Lender immediately prior to the effectiveness of this Third Amendment on the Third Amendment 
 [Signature Page to the Third Amendment to the Credit Agreement] 

Effective Date, which Third Amendment RCF Deferred Fee shall be earned in full on the date hereof, shall be due on the date hereof and shall be paid in cash in accordance with Section 2.05(d)(iv) of the Amended Credit Agreement. Section 4. Costs and Expenses . Without limiting the obligations of the Borrower under the Amended Credit Agreement, the Borrower agrees to pay or reimburse all of (i) the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent in connection with the preparation, negotiation and execution of the Second Amendment and this Third Amendment and the other instruments and documents delivered thereunder and hereunder in accordance with the terms of Section 11.03 of the Amended Credit Agreement, including all reasonable and documented fees, disbursements and other charges of Latham Watkins LLP, counsel for the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent (collectively, the Agent Expenses ), and (ii) the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by the Lenders in connection with the preparation, negotiation and execution of the Second Amendment and this Third Amendment and the other instruments and documents delivered thereunder and hereunder in accordance with the terms of Section 11.03 of the Amended Credit Agreement, including all reasonable and documented fees, disbursements and other charges of Proskauer Rose LLP and Milbank LLP (collectively, the Lender Expenses ). Section 5. Representations and Warranties . Each Loan Party hereby represents and warrants, on and as of the date hereof and the Third Amendment Effective Date, that: (a) Each of the representations and warranties made by the Loan Parties set forth in Article III of the Amended Credit Agreement or in any other Loan Document shall be true and correct in all material respects provided that any representation and warranty that is qualified by materiality, material adverse effect or similar language shall be true and correct in all respects (after giving effect to any such qualification therein)) on the date hereof and on the Third Amendment Effective Date with the same effect as though made on and as of such date, except to the extent such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date (in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all material respects (or if any such representation and warranty is qualified by materiality, material adverse effect or similar language, shall be true and correct in all respects (after giving effect to any such qualification therein)) on and as of such earlier date). (b) The transactions contemplated by this Third Amendment and the Amended Credit Agreement are within the Loan Parties powers and have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational action on behalf of each Loan Party. This Third Amendment has been duly executed and delivered by each Loan Party and constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of each Loan Party, enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors rights generally and subject to general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law. (c) The execution, delivery and performance by each Loan Party of this Third Amendment and the Amended Credit Agreement will not (i) require any consent or approval of, registration or filing with, or any other action by, any Governmental Authority, except (A) such as have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect or (B) consents, approvals, registrations, filings, permits or actions the failure of which to obtain or perform could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) violate the Organizational Documents of such Loan Party, (iii) violate or result in a default or require any consent or approval under (x) any indenture, agreement, or other instrument binding upon any Loan Party or its Property or to which any Loan Party or its Property is subject, or give rise to a right thereunder to require any payment to be made by any Loan Party, except for violations, defaults or the creation of such rights that could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect or (y) any Organizational Document, (iv) violate any material Legal Requirement in any material respect or (v) result in the creation or imposition of any Lien on any Property of any Loan Party other than the Liens 
 [Signature Page to the Third Amendment to the Credit Agreement] 

created by the Security Documents. (d) As of the date hereof, both before and immediately after giving effect to this Third Amendment, no Default or Event of Default has occurred or is continuing. Section 6. Reference to and Effect on the Existing Credit Agreement . (a) On and after the effectiveness of this Third Amendment, (i) each reference in the Existing Credit Agreement to this Agreement, hereunder, hereof or words of like import referring to the Existing Credit Agreement shall mean and be a reference to the Amended Credit Agreement and (ii) each reference in the Existing Security Agreement to this Agreement, hereunder, hereof or words of like import referring to the Existing Security Agreement shall mean and be a reference to the Amended Security Agreement. (b) The Existing Credit Agreement as specifically amended by this Third Amendment is and shall continue to be in full force and effect and is hereby in all respects ratified and confirmed. The Existing Security Agreement as specifically amended by this Third Amendment is and shall continue to be in full force and effect and is hereby in all respects ratified and confirmed. This Third Amendment shall be a Loan Document for purposes of the definition thereof in the Existing Credit Agreement. (c) The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Third Amendment shall not operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of any Lender or any Agent under any of the Loan Documents, nor constitute a waiver of any provision of any of the Loan Documents. Section 7. [Reserved] . Section 8. Conditions Subsequent . The Borrower hereby agrees that it shall satisfy the requirements set forth on Schedule 1 hereto on or prior to the dates specified therein. Section 9. Acknowledgement . (a) Each Loan Party hereby confirms that each Loan Document to which it is a party or otherwise bound and all Collateral encumbered thereby will continue to guarantee or secure, as the case may be, to the fullest extent possible in accordance with the Loan Documents the payment and performance of all Obligations and Secured Obligations under each of the Loan Documents to which it is a party (in each case as such terms are defined in the applicable Loan Document). (b) Each Loan Party acknowledges and agrees that each Loan Document to which it is a party or otherwise bound shall continue in full force and effect and that all of its obligations thereunder shall be valid and enforceable and shall not be impaired or limited by the execution or effectiveness of this Third Amendment. (c) Each Loan Party hereby acknowledges that it has reviewed the terms and provisions of this Third Amendment and consents to the amendment of each of the Existing Credit Agreement and the Existing Security Agreement effected pursuant to this Third Amendment. (d) Each Guarantor acknowledges and agrees that (i) notwithstanding the conditions to effectiveness set forth in this Third Amendment, such Guarantor is not required by the terms of the Existing Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document to consent to the amendments to the Existing Credit Agreement effected pursuant to this Third Amendment and (ii) nothing in the Amended Credit Agreement, this Third Amendment or any other Loan Document shall be deemed to require the consent of such Guarantor to any future amendments to the Existing Credit Agreement. 
 [Signature Page to the Third Amendment to the Credit Agreement] 

(e) Each of the Borrower and each Guarantor hereby (i) acknowledges and agrees that all of its obligations under the Guarantees set out in the Amended Credit Agreement and any other guaranties in the Loan Documents to which it is a party are reaffirmed and remain in full force and effect on a continuous basis, (ii) reaffirms each Lien granted by each Loan Party to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties and reaffirms the Guarantees made pursuant to the Amended Credit Agreement and (iii) acknowledges and agrees that the grants of security interests by and the Guarantees of the Loan Parties contained in the Amended Credit Agreement and the other Security Documents are, and shall remain, in full force and effect after giving effect to this Third Amendment. Nothing contained in this Third Amendment shall be construed as substitution or novation of the obligations outstanding under the Amended Credit Agreement or the other Loan Documents, which shall remain in full force and effect, except to any extent modified hereby. Section 10. Execution in Counterparts . This Third Amendment may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Third Amendment by facsimile or other electronic transmission (e.g., pdf or tif format) shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Third Amendment. The words execution, signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to this Third Amendment or any document to be signed in connection with this Third Amendment and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be deemed to include electronic signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, and the parties hereto consent to conduct the transactions contemplated hereunder by electronic means. Section 11 . Governing Law . (a) THIS THIRD AMENDMENT AND ANY CLAIM, CONTROVERSY, DISPUTE OR CAUSE OF ACTION (WHETHER SOUNDING IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE) BASED UPON, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS THIRD AMENDMENT AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. (b) Each party hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its Property, to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Supreme Court of the State of New York sitting in New York County and of the United States District Court of the Southern District of New York, and any appellate court from any thereof (except to the extent any Agent requires submission to any other jurisdiction in connection with the exercise of any rights under any security document or the enforcement of any judgment), in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Third Amendment, or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment, and each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that all claims in respect of any such action or proceeding may be heard and determined in such New York State court or, to the extent permitted by applicable Legal Requirements, in such federal court. Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by applicable Legal Requirements. The Borrower agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law and that nothing in this Third Amendment shall affect any right that the Administrative Agent or the Lenders may otherwise have to bring any action or proceeding relating to this Third Amendment against it or any of its assets in the courts of any jurisdiction. 
 [Signature Page to the Third Amendment to the Credit Agreement] 

(c) Each party hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Legal Requirements, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Third Amendment in any court referred to in Section 11(b) above. Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Legal Requirements, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court. (d) Each party to this Third Amendment irrevocably consents to service of process in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to any Loan Document, in the manner provided for notices (other than facsimile or email) in Section 11.01 of the Existing Credit Agreement. Nothing in this Third Amendment will affect the right of any party to this Third Amendment to serve process in any other manner permitted by applicable Legal Requirements. Section 12. Waiver of Jury Trial . EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LEGAL REQUIREMENTS, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS THIRD AMENDMENT OR THE OTHER TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS THIRD AMENDMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 12 . Section 13. Headings . The headings of the sections and subsections used herein are for convenience of reference only, are not part of this Third Amendment and shall not affect the construction of, or be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Third Amendment. Section 14. Severability . Any provision of this Third Amendment held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability without affecting the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions hereof; and the invalidity of a particular provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate such provision in any other jurisdiction. The parties hereto shall endeavor in good-faith negotiations to replace any invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions with valid provisions the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions. Section 15. Release . Each of the Borrower and each Subsidiary Guarantor, on behalf of itself and its Affiliates, and each of their successors, representatives, assignees and, whether or not claimed by right of, through or under the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor, past, present and future employees, agents, representatives, officers, directors, members, managers, principals, affiliates, subsidiaries, divisions, predecessors, shareholders, trustees, consultants, experts, advisors, attorneys and other professionals (each, a Releasing Party and, collectively, the Releasing Parties does hereby fully, finally, and forever remise, release and discharge, and shall be deemed to have forever remised, released and discharged, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and each Lender, and the Administrative Agent s, the Collateral Agent s and each Lender s respective Affiliates, successors, representatives, assignees and past, present and future employees, agents, representatives, officers, directors, members, managers, principals, affiliates, subsidiaries, divisions, predecessors, shareholders, trustees, consultants, experts, advisors, attorneys and other professionals and all other persons and entities to whom any of the foregoing would be liable if such persons or entities were found to be liable to any Releasing Party, or any of them (collectively, hereinafter the Lender Parties ), from any and all manner of action and actions, cause and causes of action, claims, 
 [Signature Page to the Third Amendment to the Credit Agreement] 

defenses, rights of setoff, charges, demands, counterclaims, suits, debts, obligations, liabilities, dues, sums of money, accounts, reckonings, bonds, bills, specialties, covenants, contracts, controversies, agreements, promises, damages, judgments, expenses, executions, liens, claims of liens, claims of costs, penalties, attorneys fees, or any other compensation, recovery or relief on account of any liability, obligation, demand or cause of action of whatever nature, whether in law, equity or otherwise (including, without limitation, those arising under the Bankruptcy Code and interest or other carrying costs, penalties, legal, accounting and other professional fees and expenses, and incidental, consequential and punitive damages payable to third parties), whether known or unknown, fixed or contingent, joint and/or several, secured or unsecured, due or not due, primary or secondary, liquidated or unliquidated, contractual or tortious, direct, indirect, or derivative, asserted or unasserted, foreseen or unforeseen, suspected or unsuspected, now existing, heretofore existing or which may heretofore accrue against any of the Lender Parties, whether held in a personal or representative capacity, and which are based on any act, circumstance, fact, event or omission or other matter, cause or thing occurring at or from any time prior to and including the date hereof in any way, directly or indirectly arising out of, connected with, in respect of or relating to this Third Amendment, the Existing Credit Agreement, the Amended Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document and the transactions contemplated thereby, and all other agreements, certificates, instruments and other documents and statements (whether written or oral) related to any of the foregoing. Each Loan Party, on behalf of itself and its Affiliates, understands, acknowledges and agrees that the release set forth above may be pleaded as a full and complete defense and may be used as a basis for an injunction against any action, suit or other proceeding which may be instituted, prosecuted or attempted in breach of the provisions of such release. Section 16. Other . Each of the undersigned Lenders, by its execution hereof, authorizes and directs the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent to execute and deliver this Third Amendment upon the satisfaction of the conditions precedent described above (which shall be conclusively evidenced by such Lender s execution hereof). [Signature Pages Follow] 
 [Signature Page to the Third Amendment to the Credit Agreement] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Third Amendment to be duly executed and delivered by their respective proper and duly authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. INOTIV, INC. , as the Borrower By: Name: Title: BAS EVANSVILLE, INC. , as a Subsidiary Guarantor By: Name: Title: SEVENTH WAVE LABORATORIES, LLC , as a Subsidiary Guarantor By: Name: Title: BRONCO RESEARCH SERVICES LLC , as a Subsidiary Guarantor By: Name: Title: BASi GAITHERSBURG LLC , as a Subsidiary Guarantor By: Name: Title: 
 
 [Signature Page to the Third Amendment to the Credit Agreement] 

INOTIV BOULDER, LLC , as a Subsidiary Guarantor By: Name: Title: INOTIV RESEARCH MODELS, LLC , as a Subsidiary Guarantor By: Name: Title: ENVIGO RMS, LLC , as a Subsidiary Guarantor By: Name: Title: ENVIGO RMS B.V., INC. , as a Subsidiary Guarantor By: Name: Title: ENVIGO NEW HOLDCO, LLC , as a Subsidiary Guarantor By: Name: Title: 
 
 [Signature Page to the Third Amendment to the Credit Agreement] 

ENVIGO GLOBAL SERVICES INC. , as a Subsidiary Guarantor By: Name: Title: ERPP, INC. , as a Subsidiary Guarantor By: Name: Title: ENVIGO BIOPRODUCTS, INC. , as a Subsidiary Guarantor By: Name: Title: ENVIGO HOLDING I, INC. , as a Subsidiary Guarantor By: Name: Title: PLATO BIOPHARMA, INC. , as a Subsidiary Guarantor By: Name: Title: 
 
 [Signature Page to the Third Amendment to the Credit Agreement] 

INTEGRATED LABORATORY SYSTEMS, LLC , as a Subsidiary Guarantor By: Name: Title: ORIENT BIORESOURCE CENTER, INC. , as a Subsidiary Guarantor By: Name: Title: 
 
 [Signature Page to the Third Amendment to the Credit Agreement] 

Acknowledged: JEFFERIES FINANCE LLC , as the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent By: Name: Title: 
 
 [SIGNATURE PAGE TO THE THIRD AMENDMENT TO THE CREDIT AGREEMENT] 

By signing below you have indicated your consent to this Third Amendment: [ ] , as a Lender By: Name: Title: 
 
 [SIGNATURE PAGE TO THE THIRD AMENDMENT TO THE CREDIT AGREEMENT] 

Schedule 1 to Third Amendment Post-Closing Requirements 1. Not later than the last Business Day of each of March, June, September and December 2023, the Borrower shall have paid or reimbursed equal quarterly installments of all of the Agent Expenses incurred as of the Third Amendment Effective Date by Latham Watkins LLP, as and to the extent invoiced on or prior to the Third Amendment Effective Date (and prior to the occurrence thereof). 2. Not later than the last Business Day of each of March, June, September and December 2023, the Borrower shall have paid or reimbursed equal quarterly installments of all of the Lender Expenses incurred as of the Third Amendment Effective Date by Proskauer Rose LLP and Milbank LLP, in each case, as and to the extent invoiced on or prior to the Third Amendment Effective Date (and prior to the occurrence thereof). 3. Not later than January 23, 2023 (or such later date as the Required Lenders may agree in their sole discretion), the Administrative Agent shall have received, each in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Required Lenders: (a) the legal opinions of (i) Ropes Gray LLP, counsel for the Loan Parties, (ii) Ice Miller LLP, Indiana counsel for the Loan Parties, and (iii) McGuireWoods LLP, Pennsylvania counsel for the Loan Parties, which opinions shall be addressed to the Agents and the Lenders and cover such matters relating to this Third Amendment, the other Loan Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby as the Required Lenders may reasonably require, and each Loan Party hereby instructs such counsel to deliver such opinions to the Agents and the Lenders; (b) the Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate of the secretary or assistant secretary (or equivalent officer) on behalf of each Loan Party, certifying (i) that attached thereto is a true and complete copy of each Organizational Document of such Loan Party or certifying that there have been no changes to such Organizational Documents of such Loan Party as in effect on the Closing Date of the Existing Credit Agreement and at all times since the date of the resolutions described in clause (ii) below, (ii) that attached thereto is a true and complete copy of resolutions duly adopted by the Board of Directors of such Loan Party authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of this Third Amendment and the other Loan Documents to which such person is a party and, in the case of the Borrower, the Borrowings under the Amended Credit Agreement, and that such resolutions have not been modified, rescinded or amended and are in full force and effect as of the date of such certificate, and (iii) as to the incumbency and specimen signature of each Responsible Officer executing this Third Amendment and any other Loan Document or any other document delivered in connection herewith on behalf of such Loan Party or certifying that there have been no changes to the incumbency of such Loan Party delivered on the Closing Date of the Existing Credit Agreement (together with a certificate of another officer or authorized person as to the incumbency and specimen signature of the officer or authorized person executing the certificate in this clause (b)) ; and (c) the Borrower shall, with respect to each of Inotiv Nashville, LLC and Histion, LLC, deliver an executed Joinder Agreement to cause each such Subsidiary to become a Guarantor and a Pledgor and take such other actions required under Section 5.10(b) of the Amended Credit Agreement, other than delivery of a legal opinion with respect to Histion, LLC. Exhibit A Amended Credit Agreement 

CREDIT AGREEMENT dated as of November 5, 2021, (as amended by the First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of January 27, 2022, and the Second Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of December 29, 2022, and as further amended by the S e cond Third Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of December 29 January 9 , 2022 2023 among INOTIV, INC., as the Borrower, THE OTHER GUARANTORS PARTY HERETO, as Guarantors, THE LENDERS PARTY HERETO, and JEFFERIES FINANCE LLC, as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent JEFFERIES FINANCE LLC as Sole Lead Arranger and Bookrunner 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Article I DEFINITIONS 1 Section 1.01 Defined Terms 1 Section 1.02 Classification of Loans and Borrowings 53 49 Section 1.03 Terms Generally 53 49 Section 1.04 Accounting Terms; GAAP 54 50 Section 1.05 Pro Forma Calculations 55 50 Section 1.06 Resolution of Drafting Ambiguities 55 51 Section 1.07 Rounding 55 51 Section 1.08 Currency Fluctuations 55 51 Section 1.09 Divisions 55 51 Article II THE CREDITS 55 51 Section 2.01 Commitments 55 51 Section 2.02 Loans 56 52 Section 2.03 Borrowing Procedure 56 53 Section 2.04 Evidence of Debt; Repayment of Loans 57 54 Section 2.05 Fees 58 55 Section 2.06 Interest on Loans 59 56 Section 2.07 Termination and Reduction of Commitments 60 57 Section 2.08 Interest Elections 61 58 Section 2.09 Amortization of Term Borrowing 62 59 Section 2.10 Optional and Mandatory Prepayments of Loans 63 59 Section 2.11 Alternate Rate of Interest 63 64 Section 2.12 Increased Costs; Change in Legality 67 65 Section 2.13 Breakage Payments 68 66 Section 2.14 Payments Generally; Pro Rata Treatment; Sharing of Setoffs 70 67 Section 2.15 Taxes 71 68 Section 2.16 Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders 72 70 Section 2.17 [reserved] 75 73 Section 2.18 [reserved] 78 73 Section 2.19 Increases of the Term Loan and Revolving Commitments 78 73 Section 2.20 Extensions of the Term Loan 78 77 Section 2.21 Refinancing Facilities 82 78 Article III REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 85 79 Section 3.01 Existence, Qualification and Power 85 79 Section 3.02 Authorization; Enforceability 85 80 Section 3.03 No Conflicts 85 80 Section 3.04 Financial Statements; Projections ; No Material Adverse Effect 86 80 Section 3.05 Properties 87 81 Section 3.06 Intellectual Property 88 82 Section 3.07 Equity Interests and Subsidiaries 88 82 Section 3.08 Litigation; Compliance with Laws 89 83 Section 3.09 Federal Reserve Regulations 89 83 Section 3.10 Investment Company Act 89 83 Section 3.11 Use of Proceeds 89 83 Section 3.12 Taxes 90 84 

 - i - 

Section 3.13 No Material Misstatements 90 84 Section 3.14 Labor Matters 90 84 Section 3.15 Solvency 90 84 Section 3.16 Employee Benefit Plans 91 85 Section 3.17 Environmental Matters 91 85 Section 3.18 Insurance 92 86 Section 3.19 Security Documents 92 86 Section 3.20 Sanctions 93 87 Section 3.21 Anti-Terrorism Laws 94 88 Section 3.22 Anticorruption Anti-Corruption 94 88 Section 3.23 Animal Welfare Laws 95 89 Article IV CONDITIONS TO CREDIT EXTENSIONS 95 88 Section 4.01 Conditions to Initial Credit Extension 95 88 Section 4.02 Conditions to Revolving Loan Extensions 98 91 Section 4.03 Conditions to Delayed Draw Term Loan Extensions 98 92 Article V AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 99 92 Section 5.01 Financial Statements, Reports, etc 99 92 Section 5.02 Litigation and Other Notices 104 94 Section 5.03 Existence; Businesses and Properties 102 95 Section 5.04 Insurance 103 95 Section 5.05 Obligations and Taxes 103 96 Section 5.06 Employee Benefits 104 96 Section 5.07 Maintaining Records; Access to Properties and Inspections 104 97 Section 5.08 Use of Proceeds 105 97 Section 5.09 Compliance with Environmental Laws 105 97 Section 5.10 Additional Collateral; Additional Guarantors 105 98 Section 5.11 Security Interests; Further Assurances 108 101 Section 5.12 Information Regarding Collateral 109 101 Section 5.13 [reserved] 110 102 Section 5.14 [reserved] 110 102 Section 5.15 Fiscal Year 110 102 Section 5.16 Sanctions; Anti-Money Laundering; Anti-Corruption Compliance 110 102 Section 5.17 Line of Business 110 102 Section 5.18 Post-Closing Obligations 110 103 Section 5.19 Beneficial Ownership Certifications 110 103 Article VI NEGATIVE COVENANTS 110 103 Section 6.01 Indebtedness 111 103 Section 6.02 Liens 112 106 Section 6.03 Sale and Leaseback Transactions 116 108 Section 6.04 Investments, Loans and Advances 116 108 Section 6.05 Mergers and Consolidations 118 110 Section 6.06 Asset Sales 119 111 Section 6.07 Dividends 121 112 Section 6.08 Transactions with Affiliates 122 113 Section 6.09 Prepayments of Other Indebtedness; Modifications of Organizational Documents, Acquisition and Certain Other Documents, etc. 122 114 
 
 - ii - 

Section 6.10 Limitation on Certain Restrictions on Subsidiaries 123 115 Section 6.11 Business 124 115 Section 6.12 [reserved] 124 116 Section 6.13 Fiscal Year 124 116 Section 6.14 No Further Negative Pledge 125 116 Section 6.15 Financial Covenants 125 116 Section 6.16 Anti-Terrorism Law; Anti-Money Laundering; Sanctions; Anti-Corruption Law 125 117 Section 6.17 Sanctioned Persons 126 117 Article VII GUARANTEE 126 117 Section 7.01 The Guarantee 126 117 Section 7.02 Obligations Unconditional 126 117 Section 7.03 Reinstatement 128 119 Section 7.04 Subrogation; Subordination 128 119 Section 7.05 Remedies 128 119 Section 7.06 Instrument for the Payment of Money 128 119 Section 7.07 Continuing Guarantee 128 119 Section 7.08 General Limitation on Guarantee Obligations 129 119 Section 7.09 Release of Guarantors 129 120 Section 7.10 Right of Contribution 129 120 Section 7.11 Keepwell 130 121 Article VIII EVENTS OF DEFAULT 131 121 Section 8.01 Events of Default 131 121 Section 8.02 [reserved] 134 124 Section 8.03 Right to Cure 134 124 Article IX APPLICATION OF COLLATERAL PROCEEDS 135 125 Section 9.01 Collateral Account 135 125 Section 9.02 Application of Proceeds 136 126 Article X THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND THE COLLATERAL AGENT 136 127 Section 10.01 Appointment 136 127 Section 10.02 Agent in Its Individual Capacity 137 127 Section 10.03 Exculpatory Provisions; Agent Acting at Direction of Required Lenders 137 127 Section 10.04 Reliance by Agent 138 128 Section 10.05 Delegation of Duties 139 128 Section 10.06 Successor Agent 139 129 Section 10.07 Non-Reliance on Agent and Other Lenders 139 129 Section 10.08 Name Agents 140 129 Section 10.09 Indemnification 140 129 Section 10.10 Withholding Taxes 140 130 Section 10.11 Lender s Representations, Warranties and Acknowledgements 141 130 Section 10.12 Collateral Documents and Guarantee 141 131 Section 10.13 Administrative Agent May File Bankruptcy Disclosure and Proofs of Claim 143 132 Section 10.14 Erroneous Payments 143 133 
 
 - iii - 

Article XI MISCELLANEOUS 146 135 Section 11.01 Notices 146 135 Section 11.02 Waivers; Amendment 149 138 Section 11.03 Expenses; Indemnity 152 140 Section 11.04 Successors and Assigns 155 143 Section 11.05 Survival of Agreement 160 148 Section 11.06 Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness 160 148 Section 11.07 Severability 161 148 Section 11.08 Right of Setoff 161 149 Section 11.09 Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process 161 149 Section 11.10 Waiver of Jury Trial 162 150 Section 11.11 Headings; No Adverse Interpretation of Other Agreements 163 150 Section 11.12 Confidentiality 163 150 Section 11.13 Interest Rate Limitation 164 151 Section 11.14 Assignment and Assumption 164 151 Section 11.15 Obligations Absolute 164 151 Section 11.16 Waiver of Defenses; Absence of Fiduciary Duties 165 152 Section 11.17 Patriot Act 165 152 Section 11.18 Judgment Currency 165 152 Section 11.19 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions 166 153 Section 11.20 Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs 166 153 
 
 - iv - 

Pledgors ANNEXES Annex I Initial Term Loan Amortization Table Annex II Lenders and Commitments SCHEDULES Schedule 1.01(a) Subsidiary Guarantors Schedule 1.01(c) Real Property Schedule 3.05(b) Leases or Subleases of Owned Real Property Schedule 3.05(h) Equity Interests and Subsidiaries Schedule 3.07(a) Corporate Organizational Chart Schedule 3.07(c) UCC Filing Jurisdictions Schedule 3.19(d) Closing Date Security Documents Schedule 4.01(a) Post-Closing Obligations Schedule 5.18 Existing Indebtedness Schedule 6.01(b) Existing Liens Schedule 6.02(c) Existing Investments Schedule 6.04(a) Transactions with Affiliates Schedule 6.08(g) No Further Negative Pledge Schedule 6.14 
 EXHIBITS Exhibit A Form of Assignment and Assumption Exhibit B Form of Borrowing Request Exhibit C Form of Compliance Certificate Exhibit D Form of Interest Election Request Exhibit E-1 Form of Term Note Exhibit E-2 Form of Revolving Note Exhibit E-3 Form of Delayed Draw Term Loan Note Exhibit F-1 Form of Perfection Certificate Exhibit F-2 Form of Perfection Certificate Supplement Exhibit G-1 Form of U.S. Tax Certificate (For Non-U.S. Lenders that are not Partnerships for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) Exhibit G-2 Form of U.S. Tax Certificate (For Non-U.S. Participants that are not Partnerships for U.S. Federal Tax Purposes) Exhibit G-3 Form of U.S. Tax Certificate (For Non-U.S. Participants that are Partnerships for U.S. Federal Tax Purposes) Exhibit G-4 Form of U.S. Tax Certificate (For Non-U.S. Lenders that are Partnerships for U.S. Federal Tax Purposes) Exhibit H Form of Solvency Certificate 
 
 - v - 

CREDIT AGREEMENT This CREDIT AGREEMENT (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, this Agreement ), dated as of November 5, 2021, among INOTIV, INC., an Indiana corporation (the Borrower ), the Subsidiary Guarantors (such term and each other capitalized term used but not defined herein having the meaning given to it in Article I) , the Lenders from time to time party hereto and Jefferies Finance LLC, as administrative agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, together with its successors and permitted assigns, the Administrative Agent and as collateral agent for the Secured Parties (in such capacity, together with its successors and permitted assigns, the Collateral Agent with Jefferies Finance LLC, as sole lead arranger (in such capacity, the Arranger and sole bookrunner (in such capacity, the Bookrunner ). WITNESSETH: WHEREAS, pursuant to the Merger Agreement, (a) Dolphin Mergeco, Inc. Merger Sub will merge with and into Envigo RMS Holding Corp. Envigo on the Closing Date with Envigo as the surviving corporation (the First Merger and (b) the surviving corporation will merge with and into Inotiv Research Models, LLC Inotiv Research Models ), with Inotiv Research Models as the surviving company (the Second Merger , and together with the First Merger, the Mergers and as a result of the Mergers, Inotiv Research Models will become a direct, wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Borrower. WHEREAS, on the Closing Date, the Borrower (a) has requested the Lenders to extend credit in the form of (i) term loans in an aggregate principal amount equal to 165,000,000 and (ii) delayed draw term loan commitments in an aggregate principal amount equal to 35,000,000 and (b) has requested that the Revolving Lenders extend Revolving Loans at any time and from time to time after the Closing Date and prior to the Revolving Maturity Date in an aggregate principal amount not in excess of 15,000,000. The proceeds of the term loans will be used by the Borrower on the Closing Date (i) to finance, in part, the Mergers, (ii) to refinance the existing financing (the Refinancing and (iii) pay fees, costs (including debt breakage costs in connection with the Refinancing) and expenses related to the transaction. The proceeds of the delayed draw term loans will be available after the Closing Date for (i) Permitted Acquisitions, (ii) Designated Capital Expenditures and (iii) replenish cash on the balance sheet or repay Revolving Loans that, in either case, were drawn to finance Permitted Acquisitions or Designated Capital Expenditures. The proceeds of the Revolving Loans will be available after the Closing Date for general corporate purposes. WHEREAS, the Borrower and each other Loan Party desire to secure all of the Obligations by granting to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a security interest in and Lien upon substantially all of the property and assets of the Borrower and the other Loan Parties, subject to the limitations described herein and in the Security Documents. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows: ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS Section 1.01 Defined Terms . As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings specified below: 2022 Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment Expiration Date shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.02(f) . 2022 Incremental Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitments shall mean, with respect to each 2022 Incremental Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender, the commitment, if any, of such 2022 Incremental Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender to make a 2022 Incremental Delayed Draw Term Loan. The aggregate principal amount of the 2022 
 1 

Incremental Delayed Draw Term Loan Lenders 2022 Incremental Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitments on the First Amendment Effective Date is 35,000,000. 2022 Incremental Delayed Draw Term Loans shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the First Amendment and shall include, for the avoidance of doubt, any PIK Amounts . 2022 Incremental Term Loan Commitments shall mean, with respect to each 2022 Incremental Term Loan Lender, the commitment, if any, of such 2022 Incremental Term Loan Lender to make a 2022 Incremental Term Loan. The aggregate principal amount of the 2022 Incremental Term Loan Lenders 2022 Incremental Term Loan Commitments on the First Amendment Effective Date is 40,000,000. 2022 Incremental Term Loan Lenders shall mean any Lender with a 2022 Incremental Term Loan Commitment and/or a 2022 Incremental Term Loan outstanding hereunder. 2022 Incremental Term Loans shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the First Amendment and shall include, for the avoidance of doubt, any PIK Amounts . ABR , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, is used when such Loan comprising such Borrowing is, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing are, bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Alternate Base Rate in accordance with the provisions of Article II . ABR Borrowing shall mean a Borrowing comprised of ABR Loans. ABR Loan shall mean any ABR Term Loan or ABR Revolving Loan. ABR Revolving Loan shall mean any Revolving Loan bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Alternate Base Rate in accordance with the provisions of Article II . ABR Term Loan shall mean any Term Loan bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Alternate Base Rate in accordance with the provisions of Article II . ABR Term SOFR Determination Day shall have the meaning specified in the definition of Term SOFR . Acquisition Consideration shall mean the purchase consideration for a Permitted Acquisition and all other payments (but excluding any related acquisition fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with any Permitted Acquisition), directly or indirectly, by any Company in exchange for, or as part of, or in connection with, a Permitted Acquisition, whether paid in cash or by exchange of Equity Interests or of any Property or otherwise and whether payable at or prior to the consummation of a Permitted Acquisition or deferred for payment at any future time (including Earn-Outs); provided that any such Earn-Out or other future payment that is subject to a contingency shall be considered Acquisition Consideration only to the extent of the reserve, if any, required under GAAP at the time of such sale to be established in respect thereof by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries; provided, further, that Acquisition Consideration shall not include (a) the portion of consideration or payment constituting salary payments pursuant to ordinary course employment agreements and salary bonuses payable thereunder to the extent relating to the applicable Permitted Acquisition and (b) cash and Cash Equivalents acquired by the Companies as part of the applicable Permitted Acquisition (except to the extent that such cash and Cash Equivalents were (x) directly or indirectly funded or financed by any of the Companies or (y) after giving effect to any repayment of, or incurrence of, Indebtedness (and the release of any Liens in connection therewith) with respect to, or in connection with, such Permitted Acquisition on, or immediately after, the date of consummation thereof, such cash and Cash Equivalents are subject to any Lien (other than the Liens created under the Security Documents). Additional Lender shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.21(a) . Adjusted Term SOFR shall mean, for purposes of any calculation, the rate per annum equal to (a) Term SOFR for such calculation plus (b) the Term SOFR Adjustment; provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing, for all 
 2 

purposes hereunder under the Loan Documents , in no event shall Adjusted Term SOFR be less than the Floor. Administrative Agent shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble hereto and includes each other person appointed as the successor administrative agent pursuant to Article X . Administrative Agent Fees shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.05(c) . Administrative Questionnaire shall mean an administrative questionnaire in the form supplied from time to time by the Administrative Agent. Advisors shall mean legal counsel (including foreign and local counsel, but excluding in-house counsel), auditors, engineers, accountants, consultants, appraisers or other advisors. Affected Financial Institution shall mean (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. Affiliate shall mean, when used with respect to a specified person, another person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the person specified; provided, however , that, (i) for purposes of Section 6.08, the term Affiliate shall also include (a) any person that directly or indirectly owns more than 10 of any class of Equity Interests of the person specified and (b) any person that is an executive officer or director of the person specified and (ii) Jefferies LLC and its Affiliates shall be deemed to be Affiliates of Jefferies Finance LLC and its Affiliates. Agent Fee Letter shall mean that certain Agent Fee Letter, dated as of September 21, 2021, by and between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. Agents shall mean the Arranger, the Bookrunner, the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent; and Agent shall mean any of them, as the context may require. Agreement shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble hereto. Alternate Base Rate shall mean, for any day, a fluctuating rate per annum equal to the highest of (a) the Federal Funds Effective Rate plus 1/2 of 1 , (b) the rate of interest in effect for such day as publicly announced from time to time by the Administrative Agent as its prime rate and (c) Adjusted Term SOFR for a one-month tenor in effect on such day plus 1.00 ; provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the Alternate Base Rate be less than 2.00 per annum. The prime rate is a rate set by the Administrative Agent based upon various factors including the Administrative Agent s costs and desired return, general economic conditions and other factors, and is used as a reference point for pricing some loans, which may be priced at, above, or below such announced rate. Any change in the Alternate Base Rate due to a change in the Federal Funds Effective Rate, the prime rate or Adjusted Term SOFR shall take effect at the opening of business on the day of such change. Amendment Lead Arranger shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the First Amendment. Amendment Relief Period shall mean the period commencing on the Third Amendment Effective Date and ending on the date that is the earlier to occur of (a) the date on which financial statements and the Compliance Certificate for the fiscal quarter ending March 31, 2024 have been or are required to be delivered pursuant to Sections 5.01(b) and 5.01(d) (the Initial End Date to the extent no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing on the Initial End Date and (b) the first date after the Initial End Date on which no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing (in each such case, as certified by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders on such date). Animal Welfare Laws shall mean any applicable U.S. domestic state and federal civil and criminal laws relating to animal welfare or animal importation, including, without limitation, the Animal Welfare Act, codified in Title 7, United States Code, 2131-2159, the Lacey Act, codified in Title 16, United States Code, 3372-3374, and 
 3 

the anti-smuggling laws, codified in Title 18, United States Code, 545. Anti-Corruption Laws shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.22(a) . Anti-Terrorism Laws shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.20(a) . Applicable Margin shall mean: (a) For any day prior to the Third Amendment Effective Date, as set forth in the Credit Agreement as in effect from time to time prior to the Third Amendment Effective Date. (b) Applicable Margin shall m e an, until d e liv e ry of th e financial stat e m e nts for th e first six (6) months ending after the Closing Date pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or Section 5.01(b For any day from (and including) the Third Amendment Effective Date and thereafter , a percentage per annum equal to (i) initially, (A) in the case of Term Loans and Revolving Loans (A) maintained as ABR Loans, 5.25 5.75 - and (B) in the case of Term Loans maintained as Term SOFR Loans, 6.25 ; th e r e aft e r, th e following percentages per annum based on the Secured Leverage Ratio as set forth in the most recent Complianc e C e rtificat e r e c e iv e d by th e Administrativ e Ag e nt pursuant to S e ction 5.02 : 6.75 and (ii) (A) in the case of Revolving Loans maintained as ABR Loans, 8.50 and (B) in the case of Revolving Loans maintained as Term SOFR Loans, 9.50 . 

Secured L e v e rag e Ratio 

 Applicabl e Margin for Loans that are Term SOFR Loans 

 Applicable Margin for Loans that ar e ABR Loans 

 >3.50:1.00 

 650 

 5.50 

 2.00:1.00 

 625 

 525 

600 

 500 

No chang e in th e Applicabl e Margin shall b e e ff e ctiv e until thr ee Busin e ss Days aft e r th e dat e on which the Administrative Agent shall have received the applicable financial statements and a Compliance C e rtificat e pursuant to S e ction 5.02 calculating th e S e cur e d L e v e rag e Ratio. At any tim e that an Ev e nt of Default has occurred and is continuing or the Borrower has not submitted to the Administrative Agent th e applicabl e information as and wh e n r e quir e d und e r S e ction 5.01 or S e ction 5.02, th e Applicabl e Margin shall conclusively equal the highest possible Applicable Margin provided for in this definition. Within on e Busin e ss Day of r e c e ipt of th e applicabl e information und e r S e ction 5.01 and S e ction 5.02, the Administrative Agent shall give each Lender electronic or telephonic notice (confirmed in writing) of th e Applicabl e Margin in e ff e ct from such dat e . Furthermore Notwithstanding the foregoing , the Applicable Margin in respect of any Incremental Loans, Extended Term Loans, Extended Revolving Loans, Refinancing Term Loans or Refinancing Revolving Loans shall be the applicable percentages per annum set forth in the applicable Incremental Loan Amendment, Extension Offer or Refinancing Amendment, respectively. Approved Electronic Communications shall mean any notice, demand, communication, information, document or other material that any Loan Party provides to the Administrative Agent pursuant to any Loan Document or the transactions contemplated therein which is distributed to the Agents or the Lenders by means of electronic communications pursuant to Section 11.01(b) . 
 4 

Approved Fund shall mean any person (other than a natural person) that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender. Arranger shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble hereto. Asset Disposition Threshold shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.10(c)(i) . Asset Sale shall mean (a) any Disposition of any Property by any Company (excluding sales and dispositions permitted by Section 6.06 (other than Section 6.06(b)) and (b) any sale or other Disposition of any Equity Interests in a Subsidiary of the Borrower to any person other than a Loan Party. Assignment and Assumption shall mean an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender, as assignor, and an assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required pursuant to Section 11.04) , and accepted by the Administrative Agent, substantially in the form of Exhibit A, or such other form as shall be approved by the Administrative Agent from time to time. Bail-In Action shall mean the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. Bail-In Legislation shall mean (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). Bank Product shall mean each and any of the following bank products and services provided by any Bank Product Provider: (a) credit cards for commercial customers (including, without limitation, commercial credit cards and purchasing cards), (b) store value cards, and (c) depository, cash management, and treasury management services (including, without limitation, controlled disbursement, automated clearinghouse transactions, return items, overdrafts and interstate depository network services). Bank Product Agreement shall mean any agreement entered into by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with Bank Products that has been designated as a Bank Product Agreement by Borrower in a written notice to the Administrative Agent. Bank Product Obligations shall mean any and all of the obligations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, whether absolute or contingent and howsoever and whensoever created, arising, evidenced or acquired (including all renewals, extensions and modifications thereof and substitutions therefor) in connection with Bank Products provided pursuant to a Bank Product Agreement. Bank Product Provider shall mean any Person in its capacity as a provider of Bank Products, provided that such Person (i) is an Agent or a Lender or an Affiliate of any of the foregoing (or was an Agent or a Lender or an Affiliate of any of the foregoing at the time it provides a Bank Product) and (ii) executes and delivers to the Administrative Agent a letter agreement in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent pursuant to which such counterparty (x) appoints the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent as its agents under the applicable Loan Documents and (y) agrees to be bound by the provisions of Section 11.03 , Section 11.09 and Section 11.12 as if it were a Lender hereunder. Bankruptcy Code shall mean Title 11 of the United States Code. Base Rate shall m e an, for any day, th e U.S. Prim e L e nding Rat e publish e d in The Wall Street Journal for such day; provided that if The Wall Street Journal ceases to publish for any reason such rat e of int e r e st, Base 
 5 

Rate shall m e an th e prim e l e nding rat e as s e t forth on th e Bloomb e rg pag e PRIMBB Index (or successor page) for such day (or such other service as determined by the Administrativ e Ag e nt from tim e to tim e for purpos e s of providing quotations of prim e l e nding int e r e st rates); each change in the Base Rate shall be effective on the date such change is effective. The prime rat e is not n e c e ssarily th e low e st rat e charg e d by any financial institution to its custom e rs. Beneficial Ownership Certification shall mean a certification regarding beneficial ownership as required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. Beneficial Ownership Regulation shall mean 31 C.F.R 1010.230 Board shall mean the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States. Board of Directors shall mean, with respect to any person, (a) in the case of any corporation, the board of directors of such person, (b) in the case of any limited liability company, the board of managers or board of directors, as applicable, of such person, or if such limited liability company does not have a board of managers or board of directors, the functional equivalent of the foregoing, (c) in the case of any partnership, the board of directors or board of managers, as applicable, of the general partner of such person and (d) in any other case, the functional equivalent of the foregoing. Bookrunner shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble hereto. Borrower shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble hereto. Borrowing shall mean Loans of the same Class and Type, made, converted or continued on the same date and, in the case of Term SOFR Loans, as to which a single Interest Period is in effect. Borrowing Request shall mean a request by Borrower in accordance with the terms of Section 2.03 and substantially in the form of Exhibit B, or such other form as shall be reasonably approved by the Administrative Agent from time to time. Business Day shall mean any day excluding Saturday, Sunday and any day which is a legal holiday under the laws of the State of New York or is a day on which banking institutions located in such state are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close. Capital Expenditures shall mean, without duplication, for any period (a) any expenditure or commitment to expend money made during such period for any purchase or other acquisition of any asset including capitalized leasehold improvements, which would be classified as a fixed or capital asset on a consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries prepared in accordance with GAAP and (b) Capital Lease Obligations incurred by such persons during such period with respect to real or personal Property acquired during such period, or Synthetic Lease Obligations incurred by such persons during such period, but in each case, excluding (i) expenditures made in connection with the replacement, substitution or restoration of Property pursuant to Section 2.10(c), (ii) any Permitted Acquisitions, (iii) expenditures to the extent reimbursed within such period or paid for by a person who is not a Company (or any of Affiliates thereof) in the ordinary course of business (including, tenant improvements paid or reimbursed by landlords), (iv) the purchase price of equipment or other fixed assets that are purchased in the ordinary course of business substantially contemporaneously with the trade-in of existing assets in the ordinary course of business to the extent that the gross amount of such purchase price is reduced by the credit granted by the seller of such assets for the assets being traded-in at such time, (v) expenditures to the extent financed with the Net Cash Proceeds of Asset Sales that are reinvested in accordance with Section 2.10(c), and (vi) so long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would immediately thereafter result therefrom, expenditures funded directly with the net cash proceeds of issuances of Equity Interests (other than Permitted Cure Securities) of the Borrower (or any direct or indirect parent thereof) to its shareholders and only to the extent that the net cash proceeds of such issuances of Equity Interests are immediately contributed to the Borrower as cash common equity, and in turn immediately contributed to the Borrower as cash common equity. 
 6 

Capital Lease Obligations shall mean, as to any Person, the obligations of such person to pay rent or other amounts under any lease of (or other arrangement conveying the right to use) real or personal Property, or a combination thereof, which obligations are required to be classified and accounted for as financing leases on a balance sheet of such person under GAAP, and the amount of such obligations shall be the capitalized amount thereof determined in accordance with GAAP; provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event will any lease that would have been categorized as an operating lease as determined in accordance with GAAP as of September 30, 2020 be considered a Capitalized Lease. Capital Requirements shall mean, as to any person, any matter, directly or indirectly, (a) regarding capital adequacy, capital ratios, capital requirements, the calculation of such person s capital or similar matters, or (b) affecting the amount of capital required to be obtained or maintained by such person or any person controlling such person (including any direct or indirect holding company), or the manner in which such person or any person controlling such person (including any direct or indirect holding company), allocates capital to any of its contingent liabilities (including letters of credit), advances, acceptances, commitments, assets or liabilities. Cash Equivalents shall mean, as to any person, (a) marketable securities issued, or directly, unconditionally and fully guaranteed or insured, by the United States or any agency or instrumentality thereof provided that the full faith and credit of the United States is pledged in support thereof) having maturities of not more than one year from the date of acquisition by such person, (b) time deposits and certificates of deposit of any Lender or any commercial bank having, or which is the principal banking subsidiary of a bank holding company organized under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia having, capital and surplus aggregating in excess of 500,000,000 and a rating of A (or such other similar equivalent rating) or higher by at least one nationally recognized statistical rating organization (as defined in Rule 436 under the Securities Act) with maturities of not more than one year from the date of acquisition by such person, (c) repurchase obligations with a term of not more than thirty (30) days for underlying securities of the types described in clause (a) above entered into with any person meeting the qualifications specified in clause (b) above, (d) commercial paper issued by any person incorporated in the United States having one of the two highest ratings obtainable from S P or Moody s, in each case maturing not more than one year after the date of acquisition by such person, (e) investments in money market funds substantially all of whose assets are comprised of securities of the types described in clauses (a) through (d) above and (f) demand deposit accounts maintained in the ordinary course of business with any bank meeting the qualifications specified in clause (b) above. Cash Interest Expense shall mean, for any period, Consolidated Interest Expense for such period, less the sum of (a) interest on any debt paid by the permanent increase in the principal amount of such debt including by issuance of additional debt of such kind for such period, (b) items described in clause (c) or, other than to the extent paid in cash, clause (g) of the definition of Consolidated Interest Expense for such period and (c) cash interest income received by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in such period. Casualty Event shall mean any involuntary loss of title or any involuntary loss of or damage to or destruction of, or any condemnation or other taking (including by any Governmental Authority) of, any Property of any Company. Casualty Event shall include any taking of all or any part of any Real Property of any person or any part thereof, in or by condemnation or other eminent domain proceedings pursuant to any Legal Requirement, or by reason of the temporary requisition of the use or occupancy of all or any part of any Real Property of any person or any part thereof by any Governmental Authority, or any settlement in lieu thereof. CERCLA shall mean the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980, as amended, 42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq . CFC shall mean a Foreign Subsidiary that is a controlled foreign corporation under Section 957 of the Code. Change in Control shall mean (a) an event or series of events by which any person or group (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act, but excluding any employee benefit plan of such person or group or its respective subsidiaries, and any person acting in its capacity as trustee, agent or other fiduciary 
 7 

or administrator of any such plan) is or becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act, except that for purposes of this clause such person or group shall be deemed to have beneficial ownership of all securities that such person or group has the right to acquire, whether such right is exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time), directly or indirectly, of Voting Stock of the Borrower representing more than 35 of the voting power of the total outstanding Voting Stock of the Borrower or (b) the occurrence of any change of control (or similar event, howsoever denominated) under any other Indebtedness with an aggregate principal amount equal to, or in excess of 15,000,000. Change in Law shall mean (a) the adoption of, or taking effect of, any law, treaty, order, rule or regulation after the Closing Date, (b) any change in any law, treaty, order, rule or regulation or in the interpretation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority after the Closing Date or (c) compliance by any Lender (or for purposes of Section 2.12(b), by any lending office of such Lender or by such Lender s holding company, if any) with any request, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) of any Governmental Authority made or issued after the Closing Date; provided that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law , regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued. Charges shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 11.13 . Claims shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 11.03(b) . Class (a) when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are Revolving Loans, Initial Term Loans, Delayed Draw Term Loans, New Term Loans of any series established as a separate Class pursuant to Section 2.19 or Extended Term Loans, (b) when used in reference to any Commitment, refers to whether such Commitment is a Revolving Commitment, , Initial Term Loan Commitment, Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment, New Term Loan Commitment of any series established as a separate Class pursuant to Section 2.19 or refers to a Commitment made pursuant to an Extension Offer, and (c) when used in reference to any Lender, whether such Lender has a Loan or Commitment of a particular Class. Notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, the Term Loans existing on the Closing Date and the 2022 Incremental Term Loans shall be deemed to be, and treated as, part of a single Class of Term Loans for all purposes hereof, including for any purposes of any determination of Required Lenders and the application of repayments or prepayments to the Term Loans. Closing Date shall mean the date of the initial Credit Extensions hereunder. Code shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. Collateral shall mean, collectively, all of the Security Agreement Collateral, the Mortgaged Property and all other Property of whatever kind and nature, whether now existing or hereafter acquired, granted or purported to be granted as collateral or otherwise subject to a security interest or purported to be subject to a security interest under any Security Document. Collateral Account shall mean a collateral account or sub-account established and maintained from time to time by the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties, in accordance with the provisions of Section 9.01 . Collateral Agent shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble hereto. Commitment shall mean, with respect to any Lender, such Lender s Revolving Commitment, Initial Term Loan Commitment, Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment, New Term Loan Commitment or any commitment in connection with an Extended Term Loan. 
 8 

Commitment Fee shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.05(a) . Commitment Letter shall mean that certain Commitment Letter, dated as of September 21, 2021, between the Borrower, Jefferies Finance LLC and the other Commitment Parties (as defined therein). Commodity Exchange Act shall mean the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq.), as amended from time to time, and any successor statute. Communications shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 11.01(d) . Companies shall mean the Borrower and the Subsidiaries; and Company shall mean any one of them. Compliance Certificate shall mean a certificate of a Financial Officer of the Borrower substantially in the form of Exhibit C . Consenting Revolving Lender shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the Third Amendment and shall include each Consenting Revolving Lender s successors and assigns. Consenting Term Lender shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the Third Amendment and shall include each Consenting Term Lender s successors and assigns. Consolidated Amortization Expense shall mean, for any period, the amortization expense of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such period, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP (including accelerated amortization from the write-off or write-down of tangible or intangible assets (other than the write-down of current assets) including capitalized software and organizational costs). Consolidated Current Assets shall mean, as at any date of determination, the total assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (other than cash and cash equivalents including Cash Equivalents, and excluding the effects of adjustments pursuant to GAAP resulting from the application of recapitalization accounting or purchase accounting, as the case may be, in relation to the Transactions or any consummated acquisition), which may properly be classified as current assets on a consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP. Consolidated Current Liabilities shall mean, as at any date of determination, the total liabilities (excluding deferred taxes and taxes payable) of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries which may properly be classified as current liabilities (other than (w) the current portion of any Loans and other long-term liabilities, and liabilities in respect of Hedging Obligations, and, in each case, accrued interest thereon, (x) liabilities in respect of unpaid earnouts and accrued litigation settlement costs and (y) current liabilities consisting of deferred revenue) on a consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP, plus the amount of long-term deferred revenue of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP and furthermore, excluding the effects of adjustments pursuant to GAAP resulting from the application of purchase accounting in relation to the Transactions or any consummated acquisition. Consolidated Depreciation Expense shall mean, for any period, the depreciation expense of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such period, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP (including accelerated depreciation from the write-off or write-down of tangible or intangible assets (other than the write-down of current assets) including capitalized software and organizational costs). Consolidated EBITDA shall mean, for any period, Consolidated Net Income for such period, adjusted by (y) adding thereto , without duplication, in each case, only to the extent deducted in determining Consolidated Net Income and not added back pursuant to the definition of Consolidated Net Income, and provided that to the extent the ability to add back any item is capped or otherwise limited pursuant to one clause of this definition, no other clause herein shall operate to permit an amount in excess of such cap or limitation to be added back: (a) Consolidated Interest Expense for such period; 
 9 

(b) Consolidated Amortization Expense for such period; (c) Consolidated Depreciation Expense for such period; (d) Consolidated Tax Expense for such period; (e) (1) the amount of cost savings, operating expense reductions, other operating improvements and initiatives and synergies incurred, in each case, in connection with the applicable Transaction or another Subject Transaction and which are projected by Borrower in good faith to be reasonably anticipated to be realized from actions taken or with respect to which substantial steps have been taken within eighteen (18) months of the date of the Transactions or the applicable Subject Transaction (which will be added to Consolidated EBITDA as so projected until fully realized and calculated on a Pro Forma Basis as though such cost savings, operating expense reductions, other operating improvements and initiatives and synergies had been realized on the first day of such period) net of the amount of actual benefits realized during such period from such actions; provided that all steps have been taken or with respect to which substantial steps have been taken for realizing such cost savings and such cost savings are reasonably identifiable and factually supportable (in the good faith determination of the Borrower and certified by a Financial Officer of the Borrower); and (2) the amount of any restructuring charge, reserve, integration cost, new product start-up cost or other business optimization expense or cost (including charges directly related to implementation of cost-savings initiatives), that is deducted (and not added back) in such period in computing Consolidated Net Income including, without limitation, those related to severance, retention, signing bonuses, relocation, litigation transition costs and expenses, recruiting and other similar employee related costs, future lease commitments, lease breakage and costs related to the opening and closure and/or consolidation of facilities or offices and to exiting lines of business; provided that , the aggregate amount pursuant to this clause (e) or the definition of Pro Forma Basis in any period of four consecutive fiscal quarters , together with the aggregate amount of extraordinary or nonrecurring losses and expenses excluded from Consolidated Net Income pursuant to clause (h) of the definition thereof for such period, shall not exceed 25 of Consolidated EBITDA prior to giving effect to such pro forma add-backs and adjustments for such period; provided , further , that (x) such 25 limitation will not apply to the extent the adjustments in this clause (e) are determined on a basis consistent with Article 11 of Regulation S-X promulgated under the Exchange Act and as interpreted by the staff of the Securities and Exchange Commission (or any successor agency) and (y) amounts added back or adjusted pursuant to this clause (e) shall be without duplication of (and shall not be in addition to) any amounts added back or adjusted pursuant to the definition of Pro Forma Basis set forth in this Agreement; (f) [reserved]; (g) out-of-pocket fees, costs and expenses (including legal, tax, structuring and other similar costs and expenses) payable to third parties in connection with (except as provided below) any Investment, acquisition (including costs and expenses in connection with the de-listing of public targets and compliance with public company requirements), disposition (including, without limitation, a sale of (1) the equity of the Borrower (or its direct or indirect parent) and its Subsidiaries or (2) substantially all of the assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries), recapitalization, Dividend, Equity Issuance, consolidation, restructurings, or the incurrence, registration (actual or proposed), repayments or amendments of Indebtedness (including, without limitation, letter of credit fees and, in connection with any refinancing of such Indebtedness, unamortized fees, costs and expenses paid in cash in connection with repayment of Indebtedness) (in each case, whether or not consummated or successful), including, without limitation, (t) deferred commission or similar payments paid in cash in connection with any transaction not prohibited by this Credit Agreement, (u) any breakage costs incurred in connection with the termination of any Hedging Agreement as a result of the prepayment of Indebtedness, (v) such out-of-pocket fees, costs or expenses related to the execution, delivery, maintenance and closing of any Loans or any Permitted Refinancing and this Agreement and (w) any amendment, waiver or other modification of Loans or any Permitted Refinancing, any Loan Document, any other Indebtedness or any Equity Interests, in each case, whether or not consummated, deducted (and not added back) in computing Consolidated Net Income; (h) [reserved]; 
 10 

(i) (A) non-cash costs and expenses relating to any equity-based compensation or equity-based incentive plan or any other management or employee benefit plan or agreement or any stock subscription or shareholder agreement, in each case, of the Borrower or any Subsidiary for such period and (B) any cash costs or expenses relating to any equity-based compensation or equity-based incentive plan or any other management or employee benefit plan or agreement or any stock subscription or shareholder agreement in each case, of the Borrower or any Subsidiary for such period, to the extent that such costs or expenses are funded with net cash proceeds from the issuance of Equity Interests of, or a contribution to the capital of, the Borrower as cash common equity and/or Qualified Stock and which are in turn contributed to the Borrower as cash common equity; (j) cash expenses of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries incurred during such period to the extent (x) deducted in determining Consolidated Net Income and (y) reimbursed in cash by any person (other than any of the Borrower, the Companies or any of their Subsidiaries or any owners, directly or indirectly, of Equity Interests, respectively, therein) during such period (or reasonably expected to be so reimbursed within 365 days of the end of such period to the extent not accrued) pursuant to an indemnity or guaranty or any other reimbursement agreement in favor of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries to the extent such reimbursement has not been accrued provided that, (A) if not so reimbursed or received by the Borrower or such Subsidiary within such 365 day period, such expenses or losses shall be subtracted in the subsequent calculation period or (B) if reimbursed or received by the Borrower or such Subsidiary in a subsequent period, such amount shall not be permitted to be added back in determining Consolidated EBITDA for such subsequent period); (k) (x) the aggregate amount of all other non-cash items, write-downs, non-cash expenses, or non-cash losses (including, to the extent not taken into account when calculating Consolidated EBITDA, (i) purchase accounting adjustments under ASC 805 and (ii) deferred revenue which would reasonably have been included in determining Consolidated Net Income for such period, but for the application of purchase accounting rules) otherwise reducing Consolidated Net Income (other than with respect to the preceding clause (ii)) and excluding any such non-cash items, write-downs, expenses, or losses that are reasonably expected to result in, or require pursuant to GAAP, an accrual of a reserve for cash charge, costs and/or expenses in any future period, (y) net non-cash exchange, translation or performance losses relating to foreign currency transactions and currency fluctuations and (z) cash charges resulting from the application of ASC 805 (including with respect to Earn-Outs incurred by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with any Permitted Acquisition); (l) costs and expenses related to the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and paid or reimbursed by or on behalf of any of the Loan Parties to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any of the Lenders or other third parties paid or engaged by the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any of the Lenders or paid by any of the Loan Parties; (m) the unamortized fees, costs and expenses paid in cash in connection with the repayment of Indebtedness to persons that are not Affiliates of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries; (n) the aggregate amount of expenses or losses incurred by the Borrower or any Subsidiary relating to business interruption to the extent covered by insurance and (x) actually reimbursed or otherwise paid to the Borrower or such Subsidiary or (y) so long as such amount for any calculation period is reasonably expected to be received by the Borrower or such Subsidiary in a subsequent calculation period and within one year of the date of the underlying loss and, in each case, the amount of such increase is not otherwise included in Consolidated Net Income for such period provided that, (A) if not so reimbursed or received by the Borrower or such Subsidiary within such one-year period, such expenses or losses shall be subtracted in the subsequent calculation period or (B) if reimbursed or received by the Borrower or such Subsidiary in a subsequent period, such amount shall not be permitted to be added back in determining Consolidated EBITDA for such subsequent period); (o) any net loss included in Consolidated Net Income attributable to non-controlling interests pursuant to the application of Accounting Standards Codification Topic 810-10-45 Topic 810 (p) the amount of any minority interest expense of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries consisting of 
 11 

Subsidiary income attributable to minority equity interests of third parties in any non-wholly owned Subsidiary deducted in calculating Consolidated Net Income (and not added back in such period to Consolidated Net Income), but only to the extent income attributable to such non-wholly owned Subsidiary would be permitted to be included in Consolidated Net Income; (q) losses, charges and expenses attributable to Asset Sales or other dispositions or the sale or other disposition of any Equity Interests of any Person other than in the ordinary course of business; (r) payments to employees, directors or officers of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries paid in connection with Dividends that are otherwise permitted hereunder to the extent such payments are not made in lieu of, or as a substitution for, ordinary salary, ordinary fees or ordinary payroll payments; (s) the difference between rental payments actually paid in cash and deferred rental expense deducted in determining consolidated net income; (t) the difference between commissions actually paid in cash and commission expense deducted in determining consolidated net income; (u) the difference between initiation fees actually received in cash and the amount included in determining consolidated net income; and (v) the difference between paid-in-full dues actually received in cash and the amount included in determining consolidated net income; and (z) subtracting therefrom the aggregate amount of, without duplication and solely to the extent added to Consolidated Net Income, (A) all non-cash items increasing Consolidated Net Income (other than the accrual of revenue or recording of receivables in the ordinary course of business and any non-cash gains with respect to cash actually received in a prior period so long as such cash was not included in Consolidated EBITDA in such prior period pursuant to sub-clauses (s) through (v) above), (B) all gains (whether cash or non-cash) resulting from the early termination or extinguishment of Indebtedness, (C) net realized gains from Hedging Agreements or embedded derivatives that require similar accounting treatment and the application of Accounting Standard Codification Topic 815 and related pronouncements, (D) the amount of any minority interest income consisting of Subsidiary loss attributable to minority equity interests of third parties in any non-wholly owned Subsidiary added to Consolidated Net Income (and not deducted in such period from Consolidated Net Income), (E) any net income included in Consolidated Net Income attributable to non-controlling interests pursuant to the application of Topic 810, (F) any amounts added to Consolidated EBITDA pursuant to sub-clause (j) above in the prior calculation period with respect to expected reimbursements to the extent such reimbursements are not received within such 365 day period following such prior calculation period and (G) the aggregate amount of all other non-cash gains resulting from purchase price accounting adjustments. provided that Consolidated EBITDA for the fiscal quarters ended September 30, 2020, December 31, 2020, March 31, 2021 and June 30, 2021 shall be deemed to be 11,199,000, 13,857,000, 12,858,000 and 13,218,000, respectively, in each case, as adjusted on a Pro Forma Basis, as applicable; it being agreed that for purposes of calculating any financial ratio or test on a Pro Forma Basis (after the end of any of the four quarterly periods set forth above) in connection with a Subject Transaction, Consolidated EBITDA shall be calculated in a manner consistent with Consolidated EBITDA for such quarterly period and the adjustments set forth above in this definition. Other than for purposes of calculating Excess Cash Flow, Consolidated EBITDA shall be calculated on a Pro Forma Basis to give effect to any Subject Transaction, and for the purposes of calculating Excess Cash Flow, the pro forma adjustments set forth in the preceding clause (e) shall not be taken into account in the calculation of Consolidated EBITDA. Other than for purposes of calculating Excess Cash Flow, Consolidated EBITDA shall be calculated on a Pro Forma Basis to give effect to any Subject Transaction, and for the purposes of calculating Excess Cash Flow, the pro forma adjustments set forth in the preceding clause (e) shall not be taken into account in the calculation of Consolidated EBITDA. 
 12 

Consolidated First Lien Indebtedness shall mean, as of any date of determination, without duplication, the aggregate amount of Consolidated Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries that, as of such date, is secured by a first priority Lien on any asset or property of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries. Consolidated Indebtedness shall mean, at any date, the aggregate outstanding principal amount, determined on a consolidated basis, without duplication, in accordance with GAAP, of (i) all Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries of the types referred to in clauses (a) (but only in respect of the principal amount thereof), (b) (but only in respect of the principal amount thereof and excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, surety bonds), (d) provided that, in the case of purchase price adjustments or Earn-Outs, solely to the extent due and payable), (f) and (i) (but only in respect of the drawn amount thereof) of the definition of Indebtedness in this Section 1.01 (giving effect to the proviso to such definition) and (ii) without duplication, all Indebtedness of the Company Borrower and its Subsidiaries of the type referred to in clause viii j of the definition of Indebtedness to the extent that such Guarant ee d Contingent Obligations relate to liabilities under clauses (a) (but only in respect of the principal amount thereof), (b) (but only in respect of the principal amount thereof and excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, surety bonds), e d), (f and (i) (but only in respect of the drawn amount thereof) of the definition of Indebtedness (giving effect to the proviso to such definition) but, in each case, excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any Bank Product Obligations (other than any overdrafts incurred in respect of the foregoing) and Swap Obligations. Consolidated Interest Expense shall mean, for any period, the total consolidated interest expense of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such period determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP plus , without duplication: (a) imputed interest on Capital Lease Obligations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such period; (b) commissions, discounts and other fees and charges owed by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries with respect to letters of credit securing financial obligations, bankers acceptance financing and receivables financings for such period; (c) amortization of Debt Issuance costs, debt discount or prepayment or other premiums and other financing fees and expenses incurred by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries for such period; (d) cash contributions to any employee stock ownership plan or similar trust made by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries to the extent such contributions are used by such plan or trust to pay interest or fees to any person (other than the Borrower or a Wholly Owned Subsidiary which is a Subsidiary) in connection with Indebtedness incurred by such plan or trust for such period; (e) all interest paid or payable with respect to discontinued operations of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries for such period; (f) the interest portion of any deferred payment obligations of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries for such period; and (g) all interest on any Indebtedness of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries of the type described in clause (e) or (j) of the definition of Indebtedness for such period; provided that (a) to the extent directly and exclusively related to the consummation of the Transactions, Debt Issuance costs, debt discount or premium and other financing fees and expenses shall be excluded from the calculation of Consolidated Interest Expense and (b) Consolidated Interest Expense shall be calculated after giving effect to Hedging Agreements (including associated costs) intended to protect against fluctuations in interest rates, but excluding unrealized gains and losses with respect to any such Hedging Agreements. For the purposes of determining the Consolidated Interest Expense, for any period, such determination shall be made on a Pro Forma Basis to give effect to any Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness incurred for ordinary course working capital needs under ordinary course revolving credit facilities) incurred, assumed or permanently repaid or prepaid or extinguished at any time on or after the first day of the Test Period and prior to the date of determination in connection with any Permitted Acquisition, 
 13 

Asset Sale or other Disposition (other than any Dispositions in the ordinary course of business), and discontinued lines of business or operations as if such incurrence, assumption, repayment or extinguishing had been effected on the first day of such period. Consolidated Net Income shall mean, for any period, the consolidated net income (or loss) of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such period determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP; provided that there shall be excluded from such net income (to the extent otherwise included therein), without duplication: (a) the net income (or loss) of any person (other than a Subsidiary of the Borrower) in which any person other than the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries has an ownership interest, except to the extent that cash in an amount equal to any such income has actually been received by the Borrower or (subject to clause (b) below) any of its Subsidiaries during such period; (b) the net income of any Subsidiary of the Borrower during such period to the extent that (A) the declaration or payment of dividends or similar distributions by such Subsidiary of that income is not permitted by operation of the terms of its Organizational Documents or any agreement (other than this Agreement or any other Loan Document), instrument, Order or other Legal Requirement applicable to that Subsidiary or its equity holders during such period (unless such restriction or limitation has been effectively waived), except that the Borrower s equity in net loss of any such Subsidiary for such period shall be included in determining Consolidated Net Income, or (B) such net income, if dividended or distributed to the equity holders of such Subsidiary in accordance with the terms of its Organizational Documents, would be received by any Person other than a Loan Party; (c) any gain (or loss), together with any related provisions for taxes on any such gain (or the tax effect of any such loss), realized during such period by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries upon any Disposition of assets by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries; (d) gains and losses due solely to (i) exchange, translation or performance gains or losses relating to foreign currency transactions, fluctuations in currency values and the related tax effects determined in accordance with GAAP for such period and (ii) the cumulative effect of any change in accounting principles; (e) (x) non-cash gains and losses resulting from any reappraisal, revaluation, write-down or write-up of assets (including intangible assets, goodwill and deferred financing costs) (including pursuant to the application of ASC 350 and ASC 360) and (y) cash and non-cash income, earnings, charges, expenses, gains and losses resulting from the application of ASC 805 with respect to Earn-Outs incurred by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with any Permitted Acquisition; (f) any net unrealized gains or losses from Hedging Agreements or embedded derivatives that require similar accounting treatment and the application of Accounting Standard Codification Topic 815 and related pronouncements for such period; (g) all deferred financing costs written off and premiums paid or other expenses incurred directly in connection with any early extinguishment of Indebtedness and any net gain (or loss) from any write-off or forgiveness of Indebtedness; (h) any extraordinary (as determined in accordance with GAAP) or nonrecurring gain, loss, income and expense, together with any related provision for taxes on any such gain (or the tax effect of any such loss), recorded or recognized by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries during such period; provided that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, with respect to any extraordinary or non-recurring gain (or loss, expense or charge) that is also described or referenced in the definition of Consolidated EBITDA , such extraordinary or non-recurring gain (or loss, expense or charge) shall instead be subtracted from (and/or added back to) Consolidated Net Income in the calculation of Consolidated EBITDA in accordance with the definition of such term set forth in this Agreement; provided that the aggregate amount of extraordinary or nonrecurring losses and expenses excluded from Consolidated Net Income pursuant to this clause (h) in any period of four consecutive fiscal quarters, together with the aggregate amount increasing Consolidated EBITDA pursuant to clause (e) of the definition thereof and 
 14 

the definition of Pro Forma Basis for such period, shall not exceed 25 of Consolidated EBITDA prior to giving effect to such add-backs and adjustments for such period; (i) any (i) non-cash compensation charge or expense arising from any grant of stock, stock options or other equity based awards and any non-cash deemed finance charges in respect of any pension liabilities or other provisions or on the re-valuation of any benefit plan obligation and (ii) income (loss) attributable to deferred compensation plans or trusts; (j) the cumulative effect of a change in accounting principles; (k) any purchase accounting effects including adjustments to inventory, property and equipment, software and other intangible assets and deferred revenue in component amounts required or permitted by GAAP and related authoritative pronouncements (including the effects of such adjustments pushed down to the Borrower and the Subsidiaries), as a result of any consummated acquisition, or the amortization or write-off of any amounts thereof (including any write-off of in process research and development); and (l) accruals and reserves that are established within twelve (12) months after the Closing Date that are so required to be established as a result of the Transactions in accordance with GAAP. For purposes of this definition of Consolidated Net Income, (w) nonrecurring shall mean any gain or loss as of any date that (i) did not occur in the ordinary course of the Borrower s or its Subsidiaries business and (ii) is of a nature and type that has not occurred in the prior twenty-four month period and is not reasonably expected to occur in the future, (x) ASC 805 shall mean the Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification 805 (Business Combinations), issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board in December 2007, (y) ASC 350 shall mean the Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification 350 (Intangibles, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets), issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board in June 2001 and (z) ASC 360 shall mean the Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification 360 (Property , Plant and Equipment). Consolidated Secured Indebtedness shall mean, as of any date of determination, without duplication, the aggregate amount of Consolidated Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries that, as of such date, is secured by a Lien on any asset or property of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries. Consolidated Tax Expense shall mean, for any period, the tax expense of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, for such period, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP and net of any applicable credits or reimbursements received by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries during such period (to the extent such credit or reimbursement (as applicable) is otherwise included in the calculation of Consolidated Net Income or Consolidated EBITDA (as applicable)). Consolidated Total Assets shall mean at any date of determination, the net book value of all assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. Contingent Obligation shall mean, as to any person, any obligation, agreement, understanding or arrangement of such person guaranteeing or intended to guarantee any Indebtedness, leases, dividends or other obligations primary obligations of any other person (the primary obligor in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, including any obligation, agreement, understanding or arrangement of such person, whether or not contingent: (a) to purchase any such primary obligation or any Property constituting direct or indirect security therefor; (b) to advance or supply funds (i) for the purchase or payment of any such primary obligation or (ii) to maintain working capital or equity capital of the primary obligor or otherwise to maintain the net worth or solvency of the primary obligor; (c) to purchase or lease Property, securities or services primarily for the purpose of assuring the owner of any such primary obligation of the ability of the primary obligor to make payment of such primary obligation; (d) with respect to bankers acceptances, letters of credit and similar credit arrangements, until a reimbursement obligation arises (which reimbursement obligation shall constitute Indebtedness); or (e) otherwise to assure or hold harmless the holder of such primary obligation against loss (in whole or in part) in respect thereof; provided , however , that the term 
 15 

Contingent Obligation shall not include endorsements of instruments for deposit or collection in the ordinary course of business or any product warranties or other contingent obligations (other than with respect to borrowed money or capital leases) incurred in the ordinary course of business, including indemnities. The amount of any Contingent Obligation shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the primary obligation in respect of which such Contingent Obligation is made (or, if less, the maximum amount of such primary obligation for which such person may be liable, whether singly or jointly, pursuant to the terms of the instrument evidencing such Contingent Obligation) or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof (assuming such person is required to perform thereunder) as determined by such person in good faith. Contribution Share shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 7.10(a) . Control shall mean the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise, and the terms Controlling and Controlled shall have meanings correlative thereto. Control Agreement shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the Security Agreement. Convertible Indebtedness shall mean Indebtedness of the Borrower permitted to be incurred under the terms of this Agreement that is either (a) convertible into common stock of the Borrower (and cash in lieu of fractional shares) and/or cash (in an amount determined by reference to the price of such common stock) or (b) sold as units with call options, warrants or rights to purchase (or substantially equivalent derivative transactions) that are exercisable for common stock of the Borrower and/or cash (in an amount determined by reference to the price of such common stock). Credit Extension shall mean the making of a Loan by a Lender. Cumulative Amount shall mean, on any date of determination (the Reference Date ), the sum of (without duplication): (a) 10,000,000; provided that, during the Amendment Relief Period, the amount under this clause (a) shall equal 0; plus (b) the portion of Excess Cash Flow, determined on a cumulative basis for all fiscal years of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, commencing with the fiscal year ending on September 30, 2023 2024 , that was not required to be applied to prepay T e rm Loans pursuant to Section 2.10(e) ; minus the aggregate amount of all voluntary prepayments made during such period that reduced on a dollar-for-dollar basis the amount required to be applied to prepay T e rm Loans pursuant to Section 2.10(e) in respect of such period; plus (c) an amount determined on a cumulative basis from the Closing Date equal to the net cash proceeds from the issuance of Equity Interests of, or a contribution to the capital of, the Borrower (other than (I) to the extent constituting a Cure Amount or (II) proceeds from a Permitted Warrant Transaction or (III) to the extent that such cash proceeds have been previously applied or used for another purpose); plus (d) an amount determined on a cumulative basis equal to the net cash proceeds received by the Borrower from Indebtedness or Disqualified Stock issued after the Closing Date and subsequently converted or exchanged into Qualified Stock of the Borrower or any direct or indirect parent company of the Borrower (other than to the extent constituting a Cure Amount); plus (e) to the extent not included in the calculation of Consolidated Net Income, an amount determined on a cumulative basis equal to the net cash proceeds of sales of Investments previously made pursuant to Section 6.04(q) using the Cumulative Amount, up to a maximum amount of such original Investment; plus (f) to the extent not included in the calculation of Consolidated Net Income, the aggregate amount of Dividends, profits, returns or similar amounts received in cash or Cash Equivalents on Investments previously made pursuant to Section 6.04(q) using the Cumulative Amount, up to a maximum amount of such original Investment; plus 
 16 

(g) [reserved]; (h) the aggregate amount of prepayments which are declined or waived by any Lender pursuant to Section 2.10( h j ); minus (i) the aggregate amount of (i) Investments made pursuant to Section 6.04(q) using the Cumulative Amount, (ii) dividends made pursuant to Section 6.07(e) using the Cumulative Amount, (iii) payments in respect of Junior Indebtedness made pursuant to Section 6.09(a)(i) using the Cumulative Amount and (iv) any other payment made hereunder using the Cumulative Amount, in each case during the period from and including the Business Day immediately following the Closing Date through and including the Reference Date (without taking account of the intended usage of the Cumulative Amount on such Reference Date). Cure Amount shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.03(a) . Cure Notice shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.03(a) . Cure Right shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.03(a) . Cure Specified Date shall mean, with respect to any of the first three fiscal quarters of the Borrower in a fiscal year, within forty five (45) days after the end of such fiscal quarter, and with respect to the fourth fiscal quarter of the Borrower in a fiscal year, within ninety (90) days after the end of such fiscal quarter, in each case, commencing with the fiscal quarter ending March 31, 2022. Debt Issuance shall mean the incurrence by any Company of any Indebtedness after the Closing Date (other than as permitted by Section 6.01 ). Debt Service shall mean, for any period, Cash Interest Expense for such period plus scheduled principal amortization (and other scheduled mandatory prepayments and repayments (whether pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise)) of all Indebtedness for such period (including the implied principal component of scheduled payments made in respect of permitted Capital Lease Obligations). Debtor Relief Laws shall mean the Bankruptcy Code, and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect. Default shall mean any event, occurrence or condition which is, or upon notice, lapse of time or both would constitute, an Event of Default. Default Excess shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.16(c) . Default Period shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.16(c) . Default Rate shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.06(c) . Defaulted Loan shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Defaulting Lender. Defaulting Lender shall mean any Lender that has (a) failed to fund its portion of any Borrowing within two Business Days of the date on which it shall have been required to fund the same (such Loan being a Defaulted Loan ), unless the subject of a good faith dispute between Borrower and such Lender related hereto, (b) notified Borrower, the Administrative Agent or any other Lender in writing that it does not intend to comply with any of its funding obligations under this Agreement or has made a public statement to the effect that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations under this Agreement or under agreements in which it commits to extend credit generally, unless such notification or public statement relates to such Lender s obligation to fund a Loan hereunder and states that such position is based on such Lender s determination that a condition precedent to funding (which condition 
 17 

precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such notification or public statement) cannot be satisfied, (c) failed, within three Business Days after written request by the Administrative Agent or the Borrower, to confirm that it will comply with the terms of this Agreement relating to its obligations to fund prospective Loans (unless the subject of a good faith dispute between Borrower and such Lender); provided that any such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender under this clause (c) upon receipt of such confirmation by the Administrative Agent or the Borrower, (d) otherwise failed to pay over to the Borrower the, the Administrative Agent or any other Lender any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder within one Business Day of the date when due (unless such amount is subject to a good faith dispute), (e)(i) been adjudicated as, (or whose direct or indirect parent company has been adjudicated as), or determined by any Governmental Authority having regulatory authority over such person (or such person s direct or indirect parent company) or its Properties or assets to be, insolvent or (ii) become the subject of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, or has had a receiver, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or custodian, appointed for it, or has taken any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of or acquiescence in any such proceeding or appointment, unless, in the case of any Lender referred to in this clause (e), the Borrower and the Administrative Agent shall be satisfied that such Lender intends, and has all approvals required to enable it, to continue to perform its obligations as a Lender hereunder. For the avoidance of doubt, a Lender shall not be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any Equity Interest in such Lender or its parent by a Governmental Authority so long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States of America or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Lender (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Lender or (f) become, or has a direct or indirect parent company that has become, the subject of a Bail-in Action; provided that, as of any date of determination, the determination of whether any Lender is a Defaulting Lender hereunder shall not take into account, and shall not otherwise impair, any amounts funded by such Lender which have been assigned by such Lender to an SPC pursuant to Section 11.04(i) . Any determination by the Administrative Agent that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender under any one or more of clauses (a) through (f) above shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and such Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender) upon delivery of written notice of such determination to the Borrower and each Lender. Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment shall mean, with respect to each Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender, the commitment, if any, of such Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender to make a Delayed Draw Term Loan. The aggregate principal amount of the Delayed Draw Term Loan Lenders Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitments on the Closing Date is 35,000,000. The aggregate principal amount of the 2022 Incremental Delayed Draw Term Loan Lenders 2022 Incremental Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitments on the First Amendment Effective Date is 35,000,000. Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment Expiration Date shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.02(f) . Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment Fee Rate shall mean (a) with respect to each Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender, for the period from (and including) the Closing Date to (but excluding) the Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment Expiration Date, a rate per annum equal to 1.00 of the average daily unused portion of the Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitments of non-defaulting Lenders with Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitments, payable quarterly in arrears, and calculated on the basis of a 360-day year and shall be payable for the actual days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day) and (b) with respect to each 2022 Incremental Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender, for the period from (and including) the First Amendment Effective Date to (but excluding) the Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment Expiration Date, a rate per annum equal to 1.00 of the average daily unused portion of the Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitments of non-defaulting Lenders with Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitments, payable quarterly in arrears, and calculated on the basis of a 360-day year and shall be payable for the actual days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). Delayed Draw Term Loan Extension shall mean the making of a Delayed Draw Term Loan. 
 18 

Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender shall mean a Lender with a Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment or an outstanding Delayed Draw Term Loan, including any 2022 Incremental Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender with a 2022 Incremental Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment or an outstanding 2022 Incremental Delayed Draw Term Loan. Delayed Draw Term Loans shall mean the delayed draw term loans made by the Delayed Draw Term Loan Lenders to the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.01(c) and shall include, for the avoidance of doubt, any PIK Amounts . From and after the date of any borrowing of any Delayed Draw Term Loans, each Delayed Draw Term Loan shall be deemed a Term Loan hereunder and part of the same Class as the Initial Term Loans for all purposes hereunder. Delayed Draw Ticking Fee shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.05(b). Designated Capital Expenditures shall mean Capital Expenditures in amounts included in the Projections. Discharge of the Guaranteed Obligations shall mean and shall have occurred when (i) all Guaranteed Obligations shall have been paid in full in cash and all other obligations under the Loan Documents shall have been performed (other than (a) those expressly stated to survive termination, (b) contingent obligations as to which no claim has been asserted and (c) obligations and liabilities under Specified Hedging Agreements and Bank Product Agreements as to which arrangements satisfactory to the applicable counterparties have been made) and (ii) all Commitments shall have terminated or expired. Disposition shall mean, with respect to any Property, any conveyance, sale, lease, sublease, assignment, transfer or other disposition (including by way of merger or consolidation and including any Sale and Leaseback Transaction) of such Property, and the terms Dispose , Disposed and Disposing shall have meanings correlative thereto. Disqualified Institution shall mean any Person (or its subsidiaries and affiliates) who is an operating competitor of the Borrower or its subsidiaries and that is separately identified by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent by name in writing prior to the Closing Date (which list of operating competitors may be supplemented by the Borrower after the Closing Date by means of a written notice to the Administrative Agent; provided that (i) such supplementation shall not apply retroactively to disqualify any persons that have previously acquired an assignment or participation in the Loans or commitments hereunder and (ii) such list and any supplement thereto may be posted by the Administrative Agent for the Lenders. Disqualified Stock shall mean any equity interest that, by its terms (or by the terms of any security or instrument into which it is convertible or for which it is exchangeable or exercisable), or upon the happening of any event, (a) matures (excluding any maturity as the result ofan optional redemption by the issuer thereof) or is mandatorily redeemable (other than for shares of equity that are not Disqualified Stock), pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise, or is redeemable (other than for shares of equity that are not Disqualified Stock) at the option of the holder thereof, in whole or in part, or requires the payment of any cash dividend or any other scheduled payment (other than in shares of equity that are not Disqualified Stock) constituting a return of capital, in each case, on a date that is prior to 91 days after the Final Maturity Date, or (b) is convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for (i) debt securities or other indebtedness or (ii) any equity interest referred to in clause (a) above or (c) contains any repurchase or payment obligation (other than payments or dividends solely in shares of equity that are not Disqualified Stock); provided , however , that any equity interests that would not constitute Disqualified Stock but for provisions thereof giving holders thereof (or the holders of any security into or for which such equity interests is convertible, exchangeable or exercisable) the right to require the issuer thereof to redeem such equity interests upon the occurrence of a Change in Control shall not constitute Disqualified Stock if such equity interests provide that the issuer thereof will not redeem any such equity interests pursuant to such provisions prior to the repayment in full of the Facilities (or any refinancing thereof). Dividend shall mean, with respect to any person, that such person has declared or paid a dividend or returned 
 19 

any equity capital to the holders of its Equity Interests or authorized or made any other distribution, payment or delivery of Property (other than common equity of such person) or cash to the holders of its Equity Interests as such, or redeemed, retired, purchased or otherwise acquired, directly or indirectly, for consideration any of its Equity Interests outstanding (or any options or warrants issued by such person with respect to its Equity Interests), or set aside or otherwise reserved, directly or indirectly, any funds for any of the foregoing purposes, or shall have permitted any of its Subsidiaries to purchase or otherwise acquire for consideration any of the outstanding Equity Interests of such person (or any options or warrants issued by such person with respect to its Equity Interests). Without limiting the foregoing, Dividends with respect to any person shall also include all payments made or required to be made by such person with respect to any stock appreciation rights, plans, equity incentive or achievement plans or any similar plans or setting aside of or otherwise reserving any funds for the foregoing purposes. Dollar Equivalent shall mean, as to any amount denominated in a Judgment Currency as of any date of determination, the amount of Dollars that would be required to purchase the amount of such Judgment Currency based upon the spot selling rate at which the Administrative Agent (or another financial institution designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time) offers to sell such Judgment Currency for Dollars in the London foreign exchange market at approximately 11:00 a.m. London time on such date for delivery two Business Days later. Dollars or shall mean lawful money of the United States. Domestic Subsidiary shall mean any Subsidiary organized under the laws of any jurisdiction within the United States. Earn-Outs shall mean, with respect to a Permitted Acquisition or any other acquisition of any assets or Property by any Company, that portion of the purchase consideration therefor and that portion of all other payments and liabilities (whether payable in cash or by exchange of Equity Interests or of any Property or otherwise), directly or indirectly, payable by any Company in exchange for, or as part of, or in connection with, such Permitted Acquisition or such other acquisition, as the case may be, that is deferred for payment to a future time after the consummation of such Permitted Acquisition or such other acquisition, as the case may be, whether or not any such future payment is subject to the occurrence of any contingency, and includes any and all payments representing the purchase price and any assumptions of Indebtedness, earn-outs and other agreements to make any payment the amount of which is, or the terms of payment of which are, in any respect subject to or contingent upon the revenues, income, cash flow or profits (or the like) of any person or business. EEA Financial Institution shall mean (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. EEA Member Country shall mean any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. EEA Resolution Authority shall mean any public administrative authority or any person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. Employee Benefit Plan shall mean any Pension Plan and any other employee benefit plan as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA (other than a Multiemployer Plan and other than a Foreign Plan) which is or was maintained, contributed to or required to be contributed to by any Company. Engagement Letter shall mean the Engagement Letter, dated as of August 22, 2021 between Inotiv, Inc. and Jefferies Finance LLC (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or modified from time to time in accordance with its terms). 
 20 

Envigo Israel Sale shall mean the sale of Envigo CRS (Israel) Ltd and/or Envigo RMS (Israel) Ltd and/or their respective assets that do not constitute Collateral. Environment shall mean any surface or subsurface physical medium or natural resource, including air, land, soil, surface waters, ground waters, sediments (including stream and river sediments), biota and any indoor surface area, surface or physical medium, and any ecological systems and living organisms supported by these media. Environmental Claim shall mean any claim, notice, demand, Order, action, suit, investigation, proceeding, or other communication or legal proceeding alleging or asserting liability or obligations under Environmental Law, including liability or obligation for investigation, enforcement proceedings, governmental response, assessment, remediation, removal, cleanup, Response, corrective action, monitoring, post-remedial or post-closure studies, investigations, operations and maintenance, injury, damage, destruction or loss to natural resources, personal injury, medical monitoring, wrongful death, property damage, fines, penalties or other costs resulting from, related to or arising out of (a) the presence, Release or threatened Release of Hazardous Materials in, on, into, through or from the Environment at any location or (b) any violation of or non-compliance with Environmental Law, and shall include any claim, notice, demand, Order, action, suit or proceeding seeking damages (including the costs of remediation), contribution, indemnification, cost recovery, penalties, fines, indemnities, compensation or injunctive relief resulting from, related to or arising out of the presence, Release or threatened Release of Hazardous Material or alleged injury or threat of injury to human health and safety (as it relates to exposure to Hazardous Materials) or the Environment. Environmental Law shall mean any and all applicable Legal Requirements relating to or imposing liability or standards of conduct concerning human health and safety (as it relates to exposure to Hazardous Materials) or pollution, preservation, or protection of the Environment, the Release, threatened Release, or the generation, manufacture, use, labeling, treatment, storage, handling, or transportation of Hazardous Material, natural resources or natural resource damages, or occupational safety or health (as it relates to exposure to Hazardous Materials). Environmental Permit shall mean any permit, license, approval, consent, notifications, exemptions, registration or other authorization required by or from a Governmental Authority under any Environmental Law. Equity Interest shall mean, with respect to any person, any and all shares, interests, rights to purchase, warrants, options, participations or other equivalents, including membership interests (however designated, whether voting or nonvoting), of equity of such person, including, if such person is a partnership, partnership interests (whether general or limited), or if such person is a limited liability company, membership interests, and any other interest or participation that confers on a person the right to receive a share of the profits and losses of, or distributions of Property of, such partnership, whether outstanding on the Closing Date or issued on or after the Closing Date, but excluding Convertible Indebtedness. Equity Issuance shall mean, without duplication, (a) any issuance or sale by the Borrower of any Equity Interests in the Borrower (including any Equity Interests issued upon exercise of any warrant or option or equity-based derivative) or any warrants or options or equity-based derivatives to purchase Equity Interests of the Borrower or (b) any contribution to the capital of the Borrower. ERISA shall mean the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder by any Governmental Authority, as from time to time in effect. ERISA Affiliate shall mean, with respect to any person, any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) that, together with such person, is treated as a single employer under Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code or Section 4001 of ERISA, or solely for purposes of Section 302 of ERISA and Section 412 of the Code, is treated as a single employer under Section 414 of the Code. ERISA Event shall mean (i) a reportable event within the meaning of Section 4043(c) of ERISA (other than any such event with respect to which the notice requirement has been waived) with respect to any Pension Plan; (ii) the failure of any Company or any ERISA Affiliate to meet the minimum funding standard of Section 412 or 430 of the Code or Section 302 or 303 of ERISA with respect to any Pension Plan (whether or not waived in accordance 
 21 

with Section 412(c) of the Code) or the failure of any Company or any ERISA Affiliate to make by its due date a required installment under Section 430(j) of the Code with respect to any Pension Plan or the failure of any Company or any ERISA Affiliate to make any required contribution to a Multiemployer Plan, or the filing of any request for or receipt of a minimum funding waiver under Section 412 of the Code with respect to any Pension Plan; (iii) a determination that any Pension Plan is, or is expected to be, in at risk status (as defined in Section 430 of the Code or Section 303 of ERISA); (iv) the provision by the administrator of any Pension Plan pursuant to Section 4041(a)(2) of ERISA of a notice of intent to terminate such Pension Plan in a distress termination described in Section 4041(c) of ERISA, the termination of any Pension Plan under Section 4041(c) of ERISA or the provision by the administrator of any Pension Plan pursuant to Section 4041(a)(2) of ERISA of a notice of intent to terminate such Pension Plan, if such termination would require material additional contributions in order to be considered a standard termination within the meaning of Section 4041(b) of ERISA; (v) a determination that any Multiemployer Plan is, or is expected to be, in critical or endangered status under Section 432 of the Code or Section 305 of ERISA; (vi) the withdrawal by any Company or any ERISA Affiliate from any Pension Plan with two or more contributing sponsors or the termination of any such Pension Plan resulting in liability of any Company or any ERISA Affiliate pursuant to Section 4063 or 4064 of ERISA; (vii) the institution by the PBGC of proceedings to terminate any Pension Plan, or the occurrence of any event or condition which could reasonably be expected to constitute grounds under ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Pension Plan; (viii) the imposition of liability on any Company or any ERISA Affiliate pursuant to Section 4062(e) or 4069 of ERISA or by reason of the application of Section 4212(c) of ERISA; (ix) the complete or partial withdrawal of any Company or any ERISA Affiliate from any Multiemployer Plan (within the meaning of Sections 4203 and 4205 of ERISA) if there is any potential liability therefor, or the receipt by any Company or any ERISA Affiliate of notice from any Multiemployer Plan that it is in reorganization or insolvency pursuant to Section 4245 of ERISA, or that it intends to terminate or has terminated under Section 4041A or 4042 of ERISA; (x) the failure of any Pension Plan (or any other Employee Benefit Plan intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code) to qualify under Section 401(a) of the Code, or the failure of any trust forming part of any Pension Plan to qualify for exemption from taxation under Section 501(a) of the Code; (xi) the imposition of a Lien pursuant to Section 430(k) of the Code or pursuant to ERISA or a violation of Section 436 of the Code with respect to any Pension Plan; or (xii) a Foreign Plan Event. Erroneous Payment shall have the meaning assigned to it in Section 10.14(a) . Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment shall have the meaning assigned to it in Section 10.14(d) . Erroneous Payment Impacted Class shall have the meaning assigned to it in Section 10.14(d) . Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency shall have the meaning assigned to it in Section 10.14(d) . Erroneous Payment Subrogation Rights shall have the meaning assigned to it in Section 10.14(d) . EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule shall mean the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in effect from time to time. Event of Default shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.01 . Excess Cash Flow shall mean, for any Excess Cash Flow Period: (a) the sum, without duplication, of (i) Consolidated EBITDA for such Excess Cash Flow Period; (ii) cash items of income actually received by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries during such Excess Cash Flow Period not included (or deducted) in calculating Consolidated EBITDA; and (iii) the decrease, if any, in Net Working Capital from the start to the end of such Excess Cash 
 22 

Flow Period; minus (b) the sum, in each case without duplication, of: (i) the aggregate amount of cash Consolidated Tax Expense paid or payable by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries with respect to such Excess Cash Flow Period and, if payable, for which, to the extent required under GAAP, reserves have been established; (ii) the aggregate amount of Debt Service for such Excess Cash Flow Period; (iii) the aggregate amount of permanent repayments and prepayments of Indebtedness (including the Voluntary Loan Prepayment Amount made during such Excess Cash Flow Period that is applied by Borrower to Term Loans that are due and payable within the same fiscal year that such amortization payment is due pursuant to Section 2.09, as applicable, but excluding, in each case, the Voluntary Loan Prepayment Amount for such Excess Cash Flow Period that is applied by Borrower to Term Loans that are due and payable during such Excess Cash Flow Period in any fiscal quarter following the date such Voluntary Loan Prepayment Amount is made) made by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries during such Excess Cash Flow Period but only to the extent that (x) such repayments and prepayments by their terms cannot be reborrowed or redrawn, (y) such repayments and prepayments do not occur in connection with a refinancing of all or a portion of such Indebtedness, and (z) such repayments and prepayments are funded with Internally Generated Funds (other than to the extent made using the Cumulative Amount); (iv) the aggregate amount of Capital Expenditures actually paid or committed to be paid in cash during such Excess Cash Flow Period and anticipated to be made prior to the date the mandatory prepayment is required by Section 2.10(e) to the extent funded from Internally Generated Funds (other than to the extent made using the Cumulative Amount); provided that any such amounts not actually used shall be added to the calculation of Excess Cash Flow in the subsequent Excess Cash Flow Period; (v) the aggregate amount of Acquisition Consideration with respect to Permitted Acquisitions, other Investments permitted hereunder, other than Investments ofa type permitted under Section 6.04(b) (other than clause (iv) therein) or (f) in each case, paid in cash during such Excess Cash Flow Period (or committed to be paid in cash during such Excess Cash Flow Period and anticipated to be made prior to the date the mandatory prepayment is required by Section 2.10(e) ; provided that any such amounts not actually used shall be added to the calculation of Excess Cash Flow in the subsequent Excess Cash Flow Period) to the extent funded from Internally Generated Funds (other than to the extent made using the Cumulative Amount); (vi) the aggregate amount of expenditures, other than Capital Expenditures, made in cash during such Excess Cash Flow Period and capitalized in accordance with GAAP during such Excess Cash Flow Period to the extent such expenditures are funded from Internally Generated Funds (other than to the extent made using the Cumulative Amount); (vii) the aggregate amount of cash items of expense (including losses) during such Excess Cash Flow Period not deducted in calculating Consolidated EBITDA; (viii) the aggregate amount of any Dividends (other than Dividends of a type permitted under Section 6.07(a) or (e)) paid during such Excess Cash Flow Period; (ix) the aggregate amount of any cash paid to repurchase Term Loans to the extent funded from Internally Generated Funds; (x) the aggregate amount of cash items included in the calculation of Consolidated EBITDA for such period to the extent paid in cash by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries during such Excess Cash Flow Period; 
 23 

(xi) the amount of any severance costs and expenses, restructuring expenses, charges, accruals and reserves, cost synergies and operating expense reductions, in each case, to the extent constituting adjustments included in the calculation of Consolidated EBITDA for such Excess Cash Flow Period; (xii) the increase, if any, in Net Working Capital from the start to the end of such Excess Cash Flow Period; (xiii) the amount of any non-cash gain included in Consolidated EBITDA for such Excess Cash Flow Period recognized as a result of any Dispositions; and (xiv) cash payments by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries during such Excess Cash Flow Period in respect of long-term liabilities of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (other than obligations described in clause (v) above or Indebtedness) to the extent such payments are not expensed during any Excess Cash Flow Period or are not deducted in calculating Consolidated EBITDA; provided , that, for purposes of calculating Excess Cash Flow for any Excess Cash Flow Period, for each Permitted Acquisition or other Investment consummated during such Excess Cash Flow Period, the Consolidated EBITDA of a target of any Permitted Acquisition or other Investment shall be included in such calculation only from and after the date of the consummation of such Permitted Acquisition or Investment, as applicable. Excess Cash Flow Period shall mean, commencing with the fiscal year ending on September 30, 2022 2024 , each fiscal year of the Borrower. Exc ess N e t Ca s h Proc ee d s shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.10(c)(i) . Excess Payment shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 7.10(a) . Exchange Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Excluded Assets shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the Security Agreement. Excluded Subsidiary shall mean (i) any Subsidiary that is prohibited by applicable law at the time such Subsidiary becomes a Subsidiary from becoming a Guarantor, (ii) (A) any Subsidiary that is a CFC, to the extent making such CFC a Guarantor would result in material adverse tax consequences to the Borrower (as mutually determined by the Administrative Agent Required Lenders and the Borrower) and any and all direct or indirect subsidiaries of such excluded CFC or CFC Holding Company (as defined below) and (B) any Subsidiary that has no material assets other than equity (or equity and indebtedness) of excluded CFCs described in the foregoing clause (ii)(A) (a CFC Holding Company and/or excluded CFC Holding Companies, (iii) any Immaterial Subsidiary and (iv) any Subsidiary acquired pursuant to a Permitted Acquisition or other similar Investment permitted by this Agreement that is an obligor in respect of secured indebtedness that is permitted pursuant to this Agreement and not incurred in contemplation of such Permitted Acquisition or other similar investment and any Subsidiary thereof that Guarantees such secured Indebtedness, in each case to the extent (and for so long as) such secured indebtedness prohibits such subsidiary from becoming a Guarantor. For the avoidance of doubt, the Borrower shall at no time constitute an Excluded Subsidiary. Excluded Swap Obligation shall mean any obligation of any Guarantor to pay or perform under any agreement, contract, or transaction that constitutes a swap within the meaning of Section 1a(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act (a Swap ), if, and to the extent that, all or a portion of the guarantee by such Guarantor of, or the grant by such Guarantor or the Borrower of a security interest to secure, such Swap (or any guarantee thereof) is or becomes illegal under the Commodity Exchange Act or any rule, regulation, or order of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (or the application or official interpretation of any thereof) by virtue of such Guarantor s failure for any reason to constitute an eligible contract participant as defined in the Commodity Exchange Act and the regulations thereunder. 
 24 

Excluded Taxes shall mean, with respect to the Administrative Agent or any Lender, as applicable (each, a Recipient ), of any payment to be made by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party hereunder, or under any Loan Document, (a) Taxes imposed on (or measured by) its net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case (i) imposed by the jurisdiction under the laws of which such Recipient is organized or in which its principal office is located or, in the case of any Lender, in which its applicable lending office is located or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a Lender (other than an assignee pursuant to a request by Borrower under Section 2.16) , any U.S. federal withholding Tax that (i) is imposed on amounts payable to such Recipient at the time such Recipient becomes a party to this Agreement (or designates a new lending office) or (ii) is attributable to such Lender s failure to comply with Section 2.15(e) , in each case except to the extent that such Recipient (or its assignor, if any) was entitled, at the time of designation of a new lending office (or assignment), to receive additional amounts with respect to such withholding Tax pursuant to Section 2.15(a), and (c) any United States federal withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA. Executive Order shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.20(a) . Existing Lien shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.02(b) . Extended Term Loans shall have the meaning specified in Section 2.20(a) . Extending Lender shall have the meaning specified in Section 2.20(a) . Extension shall have the meaning specified in Section 2.20(a) . Extension Offer shall have the meaning specified in Section 2.20(a) . Extraordinary Receipts shall mean any cash received by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries not in the ordinary course of business (and not constituting Net Cash Proceeds subject to Section 2.10(c) or Cure Amount subject to Section 2.10(g)), including, without limitation, (i) judgments, proceeds of settlements, or other consideration of any kind in connection with any cause of action, (ii) indemnity payments (except to the extent used to pay related liabilities owing to third parties unaffiliated with the Loan Parties), (iii) proceeds of tax refunds or tax credits (including any Employee Retention Tax Credit under the CARES Act) and (iv) any purchase price adjustment, escrow payment or holdback amount or similar amount received in connection with any purchase agreement (other than a working capital adjustment). Facilities shall mean the Term Loan Facility and the Revolving Credit Facility. Fair Market Value shall mean, with respect to any asset (including any Equity Interests of any person), the price at which a willing buyer (that is not an Affiliate of the seller), and a willing seller who does not have to sell, would agree to purchase and sell such asset, as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Borrower or, pursuant to a specific delegation of authority by such Board of Directors or a designated senior executive officer, of the Borrower (or the Subsidiary of the Borrower selling such asset). FATCA shall mean sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the Closing Date (or any amended or successor version to the extent such version is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, and any intergovernmental agreements or agreements implementing the foregoing entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the Code. Federal Funds Effective Rate shall mean, for any day, the weighted average of the rates on overnight federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System of the United States arranged by federal funds brokers, as published on the next succeeding Business Day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or, if such rate is not so published for any day that is a Business Day, the average (rounded upwards, if necessary to the next 1/100th of 1 of the quotations for the day for such transactions received by the Administrative Agent from three federal funds brokers of recognized standing selected by it. 
 25 

Fees shall mean the Commitment Fees, the Administrative Agent Fees and the other fees referred to in Section 2.05(d) . Final Maturity Date shall mean the later of (i) the Revolving Maturity Date and (ii) the Term Loan Maturity Date. Financial Officer of any person shall mean any of the president, chief operating officer, chief financial officer, principal accounting officer, treasurer, or controller of such person. FIRREA shall mean the Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery and Enforcement Act of 1989, as amended. First Amendment shall mean that certain First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of January 27, 2022, by and among the Borrower, the Subsidiary Guarantors party thereto and the Administrative Agent. First Amendment Effective Date shall mean the date on which the conditions precedent set forth in Section 3 of the First Amendment are satisfied. First Lien Leverage Ratio shall mean, at any date of determination, the ratio of (a) the Consolidated First Lien Indebtedness outstanding on such date minus Unrestricted Cash and Cash Equivalents of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries that are Domestic Subsidiaries in favor of th e Collat e ral Agent in an aggregate amount not to exceed 35,000,000 to (b) Consolidated EBITDA for the Test Period then most recently ended. Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio shall mean, as of the last day of any specified Test Period, the ratio of: (a) (i) Consolidated EBITDA for the Test Period ending on such date, minus (ii) Capital Expenditures other than Capital Expenditures made in cash in such period that are financed with cash proceeds of (A) Delayed Draw Term Loans or (B) Equity Issuances (other than Permitted Cure Securities), plus (iii) the aggregate amount of Unrestricted Cash and Cash Equivalents in excess of 35,000,000 to (b) the sum of (i) Consolidated Interest Expense paid in cash for such period, plus (ii) scheduled amortization principal payments of Indebtedness that have been made or required to have been made during such period pursuant to this Agreement (including scheduled principal payments in respect of the Term Loans and scheduled reductions of the Revolving Commitments to the extent accompanied by a reduction in the amount of Revolving Exposure, but excluding any mandatory prepayments pursuant to Section 2.10(c) and Section , 2.10(e) , 2.10(f) and 2.10(g) of this Agreement), plus (iii) Taxes based on income paid in cash in such period, plus (iv) without duplication of the foregoing, payments made during such Test Period on account of principal of Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries. Floor shall mean 1.00 . Foreign Lender shall mean any Lender that is not a United States person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. Foreign Plan shall mean any employee pension benefit plan, fund, program, policy, arrangement, or agreement, or other similar program established, maintained or contributed to by any Company on behalf of (or for the benefit of) its employees, officers or directors employed, or otherwise engaged, outside the United States. Foreign Plan Event shall mean, with respect to any Foreign Plan, (i) the existence of unfunded liabilities in excess of the amount permitted under any applicable Legal Requirement, or in excess of the amount that would be permitted absent a waiver from a Governmental Authority, (ii) the failure to make the required contributions or payments, under any applicable Legal Requirement, on or before the due date for such contributions or payments, (iii) the receipt of a notice from a Governmental Authority relating to the intention to terminate such Foreign Plan or to appoint a trustee or similar official to administer such Foreign Plan, or alleging the insolvency of such Foreign Plan, or (iv) the incurrence of any liability by any Company under applicable Legal Requirements on account of the complete or partial termination of such Foreign Plan or the complete or partial withdrawal of any participating employer therein. 
 26 

Foreign Subsidiary shall mean a Subsidiary that is not a Domestic Subsidiary. Funding Default shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.16(c) . GAAP shall mean generally accepted accounting principles in the United States applied on a consistent basis. Governmental Authority shall mean any federal, state, local or foreign (whether civil, administrative, criminal, military or otherwise) court, central bank or governmental agency, tribunal, authority, instrumentality or regulatory body or any subdivision thereof or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers of or pertaining to government (including any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank). Granting Lender shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 11.04(i) . Guaranteed Obligations shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 7.01 . Guarantees shall mean the guarantees issued pursuant to Article VII by each of the Guarantors. Guarantors shall mean the Subsidiary Guarantors and, with respect to Hedging Obligations and Bank Product Obligations, the Borrower. Hazardous Materials shall mean any substances, chemicals, or wastes that are listed, regulated, or otherwise defined as hazardous, toxic, radioactive, a pollutant or a contaminant (or words of similar regulatory intent or meaning), under any Environmental Laws, or which could give rise to liability under any Environmental Law, including but not limited to, polychlorinated biphenyls PCBs or any substance or compound containing PCBs, asbestos or any asbestos-containing materials in any form or condition, lead-based paint, pesticides, radon or any other radioactive materials including any source, special nuclear or by-product material, petroleum, petroleum by-products, crude oil or any fraction thereof, toxic mold, or per- or polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS). Hedging Agreement shall mean (a) any and all rate swap transactions, basis swaps, credit derivative transactions, forward rate transactions, commodity swaps, commodity options, forward commodity contracts, equity or equity index swaps or options, bond or bond price or bond index swaps or options or forward bond or forward bond price or forward bond index transactions, interest rate options, forward foreign exchange transactions, currency swap transactions, cross-currency rate swap transactions, currency options, cap transactions, floor transactions, collar transactions, spot contracts, or any other similar transactions or any combination of any of the foregoing (including any options or warrants to enter into any of the foregoing), whether or not any such transaction is governed by, or otherwise subject to, any master agreement or any netting agreement, and (b) any and all transactions or arrangements of any kind, and the related confirmations, which are subject to the terms and conditions of, or governed by, any form of master agreement (or similar documentation) published from time to time by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., any International Foreign Exchange Master Agreement, or any other master agreement (any such agreement or documentation, together with any related schedules, a Master Agreement ), including any such obligations or liabilities under any Master Agreement. Hedging Obligations shall mean obligations under or with respect to Hedging Agreements. Historical Financial Statements shall mean (a) the audited consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and certain of its Affiliates (as specified therein) as at the end of the fiscal years ended September 30, 2020, 2019 and 2018, (b) the unaudited consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and certain of its Affiliates (as specified therein) as at the end of the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2021, (c) the unaudited consolidated balance sheet of Envigo and certain of its Affiliates (as specified therein) as of the dates specified therein and, in each case, the related consolidated statements of income or operations, changes in stockholders equity and cash flows for such fiscal periods, including the notes 
 27 

thereto. Immaterial Subsidiary shall mean, as of any date, any Subsidiary (x) whose total assets, in the aggregate with the total assets of all other Subsidiaries constituting Immaterial Subsidiaries, in each case, as measured as of the last day of the fiscal quarter of the Borrower most recently ended for which financial statements have been delivered, equal or are less than 2.5 of Consolidated Total Assets, (y) whose total revenue in the aggregate with the total revenue of all other Subsidiaries constituting Immaterial Subsidiaries, in each case, as measured as of the last day of the fiscal quarter of the Borrower most recently ended for which financial statements have been delivered, equal or are less than 2.5 of consolidated total revenues of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries and (z) whose Consolidated EBITDA, in the aggregate with Consolidated EBITDA of all other Subsidiaries constituting Immaterial Subsidiaries, in each case, as measured as of the last day of the fiscal quarter of the Borrower most recently ended for which financial statements have been delivered, equal or are less than 2.5 of Consolidated EBITDA; provided that a Subsidiary will not be considered to be an Immaterial Subsidiary if it directly or indirectly, guarantees or otherwise provides direct credit support for any Indebtedness of any Loan Party, or if it owns any Intellectual Property that is material to the business of the Borrower or any other Subsidiary. Increased Amount Date shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.19(a) . Increasing Lenders shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.19(b) . Incremental Excess Yield shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.19(a) . Incremental Facility shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.19(a) . Incremental Loan Amendment shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.19(c) . Indebtedness of any person shall mean, without duplication, (a) all obligations of such person for borrowed money or advances (including unreimbursed amounts outstanding under letters of credit and any Convertible Indebtedness); (b) all obligations of such person evidenced by loan agreements, bonds, debentures, notes or similar instruments; (c) all obligations of such person under conditional sale or other title retention agreements relating to Property purchased by such person (even though the rights and remedies of the seller or lender under such agreement in the event of default are limited to repossession or sale of such Property); (d) all obligations of such person issued or assumed as part of the deferred purchase price of Property or services (excluding (w) trade accounts payable and accrued obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business on normal trade terms, (x) deferred rent obligations, (y) customary obligations under employment arrangements and (z) purchase price adjustments or Earn-Outs that have not yet become liabilities on the balance sheet of such person in accordance with GAAP); (e) all Indebtedness of others secured by any Lien on Property owned or acquired by such person, whether or not the obligations secured thereby have been assumed, but limited to the lower of (i) the Fair Market Value of such Property and (ii) the amount of the Indebtedness secured; (f) all Capital Lease Obligations, Purchase Money Obligations and Off-Balance Sheet Obligations of such person; (g) the amount of all obligations of such person with respect to the redemption, repayment or other repurchase of Disqualified Stock; (h) all Hedging Obligations to the extent required to be reflected on a balance sheet of such person; (i) all obligations of such person for the reimbursement of any obligor in respect of letters of credit (but only to the extent of drawn but unreimbursed amounts thereunder), letters of guaranty, bankers acceptances and similar credit transactions; and (j) all Contingent Obligations of such person in respect of Indebtedness or obligations of others of the kinds referred to in clauses (a) through (i) above. The Indebtedness of any person shall include the Indebtedness of any other entity (including any partnership in which such person is a general partner) to the extent such person is liable therefor as a result of such person s ownership interest in or other relationship with such entity, except (other than in the case of general partner liability) to the extent that terms of such Indebtedness expressly provide that such person is not liable therefor; provided that Indebtedness shall not include accrued expenses, deferred revenue, deferred rent, deferred taxes and deferred compensation and customary obligations under employment arrangements. Indemnified Taxes shall mean (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any 
 28 

payment made by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in (a), Other Taxes. Indemnitee shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 11.03(b) . Information shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 11.12 . Initial Term Lender shall mean any Lender with an Initial Term Loan Commitment or holding Initial Term Loans. Initial Term Loan Commitment shall mean, with respect to each Initial Term Lender, the commitment of such Initial Term Lender to make Initial Term Loans. The aggregate amount of the Initial Term Loan Commitments on the Closing Date is 165,000,000. Initial Term Loans shall mean the term loans made by the Initial Term Lenders to the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.01(a) and shall include, for the avoidance of doubt, any PIK Amounts . Insolvency Law shall mean the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, and all other insolvency, bankruptcy, receivership, liquidation, conservatorship, assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, reorganization, or similar Legal Requirements of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect and affecting the rights of creditors generally. Insurance Policies shall mean the insurance policies and coverages required to be maintained by each Loan Party that is an owner or lessee of Mortgaged Property with respect to the applicable Mortgaged Property pursuant to Section 5.04 and all renewals and extensions thereof. Insurance Requirements shall mean, collectively, all material provisions of the Insurance Policies, all material requirements of the issuer of any of the Insurance Policies and all material Orders, rules, regulations and any other requirements of the National Board of Fire Underwriters (or any other body exercising similar functions) binding upon any Loan Party that is an owner of Mortgaged Property and applicable to the Mortgaged Property or any use or condition thereof. Intellectual Property shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.06(a) . Interest Election Request shall mean a request by Borrower to convert or continue a Revolving Borrowing, Term Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.08(b), substantially in the form of Exhibit D . Interest Payment Date shall mean (a) with respect to any ABR Loan, the last Business Day of each fiscal quarter to occur during any period in which such Loan is outstanding, (b) with respect to any Term SOFR Loan, the last day of the Interest Period applicable to the Borrowing of which such Loan is a part and, in the case ofa Term SOFR Loan with an Interest Period of more than three months duration, each day that would have been an Interest Payment Date had successive Interest Periods of three months duration been applicable to such Borrowing, (c) with respect to any Revolving Loan, the Revolving Maturity Date or such earlier date on which the Revolving Commitments are terminated and (d) with respect to any Term Loan, the applicable Term Loan Maturity Date. Interest Period shall mean, with respect to any SOFR Borrowing, the period commencing on the date of such Borrowing and ending on the numerically corresponding day in the calendar month that is one, three or six months thereafter, as the Borrower may elect; provided that (a) if any Interest Period would end on a day other than a Business Day, such Interest Period shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless such next succeeding Business Day would fall in the next calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day and (b) any Interest Period that commences on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the last calendar month of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the last calendar month of such Interest Period. For purposes hereof, the date ofa Borrowing initially shall be the date on which such Borrowing is made and thereafter shall be the effective date of the most recent 
 29 

conversion or continuation of such Borrowing. Internally Generated Funds shall mean funds not constituting the proceeds of any Indebtedness, Debt Issuance, Equity Issuance, Asset Sale or Casualty Event (in each case, without regard to the exclusions from the definitions thereof). Investments shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.04 . Joinder Agreement shall mean a joinder agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit 3 to the Security Agreement. Judgment Currency shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 11.18 . Judgment Currency Conversion Date shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 11.18 . Junior Indebtedness shall mean any Indebtedness of any Company that is (x) secured by a Lien that is junior in priority to the Lien securing the Obligations, (y) by its terms subordinated in right of payment to all or any portion of the Obligations or (z) unsecured. LCA Election shall mean the Borrower s election to treat a specified acquisition as a Limited Condition Acquisition. Leases shall mean any and all leases, subleases, tenancies, options, concession agreements, rental agreements, occupancy agreements, franchise agreements, access agreements and any other agreements (including all amendments, extensions, replacements, renewals, modifications and/or guarantees thereof), whether or not of record and whether now in existence or hereafter entered into, affecting the use or occupancy of all or any portion of any Real Property. Legal Requirements shall mean, as to any person, the Organizational Documents of such person, and any treaty, law (including the common law), statute, ordinance, code, rule, regulation, license, permit, guidelines, decrees, requirement, Order or determination of an arbitrator or a court or other Governmental Authority, or other legally binding requirements, in each case would reasonably be interpreted to be applicable to or binding upon such person or any of its Property or to which such person or any of its Property would reasonably be interpreted to be subject. Lender Presentation shall mean that certain lender presentation furnished to the initial Lenders in connection with the syndication of the Facilities on or around the August 2021. Lenders shall mean (a) each financial institution and other persons party hereto as Lenders on the date hereof, (b) each Additional Lender and (c) each financial institution or other person that becomes a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption (including pursuant to Section 2.19 and Section 2.20 ), other than, in each case, any such financial institution or person that has ceased to be a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption. Lien shall mean, with respect to any Property, (a) any mortgage, deed of trust, lien (statutory or otherwise), pledge, encumbrance, claim, charge, assignment, hypothecation, security interest or encumbrance of any kind, including any easement, right-of-way or other encumbrance on title to Real Property, in each of the foregoing cases whether voluntary or imposed by law, (b) the interest of a vendor or a lessor under any conditional sale agreement, capital lease or title retention agreement (or any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing) relating to such Property, and (c) in the case of securities, any purchase option, call or similar right ofa third party with respect to such securities; provided, that in no event shall an operating lease be deemed to constitute a Lien. Limited Condition Acquisition shall mean any acquisition or investment permitted hereunder by any Borrower or one or more of its Subsidiaries whose consummation is not conditioned on the availability of, or on 
 30 

obtaining, third party financing; provided that solely for the purpose of (i) measuring the relevant ratios and baskets with respect to the incurrence of any Indebtedness (including any Incremental Facilities) or Liens or the making of any acquisitions or other Investments, Dividends, Restricted Debt Payments, Asset Sales or other sales or dispositions of assets or fundamental changes or (ii) determining compliance with representations and warranties or the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default, in each case, in connection with a Limited Condition Acquisition after giving effect thereto, if the Borrower has made an LCA Election with respect to such Limited Condition Acquisition, the date of determination of whether any such action is permitted hereunder shall be deemed to be the date the definitive agreements for such Limited Condition Acquisition are entered into (the LCA Test Date ), and, if after giving pro forma effect to the Limited Condition Acquisition and the other transactions to be entered into in connection therewith as if they had occurred at the beginning of the most recent Test Period ending prior to the LCA Test Date, the Borrower could have taken such action on the relevant LCA Test Date in compliance with such ratio, basket, representation or warranty, such ratio, basket, representation or warranty shall be deemed to have been complied with. If the Borrower has made an LCA Election for any Limited Condition Acquisition, then in connection with any subsequent calculation of any ratio or basket on or following the relevant LCA Test Date and prior to the earliest to occur of (i) the date on which such Limited Condition Acquisition is consummated, (ii) the date that the definitive agreement for such Limited Condition Acquisition is terminated or expires without consummation of such Limited Condition Acquisition or (iii) the date that is 120 days after the relevant LCA Test Date, any such ratio or basket shall be calculated (A) on a Pro Forma Basis assuming such Limited Condition Acquisition and other transactions in connection therewith (including any incurrence of Indebtedness and the use of proceeds thereof) have been consummated until such time as the applicable Limited Condition Acquisition has actually closed, the acquisition agreement with respect thereto has been terminated or such 120-day period has expired and (B) on a standalone basis without giving effect to such Limited Condition Acquisition and the other transactions in connection therewith. Loan or Loans shall mean, as the context may require, a any Revolving Loan, Initial Term Loan, Extended Term Loan, New Term Loan or a - Delayed Draw Term Loan and, in each case, including any PIK Amounts . Loan Documents shall mean this Agreement, the First Amendment, the Second Amendment, the Third Amendment, the Notes (if any), the Security Documents and each Joinder Agreement, but excluding any Hedging Agreement. Any reference in this Agreement or any other Loan Document to a Loan Document shall include all appendices, exhibits or schedules thereto, and all amendments, restatements, supplements or other modifications thereto, and shall refer to this Agreement or such Loan Document as the same may be in effect at any and all times such reference becomes operative. Loan Parties shall mean the Borrower and the Subsidiary Guarantors. Main Street Credit Agreement shall mean that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of November 4, 2020, by and among Envigo, the guarantors party thereto and Harbor Bankshares Asset Management, LLC, as lender. Margin Stock shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Regulation U. Material Adverse Effect shall mean, any event, change or condition that, individually or in the aggregate, has had, or could reasonably be expected to have (a) a material adverse effect on the business, operations or financial condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (b) a material and adverse effect on the rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents (other than solely due to the extent of the action or inaction of the Administrative Agent, or any of the Lenders), or (c) a material and adverse effect on the ability of the Borrower and Guarantors to perform their payment obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents . ; provided that, until the Initial End Date of the Amendment Relief Period, any effect on the business, operations or financial condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries directly resulting from the impact of the matters occurring prior to the Second Amendment Effective Date and described in the Section 5.02(c) Notice dated December 14, 2022, delivered by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 5.02 (c), shall be deemed not to constitute a Material Adverse Effect under clause (a) of the definition hereof; it being understood and agreed that any updates, developments or events occurring after the Second Amendment Effective Date relating to such matters (or prior to the Second Amendment Effective Date but not disclosed to 
 31 

the Lenders on or prior to such date in writing) that, individually or in the aggregate, has had, or could reasonably be expected to have, a material adverse effect on the business, operations or financial condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, shall constitute a Material Adverse Effect. Material Foreign Subsidiary shall mean, as of any date, any Foreign Subsidiary of the Borrower that is not an Immaterial Subsidiary. Maximum Incremental Facilities Amount shall mean the sum of the following: (a) (i > 35,000,000, plus (b) (ii) an unlimited additional amount of New Term Loans and New Revolving Commitments so long as, on a Pro Forma Basis, the First Lien Leverage Ratio shall not exceed 3.25:1.00; provided that (x) for purposes of determining compliance with the foregoing First Lien Leverage Ratio, any New Revolving Commitments and any incremental facilities in the form of delayed draw term loans shall be deemed to be drawn in full, all New Term Loans and the cash proceeds of any New Term Loans and New Revolving Commitments (assuming the full amount thereof is drawn) shall be excluded for cash netting purposes and (y) to the extent the proceeds of any New Term Loans are intended to be applied to finance a Limited Condition Acquisition, the First Lien Leverage Ratio shall be tested in accordance with the last sentence of the definition of Limited Condition Acquisition . ; provided that, from and after the Third Amendment Effective Date, the Maximum Incremental Facilities Amount shall equal 0. Maximum Rate shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 11.13 . Merger shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble. Merger Agreement shall mean that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger, made and entered into as of September 21, 2021, by and among, inter alios , Merger Sub, LLC, Merger Sub, the Borrower and Envigo, together with the schedules and exhibits thereto. Minimum Extension Condition shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.20(b) . Moody s shall mean Moody s Investors Service, Inc. and any successor thereto. Mortgage shall mean an agreement, including a mortgage, deed of trust or any other document, creating and evidencing a first priority Lien in favor of the Collateral Agent on Mortgaged Property in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent (including with respect to requirements for title, flood and other insurance and surveys), with such schedules and including such provisions as shall be necessary to conform such document to applicable local or foreign law or as shall be customary under applicable local or foreign Legal Requirements. Mortgaged Property shall mean each Real Property that is (or shall be) subject to a Mortgage delivered on the Closing Date or after the Closing Date pursuant to Section 4.01(o), Section 5.18 or Section 5.10(d) . Multiemployer Plan shall mean a multiemployer plan within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA to which any Company or any ERISA Affiliate has an obligation to contribute or with respect to which any Company or ERISA Affiliate has incurred any undischarged liability or could reasonably be expected to incur any liability (whether contingent or otherwise). Net Cash Proceeds shall mean: (a) with respect to any Asset Sale (other than any issuance or sale of Equity Interests), the proceeds thereof in the form of cash, cash equivalents (including Cash Equivalents) and marketable securities (including any such proceeds received by way of deferred payment of principal pursuant to a note or installment receivable or purchase price adjustment receivable, or by the sale, transfer or other Disposition of any non-cash consideration received in 
 32 

connection therewith or otherwise, but only as and when received) received by any Company (including cash proceeds subsequently received (as and when received by any Company) in respect of non-cash consideration initially received) net of, without duplication, (i) selling fees and expenses (including brokers fees or commissions, legal, accounting and other professional and transactional fees, transfer and similar taxes and the Borrower s good faith estimate of income taxes paid or payable in connection with such sale and in connection with any repatriation of such proceeds (after taking into account any available tax credits or deductions and any tax sharing arrangements)), (ii) amounts provided as a reserve, in accordance with GAAP, against (x) any liabilities under any indemnification obligations, earn-out obligations or purchase price adjustments associated with such Asset Sale or (y) any other liabilities retained or payable by any Company associated with the Properties sold in such Asset Sale provided that, to the extent and at the time any such amounts are released from such reserve, such amounts shall constitute Net Cash Proceeds), (iii) if applicable, the principal amount of any Indebtedness secured by a Permitted Lien on the assets subject to such Asset Sale (other than Indebtedness secured under the Security Documents or otherwise subject to an intercreditor agreement pursuant to this Agreement) that has been repaid or refinanced in accordance with its terms with the proceeds of such Asset Sale or Casualty Event and (iv) the Borrower s good faith estimate of the amount of payments required to be made with respect to unassumed liabilities relating to the properties sold within thirty (30) days of such Asset Sale provided that (x) the funds described in this clause (iv) are deposited into escrow with a third party escrow agent or set aside in a separate deposit account that is subject to a control agreement Control Agreement entered into with the Collateral Agent and (y) to the extent such cash proceeds are not used to make payments in respect of such unassumed liabilities within the earlier of thirty (30) days after such Asset Sale or at such time when such amounts are no longer required to be set aside as such a reserve, such reserved amounts shall constitute Net Cash Proceeds); (b) with respect to any Debt Issuance or any issuance or sale of Equity Interests by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that is not an Equity Issuance, the cash proceeds thereof received by, or on behalf of, any Company, net of fees, commissions, costs and other expenses incurred in connection therewith; and (c) with respect to any Casualty Event, the cash insurance proceeds, condemnation awards and other compensation received by, or on behalf of, any Company in respect thereof, net of all costs and expenses incurred in connection with the collection of such proceeds, awards or other compensation in respect of such Casualty Event (including, in respect of any such Casualty Event, transfer and similar taxes and the Borrower s good faith estimate of income taxes paid or payable in connection with such sale (after taking into account any available tax credits or deductions and any tax sharing arrangements) provided that, to the extent and at the time that any such taxes are no longer required to be paid or payable, such amounts shall then constitute Net Cash Proceeds)). Net Working Capital shall mean, at any time, Consolidated Current Assets at such time minus Consolidated Current Liabilities at such time. New Lender shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.19(b) . New Revolving Commitments shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.19(a) . New Term Loan Commitments shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.19(a) . New Term Loans shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.19(a) . Non-Guarantor Subsidiary shall mean any Subsidiary of the Borrower that is not a Subsidiary Guarantor. Non-Public Information shall mean material non-public information (within the meaning of United States federal, state or other applicable securities laws) with respect to the Borrower or its Subsidiaries or their respective securities. Notes shall mean any notes evidencing the Term Loans, Delayed Draw Term Loans or Revolving Loans, in each case issued pursuant to Section 2.04(e) of this Agreement, if any, substantially in the form of Exhibit E-1, E-2 or E-3 respectively. 
 33 

Obligations shall mean (a) all obligations and guarantees thereof of the Borrower and the other Loan Parties from time to time arising under or in respect of the due and punctual payment of (i) the principal of and premium, if any, and interest (including any PIK Interest and any interest accruing during the pendency of any bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or other similar proceeding, regardless of whether allowed or allowable in such proceeding) on the Loans, when and as due, whether at maturity, by acceleration, upon one or more dates set for prepayment or otherwise and (ii) all other monetary obligations, including fees , (including the Third Amendment Term Loan Effective Date PIK Fee, the Third Amendment Term Loan Deferred Fee and the Third Amendment RCF Deferred Fee), costs, expenses and indemnities, whether primary, secondary, direct, contingent, fixed or otherwise (including monetary obligations incurred during the pendency of any bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or other similar proceeding, regardless of whether allowed or allowable in such proceeding), of the Borrower and the other Loan Parties under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and (b) the due and punctual performance of all covenants, agreements, obligations and liabilities of the Borrower and the other Loan Parties under or pursuant to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, in each case, whether direct or indirect (including those acquired by assumption), absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising. (d) AC shall mean the Office of Foreign Asset Control of the Department of Treasury of the United States of America. Off-Balance Sheet Obligations of a person shall mean, without duplication, (a) any repurchase obligation or liability of such person with respect to accounts or notes receivable sold by such person, (b) any Synthetic Lease Obligations of such person, or (c) any indebtedness, liability or obligation arising with respect to any other transaction which is the functional equivalent of or takes the place of borrowing but which does not constitute a liability on the balance sheets of such person (other than operating leases). Offer Process shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 11.04(c)(ii) . Officers Certificate shall mean a certificate executed by (a) the chairman of the Board of Directors (if an officer), the chief executive officer, the president or the chief operating officer or (b) one of the Financial Officers, each in his or her official (and not individual) capacity. Order shall mean any judgment, decree, verdict, order, consent order, consent decree, writ, declaration or injunction. Organizational Documents shall mean, collectively, with respect to any person, (a) in the case of any corporation, the certificate of incorporation and by-laws (or similar constitutive documents) of such person, (b) in the case of any limited liability company, the certificate of formation and operating agreement (or similar constitutive documents) of such person, (c) in the case of any limited partnership, the certificate of formation and limited partnership agreement (or similar constitutive documents) of such person, (d) in the case of any general partnership, the partnership agreement (or similar constitutive document) of such person, (e) in any other case, the functional equivalent of the foregoing, and (f) any shareholder, voting trust or similar agreement between or among any holders of Equity Interests of such person. Other Connection Taxes shall mean, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Loan Document). Other Taxes shall mean any and all present or future stamp, court, intangible, recording, property, filing or documentary Taxes or any similar Taxes, charges or levies arising from any payment made or required to be made under any Loan Document or from the execution, delivery, performance, registration or enforcement of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document. Partial Third Amendment RCF Deferred Fee Amount shall mean, with respect to any permanent 
 34 

reduction or termination in part of the Revolving Commitments (including any automatic acceleration or termination as a result of any Event of Default) of the Consenting Revolving Lenders on any date of determination, the amount equal to (a) the Total Third Amendment RCF Deferred Fee Amount multiplied by (b) a percentage, determined by dividing (i) the aggregate amount of the Revolving Commitments of the Consenting Revolving Lenders so reduced or terminated (including any automatic acceleration or termination as a result of any Event of Default) on such date by (ii) the aggregate amount of the Revolving Commitments held by the Consenting Revolving Lenders immediately prior to the effectiveness of the Third Amendment on the Third Amendment Effective Date. Partial Third Amendment Term Loan Deferred Fee Amount shall mean, with respect to any prepayment or repayment in part of the Term Loans of the Consenting Term Lenders on any date of determination, the amount equal to (a) the Total Third Amendment Term Loan Deferred Fee Amount multiplied by (b) a percentage, determined by dividing (i) the aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans of the Consenting Term Lenders so prepaid or repaid on such date by (ii) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Term Loans held by the Consenting Term Lenders immediately prior to the effectiveness of the Third Amendment on the Third Amendment Effective Date. Participant shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 11.04(f) . Participant Register shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 11.04(f) . Patriot Act shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.21(a) . Payment Recipient shall have the meaning assigned to it in Section 10.14(a) . PBGC shall mean the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation referred to and defined in ERISA. Pension Plan shall mean any employee pension benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA) (other than a Multiemployer Plan and other than a Foreign Plan) subject to the provisions of Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 or 430 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA (a) which is maintained, sponsored, contributed to or required to be contributed to by any Company or any ERISA Affiliate or (b) with respect to which any Company or ERISA Affiliate has incurred any undischarged liability or could reasonably be expected to incur any liability (whether contingent or otherwise) including under Section 4062 or Section 4069 of ERISA. Perfection Certificate shall mean a perfection certificate in the form of Exhibit F-1 or any other form approved by the Collateral Agent, as the same shall be supplemented from time to time by a Perfection Certificate Supplement or otherwise. Perfection Certificate Supplement shall mean a perfection certificate supplement in the form of Exhibit F-2 or any other form approved by the Collateral Agent. Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day has the meaning specified in the definition of Term SOFR. Permitted Acquisition shall mean any consensual transaction or series of related transactions for the direct or indirect (a) acquisition of all or substantially all of the Property of any person, or all or substantially all of any business or division of any person, (b) acquisition of all or substantially all of the Equity Interests of any person, and otherwise causing such person to become a Subsidiary of such person, if each of the following conditions is met, or (c) merger or consolidation or any other combination with any person if the Required Lenders have otherwise consented in writing thereto; in the case of clauses (a) through (c), so long as each of the following conditions are satisfied: (i) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing immediately prior to an after giving effect to the consummation of such acquisition (or in the case of a Limited Condition Acquisition, no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing at the time the definitive agreement for such 
 35 

acquisition is executed); (ii) the persons or business to be acquired shall be, or shall be engaged in, a business of the type that the Borrower and its Subsidiaries are then permitted to be engaged in under Section 6.11 ; (iii) to the extent that any Specified Acquired Property is to be acquired (or is acquired) pursuant to such proposed transaction or series of related proposed transactions, the Acquisition Consideration paid (or payable) with respect to such Specified Acquired Property shall not exceed, together with the amount of Acquisition Consideration paid (or payable) for any other Specified Acquired Property acquired pursuant to a Permitted Acquisition after the Closing Date, 20,000,000 in the aggregate; (iv) (a) in the case of an acquisition of all or substantially all of the Property of any person or all or substantially all of any business or division of any person (other than, in either case, Specified Acquired Property), the person making such acquisition is Borrower or a Subsidiary Guarantor, or upon consummation of the Permitted Acquisition becomes a Subsidiary Guarantor pursuant to the requirements of and only to the extent required by Section 5.10, (b) in the case of an acquisition of the Equity Interests of any person (other than Specified Acquired Property), both the person making such acquisition and the person directly so acquired is Borrower or a Subsidiary Guarantor, or upon consummation of the Permitted Acquisition becomes a Subsidiary Guarantor pursuant to the requirements of and only to the extent required by Section 5.10 and (c) in the case of a merger or consolidation or any other combination with any person (other than Specified Acquired Property), the person surviving such merger, consolidation or other combination is Borrower or a Subsidiary Guarantor, or upon consummation of the Permitted Acquisition becomes a Subsidiary Guarantor pursuant to the requirements of and only to the extent required by Section 5.10 ; (v) if the Acquisition Consideration for such acquisition is greater than 10,000,000, Administrative Agent shall have received a copy of any quality of earnings report prepared in respect of any such transaction; (vi) after giving effect to such Permitted Acquisition, the Borrower or the applicable Subsidiary shall be in compliance on a Pro Forma Basis with the financial covenants set forth in Section 6.15 applicable for the four (4) consecutive fiscal quarters of the Borrower ended on, or most recently preceding, the date of such Permitted Acquisition for which financial statements have been (or were required to have been) delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or (b); provided, that, with respect to any Limited Condition Acquisition, the Borrower or the applicable Subsidiary shall be, as of the date of the execution and delivery of the applicable definitive purchase agreement in connection with such Limited Condition Acquisition, in compliance on a Pro Forma Basis with the financial covenants applicable for the four (4) consecutive fiscal quarters of the Borrower ended on, or most recently preceding, such date for which financial statements have been (or were required to have been) delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or (b) ; and (vii) within seven (7) Business Days after the consummation of the transaction or first of the series of related transactions, the Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent for distribution to the Lenders an Officer s Certificate (A) certifying that such transaction or series of related transactions complies with all provisions of this definition (which shall have attached thereto reasonably detailed backup data and calculations showing such compliance) and (B) identifying all Persons acquired in connection therewith and whether each such Person will be a Loan Party or a non-Loan Party following its acquisition, and, ifa non-Loan Party, the basis on which the Borrower has determined that such Person is an Excluded Subsidiary or otherwise not required to become a Subsidiary Guarantor pursuant to the Guarantee (including, if applicable, reasonably detailed backup data and calculations with respect to any necessary calculations for such determination (e.g., for any determination that a Person constitutes an Immaterial Subsidiary, calculation of total assets, Consolidated Total Assets, total revenue and Consolidated EBITDA in accordance with the definition of Immaterial Subsidiary provided , that if the transaction or series of related transactions constitutes a Limited Condition Acquisition, the requirement under this clause (vii) shall be bifurcated and the 
 36 

Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent for distribution to the Lenders within seven (7) Business Days after the definitive agreement for such acquisition being executed, an Officer s Certificate certifying that such transaction or series of related transactions complies with clauses (i) and (vi) of this definition (which shall have attached thereto reasonably detailed backup data and calculations showing such compliance) . ; provided that, during the Amendment Relief Period, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries shall not be permitted to, and shall not, make any Permitted Acquisitions. Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction shall mean any call or capped call option (or substantively equivalent derivative transaction) on the Borrower s common stock purchased by the Borrower in connection with the issuance of any Permitted Convertible Indebtedness; provided that the purchase price for such Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction, less the proceeds received by the Borrower from the sale of any related Permitted Warrant Transaction, does not exceed the net proceeds received by the Borrower from the sale of such Permitted Convertible Indebtedness issued in connection with the Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction. Permitted Convertible Indebtedness shall mean unsecured Convertible Indebtedness that satisfies each the following conditions: (i) such Indebtedness shall not, until 180 days or more after the Term Loan Maturity Date, (x) require any amortization or other scheduled cash repayment (other than cash interest payments and payments of cash in lieu of any fraction shares upon conversion, and cash payments in connection with a fundamental change (defined as is typical for public company Convertible Indebtedness) (all of which, shall, for the avoidance of doubt, be subject to the covenants and limitations contained in the Loan Documents, including, without limitation, Section 6.07 and Section 6.09) ; and (y) have any put rights, redemption, repayment or other conditions that cause payment that are not customary redemption or repayment events for public company Convertible Indebtedness (provided that any put rights, redemption, repayment or other conditions that cause payment shall, for the avoidance of doubt, be subject to the covenants and limitations contained in the Loan Documents, including, without limitation, Section 6.07 and Section 6.09 ); (ii) other than provided in (i)(x) above, such Indebtedness shall not require any cash payments until at least 180 days after the Term Loan Maturity Date; provided, that any such cash payments, shall, for the avoidance of doubt, be subject to the covenants and limitations contained in the Loan Documents); (iii) such Indebtedness shall have no (x) events of default other than those that are typical for public company Convertible Indebtedness; provided that any events of defaults of the type set forth in the Loan Documents shall be set back with at least a 25 cushion relative to such event of default under the Loan Documents; provided , further , that in no event shall any events of default in such Indebtedness be more burdensome for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, than those events of default set forth in the Loan Documents; provided, however, that such Convertible Indebtedness shall only cross-accelerate and shall not cross-default to the Loan Documents, (y) financial covenants or (z) other covenants other than covenants customary for public company Convertible Indebtedness; provided that any covenants of the type set forth in the Loan Documents shall be set back with at least a 25 cushion relative to such covenants under the Loan Documents; provided, further, that in no event shall the covenants in such Indebtedness be more burdensome for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, than those covenants set forth in the Loan Documents; (iv) the interest payable on account of such Indebtedness shall not exceed 4.25 per annum, (v) the maturity date of such Indebtedness shall be at least 180 days after the Term Loan Maturity Date and (vi) such Indebtedness shall be issued by the Borrower and only guaranteed by BAS Evansville Inc . and no other Subsidiary. Permitted Cure Securities shall mean Equity Interests of the Borrower issued (in the form of common equity and/or other Qualified Stock) to the extent (and only to the extent) necessary to fund the Cure Right, as the same is immediately contributed as cash common equity to the Borrower. Permitted Liens shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.02 . Permitted Refinancing shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.01(k) . Permitted Warrant Transaction shall mean any call option, warrant or right to purchase (or substantively equivalent derivative transaction) on the Borrower s common stock sold by the Borrower substantially concurrently 
 37 

with any purchase by the Borrower of a related Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction. Person shall mean any natural person, corporation, business trust, joint venture, association, company, company (whether limited in liability or otherwise), partnership (whether limited in liability or otherwise) or Governmental Authority, or any other entity, in any case, whether acting in a personal, fiduciary or other capacity. PIK Amounts shall mean, collectively, the Third Amendment Term Loan Effective Date PIK Fee and any PIK Interest, in each case, as applicable, that have been capitalized and added to the principal amount of the Term Loans pursuant to, and in accordance with, Section 3(a) of the Third Amendment and Section 2.06(f). PIK Interest shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.06(f). PIK Rate shall mean, with respect to any Term Loan, a portion of the Applicable Margin equal to 0.25 per annum. Platform shall mean IntraLinks, SyndTrak or a substantially similar electronic transmission system. Pledgor shall mean each Company listed on Schedule 1.01(a), and each other Subsidiary of any Company that is or becomes a party to this Agreement (in its capacity as a Subsidiary Guarantor) and the Security Documents pursuant to Section 5.10 . Premises shall have the meaning assigned thereto in the applicable Mortgage. Pro Forma Basis shall mean, with respect to compliance with any test or covenant hereunder (excluding Section 2.10(e) ), that all Subject Transactions (including, to the extent applicable, the Transactions, but excluding any investments, acquisitions and dispositions in the ordinary course of business), restructuring or other cost saving actions and the following transactions in connection therewith (if any) shall be deemed to have occurred as of the first day of the applicable period of measurement in such test or covenant and all definitions (including Consolidated EBITDA) used for purposes of the financial covenants or tests hereunder (excluding Section 2.10(e)) shall be determined subject to pro forma adjustments which are attributable to such event or events, which may include the amount of run rate cost savings, operating expense reductions and cost synergies projected by the Borrower in good faith to result from or relating to any Subject Transaction which is being given pro forma effect that have been realized or are expected to be realized and for which the actions necessary to realize such cost savings, operating expense reductions and cost synergies are taken or with respect to which substantial steps have been taken or are reasonably expected to be taken for realizing such cost savings and such cost savings are reasonably identifiable and factually supportable (in the good faith determination of the Borrower and certified by a Financial Officer of the Borrower) (calculated on a pro forma basis as though such cost savings, operating expense reductions, other operating improvements and initiatives and synergies had been realized on the first day of such period and run rate means the full recurring benefit for a period that is associated with any action taken, committed to be taken or with respect to which substantial steps have been taken or are reasonably expected to be taken for realizing such cost savings and such cost savings are reasonably identifiable and factually supportable (including any savings expected to result from the elimination of a public target s compliance costs with public company requirements) net of the amount of actual benefits realized during such period from such actions, and any such adjustments shall be included (without duplication of any amounts that are otherwise added back in computing Consolidated EBITDA or any other components thereof) in the initial pro forma calculations of such financial ratios or tests and during any subsequent period in which the effects thereof are expected to be realized)) relating to such Subject Transaction, restructuring or other cost saving actions; provided that such amounts are (A) certified by the Borrower as having been determined in good faith to be reasonably anticipated to be realized from actions taken or with respect to which substantial steps have been taken within eighteen (18) months following such Subject Transaction, restructuring or other cost saving actions or (B) determined on a basis consistent with Article 11 of Regulation S-X promulgated under the Exchange Act and as interpreted by the staff of the Securities And Exchange Commission (or any successor agency); provided , further , that, the aggregate amount pursuant to clause (A) of the preceding proviso or and clause (e) in of the definition of Consolidated EBITDA in any period of four consecutive fiscal quarters , together with the aggregate amount of extraordinary or nonrecurring losses and 
 38 

expenses excluded from Consolidated Net Income pursuant to clause (h) of the definition thereof for such period, shall not exceed 25 of Consolidated EBITDA prior to giving effect to such pro forma add-backs and adjustments for such period. Pro Rata Percentage of any (a) Revolving Lender at any time shall mean the percentage of the total Revolving Commitments of all Revolving Lenders represented by such Lender s Revolving Commitment, (b) Initial Term Lender at any time shall mean the percentage of the total Initial Term Loan Commitments of all Initial Term Lenders represented by such Lender s Initial Term Loan Commitment or (c) Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender at any time shall mean the percentage of the total Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitments of all Delayed Draw Term Loan Lenders represented by such Lender s Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment; provided that, in the case of the Revolving Credit Facility, if such Commitments have been terminated or have expired, then the Pro Rata Percentage of each Lender shall be determined based on the Pro Rata Percentage of such Lender immediately prior to such termination or expiration and after giving effect to any subsequent assignments made pursuant to the terms hereof. Pro Rata Share shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 7.10(a) . Projections shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.04(b) . Property shall mean any right, title or interest in or to property or assets of any kind whatsoever, whether real, personal or mixed and whether tangible or intangible and including Equity Interests of any person and whether now in existence or owned or hereafter entered into or acquired, including all Real Property, cash, securities, accounts, revenues and contract rights. Public Lenders shall mean any Lender that does not wish to receive Non-Public Information with respect to the Borrower or its Subsidiaries or their respective securities. Public Official shall mean (i) any officer, employee or representative of any regional, federal, state, provincial, county or municipal government or government department, agency, or other division; (ii) any officer, employee or representative of any commercial enterprise that is owned or controlled by a government, including any state-owned or controlled veterinary or medical facility; (iii) any officer, employee or representative of any public international organization, such as the African Union, the International Monetary Fund, the United Nations or the World Bank; (iv) any person acting in an official capacity for any government or government entity, enterprise, or organization identified above; and (v) any political party, party official or candidate for political office. Purchase Money Obligation shall mean, for any person, the obligations of such person in respect of Indebtedness (including Capital Lease Obligations) incurred for the purpose of financing all or any part of the purchase price of any fixed or capital assets (including Equity Interests of any person owning fixed or capital assets) or the cost of installation, construction or improvement of any fixed or capital assets (including capitalized leasehold improvements); provided , however , that (a) such Indebtedness is incurred prior to or within 90 days after such acquisition, installation, construction or improvement of such fixed or capital assets by such person and (b) the amount of such Indebtedness does not exceed 100 of the cost of such acquisition, installation, construction or improvement, as the case may be. Qualified ECP Guarantor shall mean, in respect of any Swap Obligations, each Loan Party that has total assets exceeding 10,000,000 at the time the relevant Guarantee or grant of the relevant security interest becomes effective with respect to such Swap Obligation or such other person as constitutes an eligible contract participant under the Commodity Exchange Act or any regulations promulgated thereunder and can cause another person to qualify as an eligible contract participant at such time by entering into a keepwell under Section 1a(18)(A)(v)(II) of the Commodity Exchange Act. Qualified Stock of any person shall mean any Equity Interest of such person that does not constitute Disqualified Stock. Real Property shall mean, collectively, all right, title and interest (including any leasehold estate) in and to 
 39 

any and all parcels of or interests in real property owned, leased or operated by any person, whether by lease, license or other means, together with, in each case, all easements, hereditaments and appurtenances relating thereto, all improvements and appurtenant fixtures and equipment, all general intangibles and contract rights and other Property and rights incidental to the ownership, lease or operation thereof. Reference Date shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Cumulative Amount . Refinancing shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble hereto. Refinancing Amendment shall mean an amendment to this Agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower executed by each of (a) the Borrower, (b) the Administrative Agent and (c) each Additional Lender that agrees to provide any portion of the extending, renewing or refinancing Indebtedness being incurred pursuant thereto. Refinancing Revolving Loan Commitments shall mean one or more tranches of Revolving Loan commitments hereunder that result from a Refinancing Amendment. Refinancing Revolving Loans shall mean one or more tranches of Revolving Loans that result from a Refinancing Amendment. Refinancing Term Commitments shall mean one or more tranches of Term Loan Commitments hereunder that result from a Refinancing Amendment. Refinancing Term Loans shall mean one or more tranches of Term Loans that result from a Refinancing Amendment. Register shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 11.04(d) . Regulation D shall mean Regulation D of the Board as from time to time in effect and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. Regulation T shall mean Regulation T of the Board as from time to time in effect and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. Regulation U shall mean Regulation U of the Board as from time to time in effect and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. Regulation X shall mean Regulation X of the Board as from time to time in effect and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. Reinvestment Funds shall mean, with respect to any Net Cash Proceeds of any Asset Sale or Casualty Event in respect of the single event or series of related events giving rise thereto, that portion of such funds as shall be reinvested (or be subject to a binding commitment for any such reinvestment) within 365 days after receipt thereof by the Borrower or any Subsidiary in assets (other than ordinary course current assets) useful in the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries; provided that, if any such Net Cash Proceeds are not actually so reinvested within 365 days of such receipt (or 545 days of receipt if committed to be so reinvested pursuant to a binding agreement entered into on or prior to such 365 th day), such unreinvested portion shall no longer constitute Reinvestment Funds and shall be applied on the last day of such period as a mandatory prepayment as provided in Section 2.10(c) . Related Person shall mean, with respect to any person, (a) each Affiliate of such person and each of the officers, directors, partners, trustees, employees, affiliates, shareholders, Advisors, agents, administrators, managers, representatives, attorneys-in-fact and Controlling persons of each of the foregoing, and (b) if such person is an Agent, each other person designated, nominated or otherwise mandated by or assisting such Agent pursuant to Section 10.05 or any comparable provision of any Loan Document. 
 40 

Release shall mean any releasing, spilling, leaking, pumping, pouring, emitting, emptying, discharging, injecting, escaping, leaching, depositing, dispersing, migrating, dumping or disposing in, on, into, through or from the Environment or any Real Property (including the abandonment or disposal of any barrels, containers or other closed receptacles containing any Hazardous Material). Required Lenders shall mean, at any date of determination, Lenders (other than Defaulting Lenders) having Loans and unused Revolving Commitments, outstanding Initial Term Loans and Initial Term Loan Commitments and outstanding Delayed Draw Term Loans and Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitments representing more than 50 of the sum of all Loans outstanding and unused Revolving Commitments, outstanding Initial Term Loans and Initial Term Loan Commitments, outstanding Delayed Draw Term Loans and Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitments at such time; provided that, if there are two (2) or more unaffiliated Lenders, Required Lenders shall also be required to include two (2) such unaffiliated Lenders. Required Revolving Lenders shall mean, at any date of determination, Revolving Lenders (other than Defaulting Lenders) having Revolving Commitments representing more than 50 of the sum of all Revolving Commitments at such time; provided that, if there are two (2) or more unaffiliated Revolving Lenders, Required Revolving Lenders shall also be required to include two (2) such unaffiliated Revolving Lenders. Resolution Authority shall mean an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. Response shall mean (a) response as such term is defined in CERCLA, 42 U.S.C. 9601(25) or any other applicable Environmental Law, or (b) all other actions required pursuant to Environmental Law to (i) clean up, remove, treat, abate, monitor or in any other way address any Release or presence of Hazardous Materials at, in, on, under or from any Real Property, or otherwise in the Environment, (ii) prevent the Release or threat of Release, or minimize the further Release, of any Hazardous Material, or (iii) perform studies and investigations in connection with, or as a precondition to, clause (i) or (ii) above. Responsible Officer of any person shall mean any executive officer, any executive vice president or Financial Officer of such person. Revolving Borrowing shall mean a Borrowing comprised of Revolving Loans. Revolving Commitment shall mean, with respect to each Lender, the commitment, if any, of such Lender to make Revolving Loans hereunder up to the amount set forth on Annex II or on Schedule 1 to the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender assumed its Revolving Commitment, as applicable, as the same may be (a) increased from time to time pursuant to Section 2.19 , (b) reduced from time to time pursuant to Section 2.07 and (c) reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to assignments by or to such Lender pursuant to Section 11.04 . The aggregate principal amount of the Lenders Revolving Commitments on the Closing Date is 15,000,000. Revolving Commitment Increase shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.19(d) . Revolving Credit Facility shall mean the credit facility represented by the Revolving Commitments and the Revolving Loans. Revolving Exposure shall mean, with respect to any Lender at any time, the aggregate principal amount at such time of all outstanding Revolving Loans of such Lender. Revolving Increasing Lender shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.19(d) . Revolving Lender shall mean a Lender with a Revolving Commitment. Revolving Loan shall mean a Loan made by the Lenders to the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.01(b) and Section 2.19 . Each Revolving Loan shall either be an ABR Revolving Loan or a Term SOFR Revolving Loan. 
 41 

Revolving Maturity Date shall mean November 5, 2026. S P shall mean Standard Poor s Ratings Services, a division of the McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc., and any successor thereto. Sale and Leaseback Transaction shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.03 . Sanctioned Country shall mean, at any time, a country or territory which is itself the subject or target of comprehensive Sanctions (as of the date of this Agreement, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria, the Crimea region of Ukraine, the so-called Donetsk People s Republic, and the so-called Luhansk People s Republic). Sanctioned Person shall mean, at any time, any Person that is the target of Sanctions, including (a) any Person listed in any Sanctions-related list of designated Persons maintained by OFAC, the U.S. Department of State, or by the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, any European Union member state or the United Kingdom, (b) any Person operating, organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country, (c) the government of a Sanctioned Country or the Government of Venezuela; or (d) any Person 50 or more owned or controlled by any such Person or Persons or acting for or on behalf of such Person or Persons as described in the foregoing clauses (a) (b), or (c). Sanctions shall mean economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by (a) the U.S. government, including those administered by OFAC or the U.S. Department of State, or (b) the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, any European Union member state or the United Kingdom (including His Majesty s Treasury). Sarbanes-Oxley Act shall mean the United States Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, and all rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. SEC shall mean the Securities and Exchange Commission or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any of its principal functions. Second Amendment shall mean that certain Second Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of December 29, 2022, by and among the Borrower, the Subsidiary Guarantors party thereto, the Lenders party thereto and the Administrative Agent. Second Amendment Effective Date shall mean the date on which the conditions precedent set forth in Section 2 of the Second Amendment are satisfied. Secured Leverage Ratio shall mean, at any date of determination, the ratio of (a) the Consolidated Secured Indebtedness outstanding on such date minus Unrestricted Cash and Cash Equivalents of the Borrowers and its Subsidiaries that are Domestic Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount not to exceed 35,000,000 to (b) Consolidated EBITDA for the Test Period then most recently ended. Secured Obligations shall mean (a) the Obligations, (b) the Specified Hedging Agreement Obligations, (c) the Bank Product Obligations and (d) Erroneous Payment Subrogation Rights. Secured Parties shall mean, collectively, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, each other Agent, the Lenders, each Bank Product Provider and each counterparty to a Specified Hedging Agreement and such counterparty executes and delivers to the Administrative Agent a letter agreement in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent pursuant to which such counterparty (i) appoints the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent as its agents under the applicable Loan Documents and (ii) agrees to be bound by the provisions of Section 11.03 , Section 11.09 and Section 11.12 as if it were a Lender hereunder. Securities Act shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Securities Collateral shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the Security Agreement. 
 42 

Security Agreement shall mean that certain Security Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, among the Loan Parties and the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties, as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time by one or more Joinder Agreements, or otherwise, in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof. Security Agreement Collateral shall mean all Property pledged or granted as collateral pursuant to the Security Agreement delivered on the Closing Date or thereafter pursuant to Section 5.18 or Section 5.10 . Security Documents shall mean, collectively, the Security Agreement, the Mortgages (if any), each Control Agreement, and each other security document or pledge agreement delivered in accordance with applicable local or foreign Legal Requirements to grant a valid, enforceable, perfected security interest (with the priority required under the Loan Documents) in any Property as collateral for the Secured Obligations, and all UCC or other financing statements or instruments of perfection required by this Agreement, the Security Agreement, any Mortgage, any Control Agreement or any other such security document or pledge agreement to be filed with respect to the security interests in Property created pursuant to the Security Agreement, any Mortgage, any Control Agreement and any other document or instrument utilized to pledge any Property as collateral for all (or any of) the Secured Obligations. SOFR shall mean a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the SOFR Administrator. SOFR Administrator shall mean the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). SOFR Borrowing shall mean a Borrowing comprised of Term SOFR Loans. SOFR Screen Rate shall mean the SOFR quote on the applicable screen page the Administrative Agent designates to determine SOFR (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time). SOFR Successor Rate shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.11(b) . SOFR Successor Rate Conforming Changes shall mean, with respect to any proposed SOFR Successor Rate, any conforming changes to the definition of Alternate Base Rate , SOFR or Interest Period , timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest and other administrative matters as may be appropriate, in the discretion of the Administrative Agent, to reflect the adoption of such SOFR Successor Rate and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent determines that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or that no market practice for the administration of such SOFR Successor Rate exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent determines in consultation with the Borrower). SPC shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 11.04(i) . Specified Acquired Property shall mean (a) any person that does not, upon the consummation of the Permitted Acquisition, become a Subsidiary Guarantor and (b) Property acquired in connection with any Permitted Acquisition that is not made subject to the Lien of the Security Documents in accordance with Section 5.10 . Specified Extraordinary Receipts shall mean any Extraordinary Receipts (i) described in clause (i) of the definition thereof arising from litigation commenced prior to the Third Amendment Effective Date or (ii) described in clause (iv) of the definition thereof arising from purchase agreements entered into prior to the Third Amendment Effective Date. Specified Guarantor Release Provision shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.12(c) . Specified Hedging Agreement shall mean each Hedging Agreement (to the extent the Hedging Obligations 
 43 

thereunder are permitted pursuant to Section 6.01(c)) entered into with any counterparty that was an Agent, a Lender or an Affiliate of an Agent or a Lender at the time that such Hedging Agreement was entered into and that has been designated as a Specified Hedging Agreement by the Borrower in a written notice to the Administrative Agent. Specified Hedging Agreement Obligations shall mean (a) all obligations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries from time to time arising under or in respect of the due and punctual payment of each amount (including all liabilities) required to be paid by Borrower and its Subsidiaries under each Specified Hedging Agreement (and under each Loan Document with respect thereto), when and as due, including payments in respect of interest thereon (including interest accruing during the pendency of any bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or other similar proceeding, regardless of whether allowed or allowable in such proceeding) and obligations to provide cash collateral and all other monetary obligations, including fees, costs, expenses and indemnities, whether primary, secondary, direct, contingent, fixed or otherwise (including monetary obligations incurred during the pendency of any bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or other similar proceeding, regardless of whether allowed or allowable in such proceeding), of the Borrower under each Specified Hedging Agreement (and under each Loan Document with respect thereto), and (b) the due and punctual performance of all covenants, agreements, obligations and liabilities of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries under or pursuant to each Specified Hedging Agreements (and under each Loan Document with respect thereto); provided , that the Specified Hedging Agreement Obligations shall exclude any Excluded Swap Obligations. Specified Merger Agreement Representations shall mean the representations and warranties made by or on behalf of (or related to) Envigo, its subsidiaries or their respective businesses in the Merger Agreement which are material to the interests of the Lenders, but which are required to be true and correct only to the extent that the Borrower (or its applicable Affiliate party to the Merger Agreement) has the right to terminate, taking into account any cure provisions, its obligations under the Merger Agreement or to decline to consummate the Mergers as a result of a breach of such representations and warranties. Specified Representations shall mean the representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.01 (as it relates to corporate or other organizational existence, organizational power and authority), 3.02 (as it relates to the due authorization execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents and the enforceability thereof), 3.15, 3.03 (as it relates to no conflicts resulting from the entering into and performance of the Loan Documentation with charter documents, existing agreements and legal proceedings), 3.09, 3.10, the last sentence of 3.11(a), Section 3.19 (as it relates to the creation, validity and perfection of the security interests in the Collateral) and Section 3.21 . Subject Transaction shall mean, (a) any Permitted Acquisition or similar Investment that is otherwise permitted by this Agreement, (b) any disposition of all or substantially all of the assets or all the Equity Interests of any Subsidiary (or any business unit, line of business or division of any of the Subsidiaries of the Borrower for which financial statements are available) not prohibited by this Agreement, (c) discontinued divisions or lines of business or operations or (d) the proposed incurrence of Indebtedness or making of a restricted payment or payment in respect of Indebtedness in respect of which compliance with any financial ratio is by the terms of this Agreement required to be calculated on a Pro Forma Basis. Subsidiary shall mean, with respect to any person (the parent at any date, (a) any person the accounts of which would be consolidated with those of the parent in the parent s consolidated financial statements if such financial statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP as of such date, (b) any other corporation, limited liability company, association or other business entity of which securities or other ownership interests representing more than 50 of the voting power of all Equity Interests entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote in the election of the Board of Directors (or similar governing body) thereof are, as of such date, owned, controlled or held by the parent and/or one or more subsidiaries of the parent, (c) any partnership (i) the sole general partner or the managing general partner of which is the parent and/or one or more subsidiaries of the parent or (ii) the only general partners of which are the parent and/or one or more subsidiaries of the parent and (d) any other person that is otherwise Controlled by the parent and/or one or more subsidiaries of the parent. Unless the context requires otherwise, Subsidiary refers to a Subsidiary of the Borrower. Subsidiary Guarantor shall mean each Subsidiary of any Loan Party that (i) is a Domestic Subsidiary and 
 44 

(ii) is or becomes a party to this Agreement and the Security Documents pursuant to and in compliance with all the requirements set forth in Section 5.10, including the Subsidiaries listed on Schedule 1.01(c) and specified on such schedule as a Subsidiary Guarantor. Survey shall mean American Land Title Association/American Congress on Surveying and Mapping form surveys, for which all necessary fees (where applicable) have been paid, reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, showing all buildings and other improvements, any off-site improvements, the location of any easements, parking spaces, rights of way, building set-back lines and other dimensional regulations and the absence of encroachments, either by such improvements or on to such property, and other defects, other than encroachments and other defects reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and (i) dated or redated no more than 30 days before the relevant date, certified to the Administrative Agent and the issuer of the Mortgage policies in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent by a land surveyor duly registered and licensed in the States in which the property described in such surveys is located, or (ii) dated or redated no more than five (5) years before the relevant date, with an affidavit from the Borrower confirming that since the date of such survey no material exterior construction has occurred on the applicable property nor any material easement, right of way or other interest in such property has been granted or become effective through operation of law or otherwise which can be depicted on a survey which survey is sufficient for the Title Company to remove all standard survey exceptions from the Title Policy for such Property. Swap Agreement shall mean (i) any and all rate swap transactions, basis swaps, credit derivative transactions, forward rate transactions, commodity swaps, commodity options, forward commodity contracts, equity or equity index swaps or options, bond or bond price or bond index swaps or options or forward bond or forward bond price or forward bond index transactions, interest rate options, forward foreign exchange transactions, cap transactions, floor transactions, collar transactions, currency swap transactions, cross-currency rate swap transactions, currency options, spot contracts or any other similar transactions or any combination of any of the foregoing (including any options to enter into any of the foregoing), whether or not any such transaction is governed by or subject to any master agreement and (ii) any and all transactions of any kind, and the related confirmations, which are subject to the terms and conditions of, or governed by, any form of master agreement published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., any International Foreign Exchange Master Agreement or any other master agreement (any such master agreement, together with any related schedules, a Master Agreement ), including any such obligations or liabilities under any Master Agreement. Swap Obligation shall mean, with respect to any Guarantor, any obligation to pay or perform under any agreement, contract or transaction that constitutes a swap within the meaning of section 1a(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act. Synthetic Lease shall mean, as to any person, any lease (including leases that may be terminated by the lessee at any time) of any Property (a) that is accounted for as an operating lease under GAAP and (b) in respect of which the lessee retains or obtains ownership of the Property so leased for U.S. federal income tax purposes, other than any such lease under which such person is the lessor. Synthetic Lease Obligations shall mean, as to any person, an amount equal to the capitalized amount of the remaining lease payments under any Synthetic Lease that would appear on a balance sheet of such person in accordance with GAAP if such obligations were accounted for as Capital Lease Obligations. Tax Returns shall mean all returns, statements, filings, attachments and other documents or certifications required to be filed in respect of Taxes. Taxes shall mean any and all present or future taxes, duties, levies, imposts, assessments, fees, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding) or other similar charges, whether computed on a separate, consolidated, unitary, combined or other basis and any and all liabilities (including interest, fines, penalties or additions to tax) with respect to the foregoing. 
 45 

Term Borrowing shall mean a Borrowing comprised of Term Loans. Term Loan shall mean an Initial Term Loan made by a Lender to the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.01(a), any term loan made by a Term Loan Lender to the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.19 or Section 2.20 or any delayed draw term loan made by a Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender to the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.01(c) , and, in each case, including any PIK Amounts . Each Term Loan shall be either an ABR Term Loan or a Term SOFR Term Loan. Term Loan Commitment shall mean, (a) with respect to each Lender, the commitment, if any, of such Lender to make a Term Loan on the Closing Date and (b) with respect to any 2022 Incremental Term Loan Lender, the commitment of such Lender to make 2022 Incremental Term Loans to the Borrower on the First Amendment Effective Date. Term Loan Facility shall mean the credit facility represented by the Term Loans made under this Agreement. Term Loan Lender shall mean a Lender with a Term Loan Commitment or an outstanding Term Loan, including any 2022 Incremental Term Loan Lender with a 2022 Incremental Term Loan Commitment or an outstanding 2022 Incremental Term Loan. Term Loan Maturity Date shall mean (a) with respect to (i) the Initial Term Loans advanced on the Closing Date, (ii) the 2022 Incremental Term Loans advanced on the First Amendment Effective Date and (iii) any Delayed Draw Term Loans (including the 2022 Incremental Delayed Draw Term Loans), November 5, 2026, (b) with respect to any tranche of New Term Loans made pursuant to Section 2.19, the final maturity date as specified in the applicable Incremental Loan Amendment and accepted by the respective Increasing Lenders and New Lenders and (c) with respect to any tranche of Extended Term Loans made pursuant to Section 2.20, the final maturity date as specified in the applicable Extension Offer accepted by the respective Lender or Lenders. Term Loan Repayment Date shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.09 . Term SOFR shall mean: (a) (a) for any calculation with respect to a Term SOFR Loan, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period on the day (such day, the Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator; provided , however , that if as of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day; and (b) (b) for any calculation with respect to an ABR Loan on any day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor of one month on the day (such day, the ABR Term SOFR Determination Day that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such day, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator; provided , however , that ifas of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any ABR Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such ABR Term SOFR Determination Day; provided that to the extent a comparable or successor rate is determined in accordance with Section 2.11 in connection 
 46 

herewith, the approved rate shall be applied in a manner consistent with market practice; provided , further , that to the extent such market practice is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, such approved rate shall be applied in a manner as otherwise reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent. Term SOFR Adjustment shall mean a percentage equal to (a) 0.11448 per annum for Interest Periods of up to (and including) 1 month, (b) 0.26161 per annum for Interest Periods longer than 1 month and up to (and including) 3 months and (c) 0.42826 per annum for Interest Periods longer than 3 months. Term SOFR Administrator shall mean CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (CBA) (or a successor administrator of the Term SOFR Reference Rate selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion). Term SOFR Loan shall mean a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on Adjusted Term SOFR, other than pursuant to clause (c) of the definition of Alternate Base Rate . Term SOFR Reference Rate shall mean the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. Test Period shall mean, at any time, the four consecutive fiscal quarters of the Borrower then last ended (in each case taken as one accounting period) for which financial statements have been or are required to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or (b) . Third Amendment shall mean that certain Third Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of January 9, 2023, by and among the Borrower, the Subsidiary Guarantors party thereto, the Lenders party thereto and the Administrative Agent. Third Amendment Effective Date shall mean the date on which the conditions precedent set forth in Section 2 of the Third Amendment are satisfied. Third Amendment RCF Deferred Fee shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the Third Amendment. Third Amendment Term Loan Deferred Fee shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the Third Amendment. Third Amendment Term Loan Effective Date PIK Fee shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the Third Amendment. Title Company shall mean any title insurance company as shall be retained by Borrower and reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent. Title Policy shall mean, with respect to each Mortgage, a policy of title insurance (or marked-up title insurance commitment having the effect of a policy of title insurance) insuring the Lien of such Mortgage as a valid first mortgage Lien on the Mortgaged Property and fixtures described therein in an amount equal to not less than 100 of the Fair Market Value of such Mortgaged Property and fixtures (or such lesser amount as may be required by the Collateral Agent), which policy (or such marked-up commitment) shall be issued by a Title Company, and contain such endorsements as shall be reasonably requested by the Collateral Agent and no exceptions to title other than Permitted Liens and additional exceptions reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent. Total Third Amendment RCF Deferred Fee Amount shall mean the aggregate amount of the Third Amendment RCF Deferred Fees of the Consenting Revolving Lenders earned on the Third Amendment Effective Date. Total Third Amendment Term Loan Deferred Fee Amount shall mean the aggregate amount of the Third Amendment Term Loan Deferred Fees of the Consenting Term Lenders earned on the Third Amendment Effective Date. 
 47 

Transaction Costs shall mean any fees, premiums, expenses and other transaction costs incurred or paid by the Loan Parties in connection with the Transactions, including those amounts set forth in the Engagement Letter. Transactions shall mean, collectively, (a) the transactions to occur on or prior to the Closing Date pursuant to, or contemplated by, the Loan Documents, including the execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents and the initial Credit Extensions hereunder, (b) the Mergers and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement and (c) the Refinancing. Transferred Guarantor shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 7.09 . Transition Date shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the Second Amendment. Treasury Regulations shall mean the regulations promulgated by the United States Department of the Treasury under the Code, as amended from time to time. Type shall mean, when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, a reference to whether the rate of interest on such Loan, or on the Loans comprising such Borrowing, is determined by reference to Adjusted Term SOFR or the Alternate Base Rate. UK Financial Institution shall mean any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. UK Resolution Authority shall mean the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. Unfunded Pension Liability shall mean the excess of a Pension Plan s benefit liabilities under Section 4001(a)(16) of ERISA, over the current value of that Pension Plan s assets, determined in accordance with the assumptions used for funding the Pension Plan pursuant to Section 412 of the Code for the applicable plan year. Uniform Commercial Code or UCC shall mean the Uniform Commercial Code, as in effect from time to time in any applicable jurisdiction. United States and U.S. shall mean the United States of America. Unrestricted Cash and Cash Equivalents shall mean, at any time, the aggregate amount of unrestricted cash and Cash Equivalents (i) held in accounts of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries that are Domestic Subsidiaries that are subject to Deposit Account Control Agreements (as defined in the Security Agreement) or (ii) that are free and clear of all Liens (other than Liens permitted pursuant to Section 6.02(j) or pursuant to this Agreement). Unsecured Notes Offering shall mean the issuance and sale of senior unsecured notes of the Borrower. U.S. Foreign Holdco shall mean any Domestic Subsidiary that (i) is disregarded as an entity separate from its owner for U.S. federal income tax purposes and (ii) does not own any material assets other than Equity Interests (or any debt instrument, option, warrant or other instrument treated as equity for U.S. federal income tax purposes) that have the power to vote under Treasury Regulation Section 1.956-2(c)(2) of one or more CFCs. U.S. Government Securities Business Day shall mean any day except for (a) a Saturday, (b) a Sunday or (c) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities. USCO shall mean the United States Copyright Office. 
 48 

USPTO shall mean the United States Patent and Trademark Office. Voluntary Loan Prepayment Amount shall mean, with respect to any Excess Cash Flow Period, the aggregate amount of voluntary prepayments made in respect of (a) Term Loans and (b) Revolving Loans (to the extent, other than as provided in Section 2.10(e), accompanied by a concurrent and concomitant permanent reduction of the Revolving Commitment), in each case, to the extent that such voluntary prepayments are made with Internally Generated Funds (that the Borrower certifies, to the Administrative Agent and the Lender, shall not be included in the Cumulative Amount). Voting Stock shall mean, with respect to any person, any class or classes of Equity Interests pursuant to which the holders thereof have the general voting power under ordinary circumstances to elect at least a majority of the Board of Directors of such person. Weighted Average Life to Maturity shall mean, when applied to any Indebtedness at any date, the number of years obtained by dividing: (i) the sum of the products obtained by multiplying (a) the amount of each then remaining installment, sinking fund, serial maturity or other required payments of principal, including payment at final maturity, in respect thereof, by (b) the number of years (calculated to the nearest one-twelfth) that will elapse between such date and the making of such payment by (ii) the then-outstanding principal amount of such Indebtedness. Weighted Average Yield shall mean, with respect to any Loan, on any date of determination, the weighted average yield to maturity, in each case, based on the interest rate applicable to such Loan on such date and giving effect to interest rate floors, upfront fees, original issue discount or similar yield-related discounts or deductions payable with respect to such Loans (but, excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any customary arranging, underwriting, structuring or similar fees not paid to all of the Lenders providing such Loans) based on (i) an assumed four-year average life for the applicable Loans or (ii) if the stated maturity of the applicable Loans is less than four years, the actual life of such Loans. Wholly Owned Subsidiary shall mean, as to any person, (a) any corporation 100 of whose capital stock (other than directors qualifying shares) is at the time owned by such person and/or one or more Wholly Owned Subsidiaries of such person and (b) any partnership, association, joint venture, limited liability company or other entity in which such person and/or one or more Wholly Owned Subsidiaries of such person have a 100 equity interest (other than immaterial directors qualifying shares to the extent required by applicable law) at such time. Write-Down and Conversion Powers shall mean, (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. Section 1.02 Classification of Loans and Borrowings . For purposes of this Agreement, Loans may be classified and referred to by Class e.g ., a Revolving Loan or by Type e.g. , a Term SOFR Loan or by Class and Type e.g. , a Term SOFR Revolving Loan ). Borrowings also may be classified and referred to by Class e.g. , a Revolving Borrowing, Borrowing of Term Loans or by Type e.g ., a SOFR Borrowing or by Class and Type e.g ., a SOFR Revolving Borrowing ). Section 1.03 Terms Generally . The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words include, includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation. The phrase Material Adverse Effect shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase , 
 49 

individually or in the aggregate. The word asset shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word Property. The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall. Unless the context requires otherwise (a) any definition of or reference to any Loan Document, agreement, instrument or other document herein shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, restated, amended and restated, refinanced, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, restatements, amendments and restatements, refinancing, extensions, supplements or modifications set forth in any Loan Document), (b) any reference herein to any person shall be construed to include such person s successors and assigns, (c) the words herein, hereof and hereunder, and words of similar import, shall be construed to refer to this Agreement in its entirety and not to any particular provision hereof, (d) all references herein to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, this Agreement, unless otherwise indicated, (e) any references to any law or regulation shall (i) include all statutory and regulatory provisions consolidating, amending, replacing or interpreting or supplementing such law or regulation, and (ii) unless otherwise specified, refer to such law or regulation as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, and (f) all references to knowledge in this Agreement or any other Loan Document refers to the actual knowledge (after reasonable inquiry) of such Responsible Officer or other Person making such certification. This Section 1.03 shall apply, mutatis mutandis , to all Loan Documents. Any Responsible Officer executing any Loan Document or any certificate or other document made or delivered pursuant hereto or thereto, so executes or certifies in his/her capacity as a Responsible Officer on behalf of the applicable Loan Party and not in any individual capacity. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, (a) unless specifically stated otherwise herein, any dollar, number, percentage or other amount available under any basket set forth in any affirmative, negative or other covenant in this Agreement or the other Loan Documents may be accumulated, added, combined, aggregated or used together by any Loan Party and its Subsidiaries with any other basket in the same such covenant; provided that such accumulation, addition, combination or aggregation may only occur to the extent such Loan Party would be permitted to use each such basket for the same transaction or occurrence, and (b) any action or event permitted by this Agreement or the other Loan Documents need not be permitted solely by reference to one provision permitting such action or event but may be permitted in part by one such provision and in part by one or more other provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents; provided that such action or event complies with each such provision applicable to such action or event. Section 1.04 Accounting Terms; GAAP . Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all financial statements to be delivered pursuant to this Agreement shall be prepared in accordance with GAAP as in effect from time to time and all terms of an accounting or financial nature shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with GAAP, as in effect on the Closing Date. If at any time any change in GAAP would affect the computation of any financial ratio set forth in any Loan Document, and the Borrower or the Administrative Agent shall so request, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall negotiate in good faith to amend such ratio or requirement to preserve the original intent thereof in light of such change in GAAP (subject to approval by the Required Lenders and the Borrower); provided that, until so amended, such ratio or requirement shall continue to be computed in accordance with GAAP prior to such change therein and the Borrower shall provide to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders within five days after delivery of each certificate or financial report required hereunder that is affected thereby a written statement of a Financial Officer of the Borrower setting forth in reasonable detail the differences (including any differences that would affect any calculations relating to the financial covenants as set forth in Section 6.15) . For purposes of calculations made pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, GAAP will be deemed to treat operating leases and capital leases in a manner consistent with their current treatment under generally accepted accounting principles as in effect on the Closing Date, notwithstanding any modifications or interpretive changes thereto that may occur thereafter. Section 1.05 Pro Forma Calculations . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, all financial ratios and tests (including the First Lien Leverage Ratio, the Secured Leverage Ratio and the amount of Consolidated Total Assets and Consolidated EBITDA) contained in this Agreement (other than for purposes of calculating Excess Cash Flow) that are calculated with respect to any Test Period during which any Subject Transaction occurs shall be calculated with respect to such Test Period and such Subject Transaction on a Pro Forma Basis. Further, if since the beginning of any such Test Period and on or prior to the date of any required calculation of any financial ratio or test 
 50 

(x) any Subject Transaction shall have occurred or (y) any Person that subsequently became a Subsidiary or was merged, amalgamated or consolidated with or into the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries since the beginning of such Test Period shall have consummated any Subject Transaction, then, in each case, any applicable financial ratio or test shall be calculated on a Pro Forma Basis for such Test Period as if such Subject Transaction had occurred at the beginning of the applicable Test Period (it being understood, for the avoidance of doubt, that solely for purposes of calculating quarterly compliance with Section 6.15, the date of the required calculation shall be the last day of the Test Period, and no Subject Transaction occurring thereafter shall be taken into account). Section 1.06 Resolution of Drafting Ambiguities . Each Loan Party acknowledges and agrees that it was represented by counsel in connection with the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents to which it is a party, that it and its counsel reviewed and participated in the preparation and negotiation hereof or thereof and that any rule of construction to the effect that ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party shall not be employed in the interpretation hereof or thereof. Section 1.07 Rounding . Any financial ratios required to be satisfied in order for a specific action to be permitted under this Agreement shall be calculated by dividing the appropriate component by the other component, carrying the result to one place more than the number of places by which such ratio is expressed herein and rounding the result up or down to the nearest number (with a rounding-up if there is no nearest number). Section 1.08 Currency Fluctuations . For purposes of determining compliance with Section 6.01, Section 6.02, Section 6.04, Section 6.06 or Section 6.09, with respect to any Indebtedness, Liens, Investments, Asset Sales or other dispositions, or prepayments of other Indebtedness in a currency other than Dollars, no Default or Event of Default shall be deemed to have occurred solely as a result of changes in rates of currency exchange occurring after the time the Borrower or one of its Subsidiaries is contractually obligated to incur, make or acquire such Indebtedness, Liens, Investments, Asset Sales or other dispositions or prepayments of other Indebtedness (so long as, at the time of entering into the contract to incur, make or acquire such Indebtedness, Liens, Investments, Asset Sales or other dispositions or prepayments of other Indebtedness, it was permitted hereunder) and once contractually obligated to be incurred, made or acquired, the amount of such Indebtedness, Liens, Investments, Asset Sales or other dispositions or prepayments of other Indebtedness, shall be always deemed to be at the Dollar amount on such date, regardless of later changes in currency exchange rates. Section 1.09 Divisions . For all purposes under the Loan Documents, in connection with any division or plan of division under Delaware law (or any comparable event under a different jurisdiction s laws): (a) if any asset, right, obligation or liability of any Person becomes the asset, right, obligation or liability of a different Person, then it shall be deemed to have been transferred from the original Person to the subsequent Person, and (b) if any new Person comes into existence, such new Person shall be deemed to have been organized and acquired on the first date of its existence by the holders of its Equity Interests at such time. ARTICLE II THE CREDITS Section 2.01 Commitments . (a) Term Loan . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein and relying upon the representations and warranties set forth herein, (i) the Initial Term Lenders agree, severally and not jointly, to make Initial Term Loans to the Borrower on the Closing Date in the original aggregate principal amount of 165,000,000 and (ii) the 2022 Incremental Term Loan Lenders agree, severally and not jointly, to make 2022 Incremental Term Loans to Borrower on the First Amendment Effective Date in the original aggregate principal amount of 40,000,000. (b) Revolving Loans . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein and relying upon the representations and warranties set forth herein, each Revolving Lender agrees, severally and not jointly, to make Revolving Loans to the Borrower, at any time and from time to time on or after the Closing Date until the earlier of the Revolving Maturity Date and the termination of the Revolving Commitment of such Lender in accordance with 
 51 

the terms hereof, in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding that will not result in such Lender s Revolving Exposure exceeding such Lender s Revolving Commitment. (c) Delayed Draw Term Loans . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein and relying upon the representations and warranties set forth herein, each Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender agrees, severally and not jointly, to make Delayed Draw Term Loans to the Borrower, at any time and from time to time on or after the Closing Date until the earlier of the Term Loan Maturity Date and the termination of the Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment of such Lender in accordance with the terms hereof. Amounts paid or prepaid in respect of Term Loans may not be reborrowed. Subject to the terms, conditions and limitations set forth herein, the Borrower may borrow, pay or prepay and reborrow Revolving Loans. Section 2.02 Loans . (a)- (a) Each Loan shall be made as part of a Borrowing consisting of Loans made by the Lenders ratably in accordance with their applicable Commitments; provided that the failure of any Lender to make any Loan shall not in itself relieve any other Lender of its obligation to lend hereunder (it being understood, however, that no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to make any Loan required to be made by such other Lender). (b) Subject to Section 2.11 and Section 2.12, each Borrowing shall be comprised entirely of ABR Loans or Term SOFR Loans as the Borrower may request pursuant to Section 2.03 . Each Lender may at its option make any Term SOFR Loan by causing any domestic or foreign branch or Affiliate of such Lender to make such Loan; provided that any exercise of such option shall not affect the obligation of the Lender to make such Loan and the Borrower to repay such Loan in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. Borrowings of more than one Type may be outstanding at the same time; provided that the Borrower shall not be entitled to request any Borrowing that, if made, would result in more than ten SOFR Borrowings outstanding hereunder at any one time. For purposes of the foregoing, Borrowings having different Interest Periods, regardless of whether they commence on the same date, shall be considered separate Borrowings. (c) Each Lender shall make each Loan to be made by it hereunder on the proposed date thereof by wire transfer of immediately available funds to such account in New York City as the Administrative Agent may designate from time to time not later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, and the Administrative Agent shall promptly credit the amounts so received to an account as directed by the Borrower in the applicable Borrowing Request or, if a Borrowing shall not occur on such date because any condition precedent herein specified shall not have been met, return the amounts so received to the respective Lenders within two Business Days. (d) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received written notice from a Lender prior to the date of any Borrowing that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lender s portion of such Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such portion available to the Administrative Agent on the date of such Borrowing in accordance with paragraph (c) above, and the Administrative Agent may (but shall not be obligated to), in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Borrower on such date a corresponding amount. If the Administrative Agent shall have so made funds available, then, to the extent that such Lender shall not have made such portion available to the Administrative Agent, each of such Lender and the Borrower severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount together with interest thereon, for each day from the date such amount is made available to the Borrower until the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at (i) in the case of such Lender, the greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules or practices on interbank compensation, and (ii) in the case of the Borrower, the interest rate applicable to the Borrowing pursuant to which the Borrower received such funds. If such Lender shall repay to the Administrative Agent such corresponding amount, such amount shall constitute such Lender s Loan as part of such Borrowing for purposes of this Agreement, and the Borrower s obligation to repay the Administrative Agent such corresponding amount pursuant to this Section 2.02(d) shall cease. 
 52 

(e) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Borrower shall not be entitled to request, or to elect to convert or continue, any Borrowing if the Interest Period requested with respect thereto would end after the Revolving Maturity Date or the Term Loan Maturity Date, as applicable (f) The Delayed Draw Term Loans may be borrowed in up to ten (10) borrowings commencing on the Closing Date until the date that is the earlier of (x) eighteen (18) months after the Closing Date and (y) the date on which the Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitments are reduced to zero (the Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment Expiration Date ). The 2022 Incremental Delayed Draw Term Loans may be borrowed in up to ten (10) borrowings commencing on the First Amendment Effective Date until the date that is the earlier of (x) twenty four (24) months after the First Amendment Effective Date and (y) the date on which the 2022 Incremental Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitments are reduced to zero (the 2022 Incremental Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment Expiration Date ). Each Borrowing in respect thereof shall comprise an aggregate principal amount that is not less than 500,000. (g) The availability and funding of Delayed Draw Term Loans shall, to the extent used as contemplated by Section 5.07, be subject to customary SunGard conditionality provisions and limitations, including in a manner consistent with Section 4.01 . If the Borrower has made an LCA Election prior to the Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment Expiration Date with respect to any Permitted Acquisition or similar Investment (and related transactions) that the Borrower in good faith believes be consummated after the Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment Expiration Date, the associated Delayed Draw Term Loans may be funded into escrow on the Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment Expiration Date pending the consummation of such Permitted Acquisition or similar Investment (and related transactions), subject to terms and conditions reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent. Section 2.03 Borrowing Procedure . To request a Revolving Borrowing or Term Borrowing, the Borrower shall deliver, by hand delivery, email through a pdf copy or facsimile transmission (or transmit by other electronic transmission if arrangements for doing so have been approved in writing by the Administrative Agent), a duly completed and executed Borrowing Request to the Administrative Agent (i) in the case ofa SOFR Term Borrowing, not later than 12:00 p.m., New York City time, on the third Business Day before the date of the proposed Borrowing (or such later time as may be reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, in the case of any Borrowing), (ii) in the case ofan ABR Term Borrowing, not later than 4:00 p.m., New York City time, on the Business Day prior to the proposed Borrowing (or such later time on such Business Day as may be reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent) and (iii) in the case of any Revolving Borrowing, not later than 12:00 p.m., New York City time, on the fifth Business Day before the date of the proposed Borrowing (or such later time as may be reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent). Each Borrowing Request shall be irrevocable and shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.02 : (a) whether the requested Borrowing is to be a Borrowing of Revolving Loans or Term Loans; (b) the aggregate amount of such Borrowing; (c) the date of such Borrowing, which shall be a Business Day; (d) whether such Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing or a SOFR Borrowing; (e) in the case of a SOFR Borrowing, the initial Interest Period to be applicable thereto, which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term Interest Period (f) the location and number of the Borrower s account to which funds are to be disbursed; (g) that, in the case of a Revolving Borrowing, the conditions set forth in Section 4.02(b) - aad , Section 4.02(c) and Section 4.02(d) are satisfied as of the date of the notice and, in the case of a Delayed Draw Term Loan Borrowing, the conditions set forth in Section 4.03(b) , 4.03(c) and 4.03(d) (with supporting calculations demonstrating the satisfaction of the condition set forth in Section 4.03(d) attached thereto) are satisfied as of the date 
 53 

of the notice; and (h) a reasonably detailed description of the planned use of proceeds of such Borrowing (which use shall comply with Sections 3.11 and 5.08) . Ifno election as to the Type of Borrowing is specified, then the requested Borrowing shall be an ABR Borrowing. Ifno Interest Period is specified with respect to any requested SOFR Borrowing, then Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month s duration. Promptly following receipt of a Borrowing Request in accordance with this Section 2.03 , the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the details thereof and of the amount of such Lender s Loan to be made as part of the requested Borrowing. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Borrower shall not be entitled to request any Borrowing of Revolving Loans if, after giving pro forma effect to such Borrowing and the scheduled use of proceeds thereof, together with any other Borrowings and other scheduled use of cash and Cash Equivalents on hand, in each case, through the third Business Day after such Borrowing as determined in good faith by the Borrower, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries would have cash and Cash Equivalents maintained in the U.S. in an aggregate amount greater than 10,000,000. Section 2.04 Evidence of Debt; Repayment of Loans . (a) Borrower hereby unconditionally promises to pay to (i) the Administrative Agent for the account of each Term Loan Lender, the principal amount of each Term Loan of such Term Loan Lender as provided in Section 2.09 and (ii) the Administrative Agent for the account of each Revolving Lender, the then unpaid principal amount of each Revolving Loan of such Revolving Lender on the Revolving Maturity Date. (b) Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing the indebtedness of the Borrower to such Lender resulting from each Loan made by such Lender from time to time, including the amounts of principal and interest payable and paid to such Lender from time to time under this Agreement. (c) The Administrative Agent shall maintain the Register in which it will record (i) the amount of each Loan made hereunder, the Type and Class thereof and the Interest Period applicable thereto, (ii) the amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and payable from the Borrower to each Lender hereunder, and (iii) the amount of any sum received by the Administrative Agent hereunder for the account of the Lenders and each Lender s share thereof. (d) The entries made in the Register maintained pursuant to paragraph (c) above shall be conclusive evidence, absent manifest error, of the existence and amounts of the obligations therein recorded; provided that the failure of any Lender or the Administrative Agent to maintain such accounts or any error therein shall not in any manner affect the obligations of the Borrower and the other Loan Parties to pay, and perform, the Obligations in accordance with the Loan Documents. In the event of any conflict between the accounts and records maintained by any Lender and the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent in respect of such entries, the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent shall control in the absence of manifest error. (e) Any Lender by written notice to the Borrower (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) may request that Loans of any Class made by it be evidenced by a promissory note. In such event, the Borrower shall promptly (and, in all events, within seven Business Days of receipt of such written notice), execute and deliver to such Lender a promissory note payable to such Lender (or, if requested by such Lender, to such Lender and its registered assigns) in the form of Exhibit F-1, F-2, F-3 or F-4, as the case may be- Thereafter, the Loans evidenced by such promissory note and interest thereon shall at all times (including after assignment pursuant to Section 11.04) be represented by one or more promissory notes in such form payable to the payee named therein (or, if such promissory note is a registered note, to such payee and its registered assigns). 
 54 

Section 2.05 Fees . (a) Commitment Fee . Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Revolving Lender (other than a Defaulting Lender) a commitment fee (a Commitment Fee equal to 0.50 per annum of the average daily unused amount of each Revolving Commitment of such Revolving Lender during the period from and including the Closing Date to but excluding the date on which such Revolving Commitment terminates. Accrued Commitment Fees shall be payable in arrears (i) on the last Business Day of March, June, September and December of each year, commencing on the first such date to occur after the Closing Date, and (ii) on the date on which such Commitment terminates. Commitment Fees shall be computed on the basis ofa year of 360 days and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). For purposes of computing Commitment Fees, a Revolving Commitment of a Revolving Lender shall be deemed to be used to the extent of the outstanding Revolving Loans of such Lender (b) Delayed Draw Ticking Fee . The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender of any Class (other than any Defaulting Lender) a commitment fee (the Delayed Draw Ticking Fee ), which shall accrue at a rate per annum equal to the Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment Fee Rate applicable to the Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitments of such Class on the actual amount of the unused Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitments of such Class of such Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender calculated based upon the actual number of days elapsed over a 360-day year for the period from and including the Closing Date to the date on which such Lender s Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment of such Class terminates. Accrued commitment fees shall be payable in arrears on the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December for the quarterly period then ended and on the Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment Expiration Date. The Delayed Draw Ticking Fee shall be distributed to the Delayed Draw Term Loan Lenders pro rata in accordance with the amount of each such Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender s Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment. (c) Administrative Agent Fees . Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for its own account, the administrative fees set forth in the Agent Fee Letter or such other fees payable in the amounts and at the times separately agreed upon between Borrower and the Administrative Agent (the Administrative Agent Fees ). (d) Other Fees. (i) (d) Other Agent Fees . The Borrower agrees to pay the Agents, for their own account, fees payable in the amounts and at the times separately agreed upon between Borrower and the applicable Agents. (ii) Third Amendment Term Loan Effective Date PIK Fee. The Borrower shall pay the Third Amendment Term Loan Effective Date PIK Fee on the Third Amendment Effective Date in accordance with the Third Amendment. (iii) Third Amendment Term Loan Deferred Fee. The Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of each Consenting Term Lender, the Third Amendment Term Loan Deferred Fee in cash upon any occurrence of (A) any voluntary prepayment of the Term Loans, (B) any mandatory prepayment of the Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.10 (other than Section 2.10(e)), (C) any repayment of the Term Loans (other than scheduled amortization installment payments prior to the Term Loan Maturity Date pursuant to Section 2.09(a)) and (D) any acceleration of the Term Loans (including any automatic acceleration as a result of any Event of Default), in each case, in whole or in part; provided that (1) in the case of any acceleration, prepayment or repayment of the Term Loans in part, but not in whole, the amount of the Third Amendment Term Loan Deferred Fee then payable to each Consenting Term Lender shall be equal to its pro rata share of the applicable Partial Third Amendment Term Loan Deferred Fee Amount (with the remaining balance of the Total Third Amendment Term Loan Deferred Fee Amount (or the applicable portion thereof) due upon the occurrence of the next succeeding prepayment or repayment specified in the foregoing clauses (A) through (D)) and (2) in the case of any acceleration, prepayment or repayment of the Term Loans in 
 55 

full, the Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of each Consenting Term Lender, any unpaid amount of the Total Third Amendment Term Loan Deferred Fee Amount, such that the Third Amendment Term Loan Deferred Fee shall have been paid in full on the date of such acceleration, prepayment or repayment of the Term Loans. (iv) Third Amendment RCF Deferred Fee. The Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of each Consenting Revolving Lender, the Third Amendment RCF Deferred Fee in cash upon any acceleration or permanent reduction or termination of the Revolving Credit Commitments (including any automatic acceleration or termination as a result of any Event of Default), in each case, in whole or in part; provided that (A) in the case of any acceleration or permanent reduction or termination of the Revolving Commitments in part, but not in whole, the amount of the Third Amendment RCF Deferred Fee then payable to each Consenting Revolving Lender shall be equal to its pro rata share of the applicable Partial Third Amendment RCF Deferred Fee Amount (with the remaining balance of the Total Third Amendment RCF Deferred Fee Amount (or the applicable portion thereof) due upon the occurrence of the next succeeding reduction or termination) and (B) in the case of any acceleration, permanent reduction or termination of the Revolving Credit Commitments (including any automatic acceleration or termination as a result of any Event of Default) in full, the Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of each Consenting Revolving Lender, any unpaid amount of the Total Third Amendment RCF Deferred Fee Amount, such that the Third Amendment RCF Deferred Fee shall have been paid in full on the date of such acceleration, permanent reduction or termination of the Revolving Credit Commitments. (e) Payment of Fees . All Fees shall be paid on the dates due, in immediately available funds in Dollars, to the Administrative Agent for distribution, if and as appropriate, among the Lenders, except that the Borrower shall pay the Fees provided under Section 2.05(d) (i) directly to the Agents. Once paid, none of the Fees shall be refundable under any circumstances. Section 2.06 Interest on Loans . (a) Subject to the provisions of Section 2.06(c), the Loans comprising each ABR Borrowing shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Alternate Base Rate plus the Applicable Margin in effect from time to time. (b) Subject to the provisions of Section 2.06(c), (i) for any day prior to the Transition Date, as set forth in the Credit Agreement as in effect from time to time prior to the Second Amendment Effective Date and (ii) for any day from and including the Transition Date and thereafter, the Loans comprising each SOFR Borrowing shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to Adjusted Term SOFR for the Interest Period in effect for such Borrowing plus the Applicable Margin in effect from time to time. (c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) ov e rdu e effective immediately upon the occurrence of any Event of Default under Section 8.01(a), (b), (g) or (h), (x) all principal and, to the extent permitted under applicable law, interest in respect of the Loans shall bear interest, after as well as before judgment, at a rate per annum equal to the rate which is 2 in excess of the non-default rate applicable to the respective Loans from time to time and (y) all other ov e rdu e amounts owing under the Loan Documents shall bear interest, after as well as before judgment, at a rate per annum equal to the rate which is 2 in excess of the non-default rate then applicable to ABR Loans from time to time (the Default Rate ). (d) Accrued interest on each Loan shall be payable in cash (except as expressly set forth in Section 2.06(f) with respect to interest on the Term Loans attributable to the PIK Rate) in arrears on each Interest Payment Date for such Loan; provided that (i) interest accrued pursuant to Section 2.06(c) shall be payable on demand, (ii) in the event of any repayment or prepayment of any Loan (other than a prepayment of an ABR Revolving Loan), accrued interest on the principal amount repaid or prepaid shall be payable on the date of such repayment or prepayment and (iii) in the event of any conversion of any Term SOFR Loan prior to the end of the current Interest Period therefor, 
 56 

accrued interest on such Loan shall be payable on the effective date of such conversion. (e) All per annum interest hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days, except that interest computed by reference to the Alternate Base Rate shall be computed on the basis of a year of 365 days (or 366 days in a leap year), and in each case shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). The applicable Alternate Base Rate or Adjusted Term SOFR shall be determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement and such determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error. (f) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, and solely with respect to the Term Loans, a portion of the interest on each Term Loan attributable to the PIK Rate due and payable on each Interest Payment shall be payable in kind, with such interest amount being added to, and made part of, the outstanding principal amount of the Term Loans for all purposes hereof (including with respect to the accrual of interest thereon at the rates applicable to such Term Loan under this Agreement) on each Interest Payment Date (all interest that will be or has been paid in kind pursuant to this Agreement, PIK Interest provided that the Borrower may elect for any Interest Payment Date, by delivering written notice to the Administrative Agent of its election at least five (5) Business Days prior to such Interest Payment Date, to pay such portion of the interest on each Term Loan attributable to the PIK Rate in cash and, thereafter, all interest payable on the Term Loans shall be payable solely in cash. Unless the context otherwise requires, for all purposes under this Agreement, references to the principal and the principal amount of any Term Loans include any increase in the principal amount thereof due to the addition of PIK Interest thereto pursuant to this Section 2.06(f) and the Third Amendment Term Loan Effective Date PIK Fee. Section 2.07 Termination and Reduction of Commitments . (a) Unless previously terminated, the Initial Term Loan Commitments in effect on the Closing Date shall automatically terminate upon the funding of the Initial Term Loans on the Closing Date and the Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitments shall automatically terminate (i) in the event a Delayed Draw Term Loan is funded, upon the making of such Delayed Draw Term Loan in a corresponding amount and (B) in any event, on the Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment Expiration Date. The 2022 Incremental Term Loan Commitments in effect on the First Amendment Effective Date shall automatically terminate upon the funding of the 2022 Incremental Term Loans on the First Amendment Effective Date. Subject to the provisions of clause (b) below, the Revolving Commitments shall automatically terminate on the Revolving Maturity Date. (b) At its option, the Borrower may at any time terminate, or from time to time permanently reduce, the Commitments of any Class (other than Delayed Draw Term Loans, which may be reduced or terminated as provided in Section 2.07(d) below); provided that (i) each reduction of the Commitments of any Class (other than Delayed Draw Term Loans) shall be in an amount that is an integral multiple of 250,000 and not less than 500,000 and (ii) the Revolving Commitments shall not be terminated or reduced if, after giving effect to any concurrent prepayment of the Revolving Loans in accordance with Section 2.10, the aggregate amount of Revolving Exposures would exceed the aggregate amount of Revolving Commitments. (c) The Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent in writing of any election to terminate or reduce the Commitments under Section 2.07(b) at least three Business Days prior to the effective date of such termination or reduction (which effective date shall be a Business Day), specifying such election and the effective date thereof. Promptly following receipt of any such notice, the Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders of the contents thereof. Each notice delivered by Borrower pursuant to this Section 2.07(c) shall be irrevocable; provided, that a notice of termination of the Commitments delivered by Borrower may state that such notice is conditioned upon the effectiveness of any other credit facilities, the closing of a securities offering or other refinancing of the Facilities, in which case, such notice may be revoked by Borrower (by written notice to the Administrative Agent during normal business hours on the Business Day prior to the specified effective date of such termination) if such condition is not satisfied and the Borrower shall pay any amounts due under Section 2.13, if any, in connection with any such revocation. With respect to the effectiveness of any such other credit facilities, the closing of any such securities 
 57 

offering, the Borrower may, subject to paying any amounts due under Section 2.13 with respect to such proposed extension, extend the date of termination to a Business Day occurring within three Business Days of the then effective termination date at any time during normal business hours prior to the then effective termination date with the consent of the Administrative Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned). Any termination or reduction of the Commitments of any Class shall be permanent. Each reduction of the Commitments of any Class shall be made ratably among the Lenders in accordance with their respective Commitments of such Class. (d) Upon delivering the notice required by Section 2.07(e), the Borrower may at any time terminate or from time to time reduce the Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitments of any Class; provided that each reduction of the Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitments of any Class shall be in an amount that is an integral multiple of 1,000,000 or if less, the remaining amount thereof. (e) The Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of any election to terminate or reduce the Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment, as applicable, under Section 2.07(d) in writing at least three (3) Business Days prior to the effective date of such termination or reduction (or such later date to which the Administrative Agent may agree), specifying such election and the effective date thereof. Promptly following receipt of any notice, the Administrative Agent shall advise each applicable Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender of the contents thereof. Each notice delivered by the Borrower pursuant to this Section 2.07(e) shall be irrevocable; provided that any such notice may state that it is conditioned upon the effectiveness of other transactions or contingencies, in which case such notice may be revoked by the Borrower (by notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the specified effective date) if such condition is not satisfied. Any effective termination or reduction of any Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment pursuant to this Section 2.07(e) shall be permanent. Upon any reduction of any Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment, the Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment of each Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender of the relevant Class shall be reduced by such Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender s applicable Pro Rata Percentage of such reduction amount. Section 2.08 Interest Elections . (a) Each Revolving Borrowing and Term Borrowing initially shall be of the Type specified in the applicable Borrowing Request and, in the case of a SOFR Borrowing, shall have an initial Interest Period as specified in such Borrowing Request. Thereafter, the Borrower may elect to convert such Borrowing to a different Type or to continue such Borrowing and, in the case of a SOFR Borrowing, may elect Interest Periods therefor, all as provided in this Section 2.07(c) . Borrower may elect different options with respect to different portions of the affected Borrowing, in which case each such portion shall be allocated ratably among the Lenders holding the Loans comprising such Borrowing, and the Loans comprising each such portion shall be considered a separate Borrowing. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Borrower shall not be entitled to request any conversion or continuation that, if made, would result in more than ten SOFR Borrowings outstanding hereunder at any one time. (b) To make an election pursuant to this Section 2.07(c), the Borrower shall deliver, by hand delivery, email through a pdf copy or facsimile transmission (or transmit by other electronic transmission if arrangements for doing so have been approved in writing by the Administrative Agent), a duly completed and executed Interest Election Request to the Administrative Agent not later than the time that a Borrowing Request would be required under Section 2.03 if the Borrower were requesting a Revolving Borrowing or Term Borrowing the Type resulting from such election to be made on the effective date of such election. Each Interest Election Request shall be irrevocable. (c) Each Interest Election Request shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.02 : (i) the Borrowing to which such Interest Election Request applies and, if different options are being elected with respect to different portions thereof, or if outstanding Borrowings are being combined, allocation to each resulting Borrowing (in which case the information to be specified pursuant to clauses (iii) and (iv) below shall be specified for each resulting Borrowing); 
 58 

(ii) the effective date of the election made pursuant to such Interest Election Request, which shall be a Business Day; (iii) whether the resulting Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing or a SOFR Borrowing; and (iv) if the resulting Borrowing is a SOFR Borrowing, the Interest Period to be applicable thereto after giving effect to such election, which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term Interest Period. If any such Interest Election Request requests a SOFR Borrowing but does not specify an Interest Period, then Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month s duration. (d) Promptly following receipt of an Interest Election Request, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the details thereof and of such Lender s portion of each resulting Borrowing. (e) If an Interest Election Request with respect to a SOFR Borrowing is not timely delivered prior to the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto, then, unless such Borrowing is repaid as provided herein, at the end of such Interest Period such Borrowing shall be converted to an ABR Borrowing. Notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Administrative Agent, at the direction of the Required Lenders, may require, by notice to the Borrower, that (i) no outstanding Borrowing may be converted to or continued, after any then-applicable Interest Period, as a SOFR Borrowing and (ii) unless repaid, each SOFR Borrowing shall be converted to an ABR Borrowing at the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto. Section 2.09 Amortization of Term Borrowing . (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the Term Loan Lenders, on the dates set forth on Annex I, or if any such date is not a Business Day, on the immediately following Business Day (each such date, a Term Loan Repayment Date ), a principal amount of the Term Loans equal to the amount set forth on Annex I for such date (as adjusted from time to time in connection with any prepayment pursuant to Section 2.10 (g) and in connection with any additional Term Loans made pursuant to Section 2.19 ), together in each case with accrued and unpaid interest on the principal amount to be paid to but excluding the date of such payment. (b) To the extent not previously paid, all Term Loans shall be due and payable on the applicable Term Loan Maturity Date. Section 2.10 Optional and Mandatory Prepayments of Loans . (a) Optional Prepayments . The Borrower shall have the right at any time and from time to time to prepay any Borrowing, in whole or in part, or to permanently reduce any portion of the Commitment, subject to any reimbursement required under Section 2.13 and the requirements of this Section 2.10 ; provided that each optional partial prepayment or permanent reduction in any Commitment shall be in an amount that is an integral multiple of 250,000 and not less than 500,000 or, if less, the outstanding principal amount of such Borrowing. (b) Revolving Loan Prepayments . (i) In the event of the termination of all the Revolving Commitments, the Borrower shall, on the date of such termination, repay or prepay all its outstanding Revolving Borrowings. (ii) In the event of any partial reduction of the unutilized portion of Revolving Commitments, then (x) at or prior to the effective date of such reduction, the Administrative Agent shall notify Borrower and the Revolving Lenders of the sum of the Revolving Exposures after giving effect thereto and (y) if the sum of the Revolving Exposures would exceed the aggregate amount of Revolving Commitments after giving effect to such reduction, then Borrower shall, on the date of such reduction, repay or prepay 
 59 

Revolving Borrowings in an aggregate amount sufficient to eliminate such excess. (iii) In the event that the sum of all Lenders Revolving Exposures exceeds the Revolving Commitments then in effect, the Borrower shall, without notice or demand, immediately repay or prepay Revolving Borrowings in an aggregate amount sufficient to eliminate such excess. (iv) In the event that, as of the last day of any calendar month (each such date, a Measurement Date ), (x) the aggregate amount of cash and Cash Equivalents of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries maintained in the U.S. as of such Measurement Date, after giving pro forma effect to any Borrowings, the scheduled use of proceeds thereof and any other scheduled use of cash and Cash Equivalents on hand, in each case, through the third Business Day after such Measurement Date as determined in good faith by the Borrower, exceeds 10,000,000 and (y) there are Revolving Loans outstanding, then the Borrower shall promptly (but in any event not more than two Business Days after the applicable Measurement Date) prepay the Revolving Loans in such an amount equal to the lesser of (A) the then outstanding amount of the Revolving Loans and (B) the amount of such excess. (c) Asset Sales and Casualty Events . Not later than five (5) Business Days following the receipt by any Company of any Net Cash Proceeds of any Asset Sale or Casualty Event, the Borrower shall apply 100 of such Net Cash Proceeds to make prepayments in accordance with Sections 2.10( f h and g i ; provided that: (i) no such prepayment shall be required under this clause (c) to the extent the aggregate Net Cash Proceeds of all Asset Sales and Casualty Events , Ass e t Sal e s or s e ri e s of related Asset Sales taken together do not result in more than 1,000,000 in any fiscal year (the Asset Disposition Threshold and th e ), it being understood that once Net Cash Proceeds in excess of the Asset Disposition Threshold , the Exc ess have been received in any fiscal year, then all such Net Cash Proceeds (including amounts not in excess of the Asset Disposition Threshold) received in such fiscal year shall be subject to prepayment under this clause (c ; (ii) such Exc e ss Net Cash Proceeds shall not be required to be so applied on such date to the extent that the Borrower shall have delivered an Officers Certificate to the Administrative Agent on or prior to such date stating that such Exc e ss Net Cash Proceeds are expected to be reinvested in assets used or useful in the business (other than ordinary course current assets and excluding, in any event, any Investments and non-maintenance Capital Expenditures of the Borrower and the other Loan Parties within 365 days following the date of such Casualty Event or Asset Sale (which Officers Certificate shall set forth the estimates of the proceeds to be so expended); provided , that if the Property subject to such Casualty Event or Asset Sale constituted Collateral, then all Property purchased or otherwise acquired with the Exc e ss Net Cash Proceeds thereof pursuant to this subsection shall be made subject to the first priority perfected Lien of the applicable Security Documents in favor of the Collateral Agent, for its benefit and for the benefit of the other Secured Parties to th e e xt e nt r e quir e d by S e ctions 5.10 and 5.11 ; and (iii) if all or any portion of such Exc e ss Net Cash Proceeds permitted to be reinvested pursuant to clause (ii) above is not contractually committed to be so reinvested within such 365-day period (and actually reinvested within 180 days after such contractual commitment was entered into), such unused portion shall be applied on the last day of such period as a mandatory prepayment as provided in this Section 2.10(c) ; . (d) Debt Issuance . Not later than five (5) Business Days following the receipt of any Net Cash Proceeds of any Debt Issuance by any Company (other than Indebtedness permitted by this Agreement (other than Indebtedness pursuant to Section 2.21 to refinance all or a portion of the Term Loans or New Term Loans)), the Borrower shall make prepayments in accordance with Sections 2.10( f h and g i in an aggregate principal amount equal to 100 of such Net Cash Proceeds. (e) Excess Cash Flow . No later than five (5) Business Days after the date on which the audited 
 60 

financial statements with respect to such fiscal year in which such Excess Cash Flow Period occurs are required to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) (for the avoidance of doubt, commencing with the fiscal year of the Borrower after the Closing Date ending on September 30, 2024 , the Borrower shall make prepayments in accordance with Sections 2.10( f h and g i ), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the following percentage of Excess Cash Flow for the Excess Cash Flow Period then ended based on the Secured Leverage Ratio at the end of such Excess Cash Flow Period then ended : Secured Leverage Ratio 

 Percentage of Excess Cash Flow 

 Greater than 22 5 3.50 :1.00 

 50 75 

25 Greater ifian 1.75:1.00 u ut l e ss than or e qual to 2.25:1.00 

 Less than or equal to 175 3.50 :1.00 

 0 50 

(f) Extraordinary Receipts. Not later than five (5) Business Days following the receipt by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries of Extraordinary Receipts in an aggregate amount in excess of 2,500,000 in any fiscal year, the Borrower shall apply 100 of such Extraordinary Receipts (in excess of such threshold) to make prepayments in accordance with Sections 2.10(h) and (i); provided that: (i) the Net Cash Proceeds of Specified Extraordinary Receipts shall not be required to be so applied on such date to the extent that the Borrower shall have delivered an Officers Certificate to the Administrative Agent on or prior to such date stating that such Net Cash Proceeds are expected to be reinvested in assets used or useful in the business (other than ordinary course current assets and excluding, in any event, any Investments and non-maintenance Capital Expenditures) of the Borrower and the other Loan Parties within 365 days following the date of receipt of such Extraordinary Receipts (which Officers Certificate shall set forth the estimates of the proceeds to be so expended); provided that all Property purchased or otherwise acquired with the Net Cash Proceeds thereof pursuant to this subsection shall be made subject to the first priority perfected Lien of the applicable Security Documents in favor of the Collateral Agent , for its benefit and for the benefit of the other Secured Parties; and (ii) if all or any portion of such Net Cash Proceeds permitted to be reinvested pursuant to clause (i) above is not contractually committed to be so reinvested within such 365-day period (and actually reinvested within 180 days after such contractual commitment was entered into), such unused portion shall be applied on the last day of such period as a mandatory prepayment as provided in this Section 2.10(f). (g) Cure Amount. Not later than one (1) Business Day following the receipt by the Borrower ofany Cure Amount, the Borrower shall apply 100 of such Cure Amount to make prepayments in accordance with Sections 2.10(h) and (i). (h) (f)- Application of Prepayments . (i) Mandatory Prepayments . Except as may be set forth in any Incremental Loan Amendment, any Extension Amendment or any Refinancing Amendment, all amounts required to be paid pursuant to Sections 2.10(c), 2.10(d) - aad , 2.10(e) , 2.10(f) and 2.10(g) shall be applied (x) first , pro rata to the outstanding Revolving Loans of each Class (without a permanent reduction of the corresponding Revolving Commitments) and (y) second , pro rata to the outstanding Term Loans of each Class (or, in the case of the incurrence of Credit Agr ee m e nt Refinancing Ind e bt e dn e ss Term Loans , to the Term Loans of the 
 61 

Class or Classes to be refinanced with the proceeds of such Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness Term Loans , and to the remaining unpaid amortization payments required under Section 2.09 thereof as directed by the Borrower at the time of the respective prepayment (or, in the absence of such direction, in direct order of maturity to the remaining unpaid amortization payments required under Section 2.09) . (j) Optional Prepayments . Except as may be set forth in any Incremental Loan Amendment, any Extension Amendment or any Refinancing Amendment, all amounts applied to the voluntary prepayment of any Term Loan Loans pursuant to Section 2.10(a) shall be applied pro rata to the outstanding Term Loans of each Class, and to the remaining unpaid amortization payments required under Section 2.09 thereof as directed by the Borrower at the time of the respective prepayment (or, in the absence of such direction, in direct order of maturity to the remaining unpaid amortization payments required under Section 2.09 ). (k) i) Within the parameters of the applications set forth above, prepayments shall be applied first to ABR Loans and then to Term SOFR Loans in direct order of Interest Period maturities. All prepayments of Term SOFR Loans under this Section 2.10( f h shall be subject to Section 2.13 . (i) (g) Notice of Prepayment . Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent by written notice of any prepayment hereunder (i) in the case of prepayment of a SOFR Borrowing, not later than Noon, New York City time, on the third Business Day before the date of prepayment (or such later time as may be agreed to by Administrative Agent in its sole discretion) and (ii) in the case of prepayment ofan ABR Borrowing, not later than Noon, New York City time, one Business Day before the date of prepayment (or such later time as may be agreed to by Administrative Agent in its sole discretion). Each such notice shall be irrevocable, provided that, ifa notice of prepayment is given in connection with a conditional notice of termination of the Commitments as contemplated by Section 2.07, then such notice of prepayment may be revoked or extended if such termination is revoked or extended in accordance with Section 2.07 . Each such notice shall specify the prepayment date, the principal amount of each Borrowing or portion thereof to be prepaid and, in the case of a mandatory prepayment, a reasonably detailed calculation of the amount of such prepayment. Promptly following receipt of any such notice, the Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders of the contents thereof. Such notice to the Lenders may be by electronic communication. Each partial prepayment of any Borrowing shall be in an amount that would be permitted in the case of a Borrowing of the same Type as provided in Section 2.02, except as necessary to apply fully the required amount of a mandatory prepayment. Each prepayment of a Borrowing shall be applied ratably to the Loans included in the prepaid Borrowing and otherwise in accordance with this Section 2.10 . Prepayments shall be accompanied by accrued interest to the extent required by Section 2.06 . (j) (h Waiver of Mandatory Prepayments . Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.10, (i) in the case of any mandatory prepayment of the Term Loans, Term Loan Lenders, as applicable, may waive by written notice to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or before the date on which such mandatory prepayment would otherwise be required to be made hereunder the right to receive the amount of such mandatory prepayment of the Term Loans, as applicable, (ii) any amounts not applied to the prepayment of Term Loans, as applicable, shall be applied instead to the prepayment of outstanding Revolving Loans (but without any corresponding reduction in Revolving Commitments and (iii) so long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, to the extent there are any prepayment amounts remaining after the foregoing application, such amounts shall be paid promptly by the Administrative Agent to the Borrower. (k) (f)- Loan Call Protection . In the event that, prior to the second anniversary of the Closing Date, (i) the Borrower makes any prepayment or repayment of Initial Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.10(a), 2.10(c) and 2.10(d), (ii) the Borrower makes any prepayment or repayment of Initial Term Loans in whole or in part following a Change in Control or an acceleration of the Initial Term Loans (with the date of such prepayment or repayment, for purposes of calculating the payment required pursuant to this Section 2.10( i k ), to be deemed to be the date on which such Change in Control or acceleration of the Initial Term Loans occurs) or (iii) the Borrower replaces any Lender in accordance with Section 2.16(b)(iv), in each case, the Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent, for the ratable account of each of the Lenders holding Initial Term Loans (including any Lender that is replaced 
 62 

pursuant to Section 2.16(b)(iv)) , a premium equal to (x) if such event occurs prior to the first anniversary of the Closing Date, 2.00 and (y) if such event occurs on or after the first anniversary but prior to the second anniversary of the Closing Date, 1.00 of the aggregate principal amount of the Initial Term Loans being prepaid or repaid (or mandatorily assigned) (such premiums, the Prepayment Premium ). Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that if the Initial Term Loans are accelerated or otherwise become due prior to the Term Loan Maturity Date, in each case, in respect of any Event of Default (including upon the occurrence of an Event of Default under Section 8.01(g) or 8.01(h) (including the acceleration of claims by operation of law)), any Prepayment Premium that would otherwise be applicable with respect to a prepayment of the Initial Term Loans at such time pursuant to Section 2.10(a) will also be due and payable on the date of such acceleration or such other prior due date as though the Initial Term Loans were voluntarily prepaid as of such date and shall constitute part of the S e nior Cr e dit Obligations, in view of the impracticability and extreme difficulty of ascertaining actual damages and by mutual agreement of the parties as to a reasonable calculation of each Lender s loss as a result thereof. Any premium payable above shall be presumed to be the liquidated damages sustained by each Lender and the Borrower agrees that it is reasonable under the circumstances currently existing. THE BORROWER EXPRESSLY WAIVES (TO THE FULLEST EXTENT IT MAY LAWFULLY DO SO) THE PROVISIONS OF ANY PRESENT OR FUTURE STATUTE OR LAW THAT PROHIBITS OR MAY PROHIBIT THE COLLECTION OF THE PREPAYMENT PREMIUM IN CONNECTION WITH ANY SUCH ACCELERATION. The Borrower expressly agrees (to the fullest extent it may lawfully do so) that: (A) the Prepayment Premium is reasonable and is the product of an arm s length transaction between sophisticated business people, ably represented by counsel; (B) the Prepayment Premium shall be payable notwithstanding the then prevailing market rates at the time payment is made; (C) there has been a course of conduct between the Lenders and the Borrower giving specific consideration in this transaction for such agreement to pay the Prepayment Premium; and (D) the Borrower shall be estopped hereafter from claiming differently than as agreed to in this paragraph. It is understood and agreed that any accrued and unpaid PIK Amounts that have been capitalized and added to the principal amount of the Initial Term Loans prior to such date of repayment or prepayment shall constitute Initial Term Loans subject to the Prepayment Premium. (l) (j) Foreign Subsidiary Restrictions . Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Section 2.10, (A) to the extent that any or all of the Net Cash Proceeds of any Asset Sale or Casualty Event by a Foreign Subsidiary or the portion of Excess Cash Flow for any Excess Cash Flow Period attributable to a Foreign Subsidiary are prohibited, restricted or delayed from being repatriated to the United States, or such repatriation or prepayment would present a material risk of liability for the applicable Foreign Subsidiary or its directors or officers (or would give rise to a material risk of breach of fiduciary or statutory duties by any director or officer), the Borrower shall not be required to make a prepayment at the time provided in this Section 2.10 with respect to such affected amounts, and instead, such amounts may be retained by the applicable Foreign Subsidiary (the Borrower hereby agreeing to use commercially reasonable efforts to otherwise cause the applicable Foreign Subsidiary following the date on which the respective payment would otherwise have been required, promptly to take all actions reasonably required by the applicable local Law or other impediment to permit such repatriation), and if following the date on which the respective payment would otherwise have been required, such repatriation of any of such Net Cash Proceeds or Excess Cash Flow is permitted under the applicable local Law or other impediment (or is otherwise received by the Borrower or a Subsidiary Guarantor), such repatriation will be promptly effected and such repatriated Net Cash Proceeds or Excess Cash Flow will be promptly (and in any event not later than three (3) Business Days after such repatriation could be made) applied (whether or not repatriation actually occurs) to the repayment of the Term Loans pursuant to this Section 2.10 to the extent provided herein and (B) to the extent that the Borrower has determined in good faith that repatriation of any ofor all Net Cash Proceeds or Excess Cash Flow could reasonably be expected to have an adverse Tax consequence that is not de minimis (taking into account any foreign tax credit or benefit actually realized in connection with such repatriation) with respect to such Net Cash Proceeds or Excess Cash Flow, the Net Cash Proceeds or Excess Cash Flow so affected may be retained by the applicable Foreign Subsidiary; provided that, in the case of this clause (B), on or before the date that is twelve months after the date on which any Net Cash Proceeds or Excess Cash Flow so retained would otherwise have been required to be applied to prepayments pursuant to this Section 2.10 (e) , the Borrower shall apply an amount equal to such Net Cash Proceeds or Excess Cash Flow to such prepayments as if such Net Cash Proceeds or Excess Cash Flow had been received by the Borrower rather than a Foreign Subsidiary, less the amount of additional Taxes that would have been payable or reserved against if such Net Cash Proceeds or Excess 
 63 

Cash Flow had been repatriated. Section 2.11 Alternate Rate of Interest . (a) If prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for a Borrowing: (i) the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining Adjusted Term SOFR for a Loan or for the applicable Interest Period; or (ii) the Administrative Agent is advised by the Required Lenders that Adjusted Term SOFR for a Loan or for the applicable Interest Period will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of making or maintaining their Loans included in such Borrowing for such Interest Period; then the Administrative Agent shall give notice thereof to the Borrower and the Lenders by telephone or telecopy as promptly as practicable thereafter and, until the Administrative Agent (upon the instruction of the Required Lenders in the case of clause (ii) above) notifies the Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist, (x) any Interest Election Request that requests the conversion of any Borrowing to, or continuation of any Borrowing as, a SOFR Borrowing shall be ineffective and the Loans shall be converted to an ABR Borrowing and (y) if any borrowing r e qu e st Borrowing Request requests a SOFR Borrowing, such Borrowing shall be made as an ABR Borrowing. (b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any other Loan Documents, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error), or the Borrower or Required Lenders notify the Administrative Agent (with, in the case of the Required Lenders, a copy to Borrower) that the Borrower or Required Lenders (as applicable) have determined, that: (i) adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining Term SOFR for any requested Interest Period, including, without limitation, because the SOFR Screen Rate is not available or published on a current basis and such circumstances are unlikely to be temporary, (ii) the administrator of the SOFR Screen Rate or a Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the Administrative Agent has made a public statement identifying a specific date after which SOFR or the SOFR Screen Rate shall no longer be made available, or used for determining the interest rate of loans (such specific date, the Scheduled Unavailability Date ), or (iii) syndicated loans currently being executed, or that include language similar to that contained in this Section 2.11, are being executed or amended (as applicable) to incorporate or adopt a new benchmark interest rate to replace SOFR, then, reasonably promptly after such determination by the Administrative Agent or receipt by the Administrative Agent of such notice, as applicable, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower may amend this Agreement to replace SOFR with an alternate benchmark rate (including any mathematical or other adjustments to the benchmark (if any) incorporated therein), giving due consideration to any evolving or then existing convention for similar U.S. dollar denominated syndicated credit facilities for such alternative benchmarks (any such proposed rate, a SOFR Successor Rate ), together with any proposed SOFR Successor Rate Conforming Changes, and any such amendment shall become effective at 5:00 p.m. (New York time) on the fifth Business Day after the Administrative Agent shall have posted such proposed amendment to all Lenders and the Borrower unless, prior to such time, Lenders comprising the Required Lenders have delivered to the Administrative Agent written notice that such Required Lenders do not accept such amendment. Ifno SOFR Successor Rate has been determined and the circumstances under clause (b)(i) above exist or the Scheduled Unavailability Date has occurred (as applicable), the Administrative Agent will promptly so notify the Borrower and each Lender. Thereafter, (x) the obligation of the Lenders to make or maintain Term SOFR Loans shall 
 64 

be suspended (to the extent of the affected Term SOFR Loans or Interest Periods), and (y) the SOFR component shall no longer be utilized in determining the Alternate Base Rate. Upon receipt of such notice, the Borrower may revoke any pending request for a Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Term SOFR Loans (to the extent of the affected Term SOFR Loans or Interest Periods) or, failing that, will be deemed to have converted such request into a request for a Borrowing of ABR Loans (subject to the foregoing clause (y)) in the amount specified therein. Notwithstanding anything else herein, any definition of SOFR Successor Rate shall provide that in no event shall such SOFR Successor Rate be less than the Floor for purposes of this Agreement. Section 2.12 Increased Costs; Change in Legality . (a) . (a)- If any Change in Law shall: (i) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit or similar requirement against Property of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended by, any Lender; (ii) subject the Administrative Agent, any Lender or such other Recipient to any Taxes (other than (x) Excluded Taxes and (y) Indemnified Taxes that are covered by Section 2.15) on or with respect to its Loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable to any Loan or Commitment; or (iii) impose on any Lender any other condition, cost or expense affecting this Agreement or Term SOFR Loans made by such Lender therein; and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to the Administrative Agent, such Lender or such other Recipient of making or maintaining any Loan (or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan) or to increase the cost to the Administrative Agent, such Lender or such Lender s holding company, if any, to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by the Administrative Agent, such Lender or such other Recipient hereunder (whether of principal, interest or otherwise), then Borrower will pay to the Administrative Agent, such Lender or such other Recipient, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate the Administrative Agent, such Lender or such other Recipient, as the case may be, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered; provided that the foregoing shall not apply to any such costs incurred more than 270 days prior to the date on which Borrower receives a certificate in regard thereto provided , further , that the foregoing limitation shall not apply to any such costs arising out of the retroactive application of any Change in Law), as provided in subsection (c) below. The protection of this Section 2.12 shall be available to each Lender regardless of any possible contention of the invalidity or inapplicability of the Change in Law that shall have occurred or been imposed. (b) If any Lender determines (in good faith in its reasonable discretion) that any Change in Law regarding Capital Requirements or liquidity has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender s capital or on the capital of such Lender s holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement, the Commitment of such Lender or the Loans made by such Lender to a level below that which such Lender or such Lender s holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lender s policies and the policies of such Lender s holding company with respect to capital adequacy), then from time to time Borrower will pay to such Lender such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such Lender s holding company, for any such reduction suffered; provided that the foregoing shall not apply to any such costs incurred more than 270 days prior to the date on which Borrower receives a certificate in regard thereto provided , further , that the foregoing limitation shall not apply to any such costs arising out of the retroactive application of any Change in Law), as provided in subsection (c) below. (c) A certificate of a Lender setting forth in reasonable detail the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section 2.12 shall be delivered to the Borrower (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) and shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error. Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within ten (10) Business Days after receipt thereof. 
 65 

(d) Failure or delay on the part of any Lender to demand compensation pursuant to this Section 2.12 shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender s right to demand such compensation, except as otherwise expressly provided in subsection (a) and (b) above. (e) If any Lender determines in good faith in its reasonable discretion that any Change in Law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for any Lender to make, maintain or fund Term SOFR Loans, or to determine or charge interest rates based upon Adjusted Term SOFR, or any Gov e rnm e ntal Authority has impos e d mat e rial r e strictions (other than such restrictions which are compensated for comprehensively under Section 2.12(a)) on the authority of such L e nd e r to purchas e or s e ll, or to tak e d e posits of, Dollars in th e London int e rbank market, then, on written notice thereof by such Lender to the Borrower through the Administrative Agent, any obligation of such Lender to make or continue Term SOFR Loans or to convert ABR Loans to Term SOFR Loans or, if such notice relates to the unlawfulness or asserted unlawfulness of charging interest based on Adjusted Term SOFR, to make ABR Loans as to which the interest rate is determined with reference to Adjusted Term SOFR shall be suspended until such Lender notifies in writing the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer exist. Upon receipt of such notice, the Borrower shall, within three Business Days after demand from such Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), prepay or, if applicable, convert all Term SOFR Loans of such Lender and ABR Loans asto which the interest rate is determined with reference to Adjusted Term SOFR to ABR Loans as to which the rate of interest is not determined with reference to Adjusted Term SOFR, either on the last day of the Interest Period therefor, if such Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such Term SOFR Loans to such day, or immediately, if such Lender may not lawfully continue to maintain such Term SOFR Loans or a ABR Loan as to which the interest rate is determined with reference to Adjusted Term SOFR. Notwithstanding the foregoing and despite the illegality for such a Lender to make, maintain or fund Term SOFR Loans or ABR Loans as to which the interest rate is determined with reference to Adjusted Term SOFR, that Lender shall remain committed to make ABR Loans as to which the rate of interest is not determined with reference to Adjusted Term SOFR and shall be entitled to recover interest at such Alternate Base Rate. Upon any such prepayment or conversion, the Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so prepaid or converted. (f) For purposes of paragraph (e) of this Section 2.12 , a written notice to the Borrower by any Lender shall be effective as to each Term SOFR Loan made by such Lender, if lawful, on the last day of the Interest Period then applicable to such Term SOFR Loan; in all other cases such notice shall be effective on the date of receipt by Borrower. Section 2.13 Breakage Payments . In the event of (a) the payment or prepayment, whether optional or mandatory, of any principal of any Term SOFR Loan earlier than the last day of an Interest Period applicable thereto (including as a result of an Event of Default), (b) the conversion of any Term SOFR Loan earlier than the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto, to the extent thereof, (c) the failure to borrow, convert, continue or prepay any Revolving Loan or Term Loan on the date specified in any notice delivered pursuant hereto, to the extent thereof, or (d) the assignment of any Term SOFR Loan earlier than the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto as a result of a request by Borrower pursuant to Section 2.16, to the extent thereof, then, in any such event, the Borrower shall compensate each Lender for the loss, cost and expense attributable to such event. In the case ofa Term SOFR Loan, such loss, cost or expense to any Lender shall be deemed to include an amount reasonably determined by such Lender in good faith to be the excess, if any, of (i) the amount of interest which would have accrued on the principal amount of such Loan had such event not occurred, at Adjusted Term SOFR that would have been applicable to such Loan, for the period from the date of such event to the last day of the then current Interest Period therefor (or, in the case ofa failure to borrow, convert or continue, for the period that would have been the Interest Period for such Loan), in excess of (ii) the amount of interest which would accrue on such principal amount for such period at the interest rate which such Lender would bid were it to bid, at the commencement of such period, for Dollar deposits of a comparable amount and period from other banks in the U.S. market. A certificate of any Lender setting forth in reasonable detail any amount or amounts that such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section 2.13 shall be delivered to the Borrower (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) and shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error. Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within seven Business Days after receipt thereof. 
 66 

Notwithstanding any of the other provisions of this Section 2.13, so long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, if any prepayment of Term SOFR Loans is required to be made under Section 2.10 prior to the last day of the Interest Period therefor, in lieu of making any payment pursuant to Section 2.10 in respect of any such Term SOFR Loan prior to the last day of the Interest Period therefor, the Borrower may, in its sole discretion, deposit with the Administrative Agent the amount of any such prepayment otherwise required to be made hereunder until the last day of such Interest Period, at which time the Administrative Agent shall be authorized (without any further action by or notice to or from the Borrower or any other Loan Party) to apply such amount to the prepayment of such Loans in accordance with Section 2.10 . Such deposit shall constitute cash collateral for the Term SOFR Loans to be so prepaid, provided that the Borrower may at any time direct that such deposit be applied to make the applicable payment required pursuant to Section 2.10 . Section 2.14 Payments Generally; Pro Rata Treatment; Sharing of Setoffs . (a) (a) The Borrower shall make each payment required to be made by it hereunder or under any other Loan Document (whether of principal, interest or fees, or of amounts payable under Section 2.12, 2.13 or 2.15, or otherwise) on or before the time expressly required hereunder or under such other Loan Document for such payment (or, if no such time is expressly required, prior to 2:00 p.m., New York City time), on the date when due, in immediately available funds, without setoff, deduction or counterclaim. Any amounts received after such time on any date may, in the reasonable discretion of the Administrative Agent, be deemed to have been received on the next succeeding Business Day for purposes of calculating interest thereon. All such payments shall be made to the Administrative Agent at its offices at 520 Madison Avenue, New York, New York 10022 (or such other office as the Administrative Agent shall specify in writing to the Borrower), except that payments pursuant to Sections 2.12, 2.13, 2.15 and 11.03 shall be made directly to the persons entitled thereto and payments pursuant to other Loan Documents shall be made to the persons specified therein. Subject to Article X, the Administrative Agent shall distribute any such payments received by it for the account of any other persons ratably to the appropriate recipients promptly following receipt thereof. If any payment under any Loan Document shall be due on a day that is not a Business Day, unless specified otherwise, the date for payment shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day, and, in the case of any payment accruing interest, interest thereon shall be payable for the period of such extension. All payments under each Loan Document shall be made in Dollars. (b) If at any time insufficient funds are received by and available to the Administrative Agent to pay fully all amounts of principal, interest and fees then due hereunder, such funds shall be applied (i) first , towards payment of interest and fees then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of interest and fees then due to such parties, and (ii) second , towards payment of principal then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of principal then due to such parties. (c) If any Lender shall, by exercising any right of setoff or counterclaim or otherwise (including by exercise of its rights under the Security Documents), obtain payment in respect of any principal of or interest on any of its Revolving Loans or Term Loans resulting in such Lender receiving payment of a greater proportion of the aggregate amount of its Revolving Loans and Term Loans and accrued interest thereon than the proportion received by any other Lender, then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Revolving Loans and Term Loans of other Lenders to the extent necessary so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of principal of and accrued interest on their respective Revolving Loans and Term Loans; provided that (i) if any such participations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest, and (ii) the provisions of this paragraph shall not be construed to apply to any payment made by Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement or any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Revolving Loans or Term Loans to any assignee or participant, other than to any Company or any Affiliates thereof (as to which the provisions of this paragraph shall apply). Each Loan Party consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable Legal Requirements, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against each Loan Party rights of setoff and counterclaim with 
 67 

respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of such Loan Party pursuant to this Agreement in the amount of such participation. If under applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or any similar law any Secured Party receives a secured claim in lieu of a setoff or counterclaim to which this Section 2.14(c) applies, such Secured Party shall, to the extent practicable, exercise its rights in respect of such secured claim in a manner consistent with the rights to which the Secured Party is entitled under this Section 2.14(c) to share in the benefits of the recovery of such secured claim. (d) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received written notice from the Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders hereunder that the Borrower will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Lenders the amount due. In such event, if the Borrower has not in fact made such payment, then each of the Lenders severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Lender with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules or practices on interbank compensation. (e) If any Lender shall fail to make any payment required to be made by it pursuant to Section 2.02(c), 2.14(d) or 11.03(e), then the Administrative Agent may, in its discretion (notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof), apply any amounts thereafter received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Lender to satisfy such Lender s obligations under such Sections until all such unsatisfied obligations are fully paid. Section 2.15 Taxes . (a) Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of any of the Loan Parties hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall be made free and clear of and without deduction or withholding for any and all Taxes; provided that if applicable Legal Requirements (as determined in the good faith discretion of an applicable withholding agent) shall require deduction or withholding of any Tax from such payments, then (i) if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, the sum payable by the applicable Loan Party shall be increased as necessary so that after all required deductions or withholdings (including deductions or withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 2.15 the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deductions or withholdings been made, (ii) the applicable withholding agent shall be entitled to make such deductions or withholdings as required by applicable Legal Requirements and (iii) the applicable withholding agent shall timely pay, or cause to be paid, the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable Legal Requirements. (b) In addition, the Borrower and any other Loan Party shall timely pay, or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for the payment of, any Other Taxes to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable Legal Requirements. (c) Borrower and all other Loan Parties shall jointly and severally indemnify the Administrative Agent, each Lender and each other Recipient, within ten Business Days after written demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes payable or paid by such Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Recipient (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 2.15, but, for the avoidance of doubt, without duplication of any amounts withheld or deducted by the applicable withholding agent and for which the Recipient has been paid pursuant to clause (i) of Section 2.15(a) and any penalties, interest and expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by the Recipient (in each case, with a copy delivered concurrently to the Administrative Agent), orbythe Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Recipient, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. (d) As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes pursuant to this Section 2.15 and in any 
 68 

event within thirty (30) days following any such payment being due by Borrower or any other Loan Party to a Governmental Authority, the Borrower or any other Loan Party, as applicable, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. If the Borrower or any other Loan Party fails to pay any Indemnified Taxes when due to the appropriate Governmental Authority or fails to remit to the Administrative Agent the required receipts or other documentary evidence, the Borrower or such Loan Party shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, each Lender and each other Recipient for any incremental Taxes or expenses that may become payable by the Administrative Agent, such Lender or such other Recipient, as the case may be, as a result of any such failure. (e) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding tax with respect to payments under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent or as prescribed by applicable law, such properly completed and executed documentation prescribed by applicable law and reasonably requested by Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding (including backup withholding) or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and delivery of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Section 2r15 2.15 (e )(i ), Section 2 4 5 2.15 (e (ii) or Section 2.15(e)(iii) below) shall not be required if in the Lender s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or delivery would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. (i) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Foreign Lender (as well as the Administrative Agent, in the event the Administrative Agent is not a United States person (as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code)) shall (i) furnish to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date it becomes a party hereto, either (a) two accurate and complete executed copies of U.S. Internal Revenue Service Forms W-8BEN, or W-8BEN-E, claiming the benefits under any applicable income tax treaty (or successor form), (b) two accurate and complete executed copies of U.S. Internal Revenue Service Forms W-8ECI (or successor form), (c) two accurate and complete executed copies of U.S. Internal Revenue Service Forms W-8IMY (or successor form) and certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable, or (d) two accurate and complete executed copies of U.S. Internal Revenue Service Forms W-8EXP (or successor form), together with any required schedules or attachments, certifying, in each case, to such Foreign Lender s legal entitlement to an exemption or reduction from U.S. federal withholding tax with respect to all interest payments hereunder, as may be applicable, and (ii) to the extent it may lawfully do so at such times, provide Borrower and the Administrative Agent a new copy of U.S. Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN, W-8BEN-E (or successor form), U.S. Internal Revenue Service Form W-8ECI (or successor form) or U.S. Internal Revenue Service Form W-8IMY (or successor form) or U.S. Internal Revenue Service Form W-8EXP (or successor form) (in each case, together with any required schedules or attachments) upon the expiration or obsolescence of any previously delivered form, or at any other time upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, to reconfirm any complete exemption from, or any entitlement to a reduction in, U.S. federal withholding tax with respect to any interest payment hereunder; provided that any Foreign Lender that is claiming exemption from U.S. federal withholding tax under Section 871(h) or 881(c) of the Code with respect to payments of portfolio interest shall furnish a U.S. Tax Certificate in the form of Exhibit G-1 attached to such Foreign Lender s U.S. Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E; provided , further, that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit G-4 on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner. (ii) Each Recipient that is a United States person (as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of 
 69 

the Code) shall furnish to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date it becomes a Recipient hereunder an accurate, properly completed and duly executed U.S. Internal Revenue Service Form W-9 (or successor form) establishing that such Recipient is not subject to U.S. backup withholding or shall otherwise establish an exemption from U.S. backup withholding, and provide a new U.S. Internal Revenue Service Form W-9 (or successor form) upon obsolescence of any previously delivered form. (iii) If a payment made to a Recipient under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding tax imposed by FATCA if such Recipient were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Recipient shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA, to determine that such Recipient has or has not complied with such Recipient s obligations under FATCA and, as necessary, to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for the purposes of this Section 2.15(e), FATCA shall include any amendment made to FATCA after the date of this agreement. Each Recipient agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 2.15(e) shall not require any Recipient to provide any forms or documentation that it is not legally entitled to provide. (f) If the Administrative Agent or a Lender determines in its sole discretion, exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Indemnified Taxes as to which it has been indemnified by Borrower or with respect to which Borrower has paid additional amounts pursuant to this Section 2.15, it shall pay over such refund to the Borrower (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made, or additional amounts paid, by Borrower under this Section 2.15 with respect to the Indemnified Taxes or the Other Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses of the Administrative Agent or such Lender and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund); provided , however, that if the Administrative Agent or such Lender is required to repay all or a portion of such refund to the relevant Governmental Authority, the Borrower, upon the request of the Administrative Agent or such Lender, shall repay the amount paid over to the Borrower that is required to be repaid (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) to the Administrative Agent or such Lender within three Business Days after receipt of written notice that the Administrative Agent or such Lender is required to repay such refund (or a portion thereof) to such Governmental Authority. Nothing contained in this Section 2.15(f) shall require the Administrative Agent or any Lender to make available its Tax Returns or any other information which it deems confidential to the Borrower or any other person. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, in no event will the Administrative Agent or any Lender be required to pay any amount to the Borrower the payment of which would place the Administrative Agent or such Lender in a less favorable net after-tax position than the Administrative Agent or such Lender would have been in if the Indemnified Taxes giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Indemnified Taxes had never been paid. (g) Each party s obligations under this Section 2.15 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under any Loan Document. Section 2.16 Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders . (a) Mitigation of Obligations . If any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.12(a) or (b), or if Borrower is required to pay any additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.15, then such Lender if requested by Borrower shall use reasonable efforts to 
 70 

designate a different lending office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the reasonable judgment of such Lender, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce materially amounts payable pursuant to Section 2.12(a), 2.12(b) , or 2.15, as the case may be, in the future, (ii) would not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense, (iii) would not require such Lender to take any action materially inconsistent with its internal policies or legal or regulatory restrictions, and (iv) would not otherwise be materially disadvantageous to such Lender. Borrower shall pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any such designation or assignment. A certificate setting forth such costs and expenses in reasonable detail submitted by such Lender to the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. (b) Replacement of Lenders . In the event (i) any Lender delivers a certificate requesting compensation pursuant to Section 2.12(a) or (b), (ii) any Lender delivers a notice described in Section 2.12(e), (iii) the Borrower is required to pay any additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority on account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.15, (iv) any Lender refuses to consent to any amendment, waiver or other modification of any Loan Document requested by Borrower that requires the consent of 100 of the Lenders or 100 of all affected Lenders, and which, in each case, has been consented to by Required Lenders or (v) any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender or otherwise defaults in its obligations to make Loans or other extensions of credit hereunder, the Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort (including with respect to the processing and recordation fee referred to in Section 11.04(b)) , upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender to transfer and assign, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in Section 11.04) , all of its interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement to an assignee which shall assume such assigned obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment); provided that (u) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 2.12(a) or (b) or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 2.15, such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments thereafter, (v) in the case of any assignment resulting from the circumstances described in clause (iv) above, the applicable assignee shall have consented to the applicable amendment, waiver or other modification, (w) except in the case of clause (iv) above if the effect of such amendment, waiver or other modification of the applicable Loan Document would cure all Defaults and Events of Defaults then ongoing, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, (x) such assignment shall not conflict with any applicable Legal Requirement, (y) to the extent required pursuant to Section 11.04(b)(v), the Borrower shall have received the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld or delayed, and (z) the Borrower or such assignee shall have paid to the affected Lender in immediately available funds an amount equal to the sum of the principal of and interest accrued to the date of such payment on the outstanding Loans of such Lender affected by such assignment plus all Fees and other amounts owing to or accrued for the account of such Lender or Administrative Agent hereunder (including any amounts under Sections 2.12 and 2.13 and the assignment fee described in Section 11.04(b)(iii) ); provided, further, that, if prior to any such transfer and assignment the circumstances or event that resulted in such Lender s claim for compensation under Section 2.12(a) or (b) or notice under Section 2.12(e) or the amounts paid pursuant to Section 2.15 , as the case may be, cease to cause such Lender to suffer increased costs or reductions in amounts received or receivable or reduction in return on capital, or cease to have the consequences specified in Section 2.12(e), or cease to result in amounts being payable under Section 2.15, as the case may be (including as a result of any action taken by such Lender pursuant to paragraph (a) of this Section 2.16 ), or if such Lender shall waive its right to claim further compensation under Section 2.12(a) or (b) in respect of such circumstances or event or shall withdraw its notice under Section 2.12(e) or shall waive its right to further payments under Section 2.15 in respect of such circumstances or event or shall consent to the proposed amendment, waiver, consent or other modification, as the case may be, then such Lender shall not thereafter be required to make any such transfer and assignment hereunder. Each Lender hereby grants to the Administrative Agent (other than any Lender upon written request at the sole discretion of the Administrative Agent) an irrevocable power of attorney (which power is coupled with an interest) to execute and deliver, on behalf of such Lender as assignor, any Assignment and Assumption necessary to effectuate any assignment of such Lender s interests hereunder in the circumstances contemplated by this Section 2.16(b) . (c) Defaulting Lenders . Anything contained herein to the contrary notwithstanding, in the event that any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then (i) during any Default Period (as defined below) with respect to 
 71 

such Defaulting Lender, such Defaulting Lender shall be deemed not to be a Lender , and the amount of such Defaulting Lender s Revolving Commitment and Revolving Loans and/or Term Loan Commitments and Term Loans shall be excluded for purposes of voting, and the calculation of voting, on any matters (including the granting of any consents or waivers) with respect to any of the Loan Documents, except that the amount of such Defaulting Lender s Revolving Commitment and Revolving Loans and/or Term Loan Commitments and Term Loans shall be included for purposes of voting, and the calculation of voting, on the matters set forth in Section 11.02(b)(i) - to (xii) (including the granting of any consents or waivers) only to the extent that, in the case of Section 11.02(b)(i) - to (iii), any such matter directly affects such Defaulting Lender or, in the case of Section 11.02(b)(iv) - to (xii), any such matter disproportionately affects such Defaulting Lender; (ii) to the extent permitted by applicable Legal Requirements, until such time as the Default Excess (as defined below) with respect to such Defaulting Lender shall have been reduced to zero, (A) any voluntary prepayment of the Loans pursuant to Section 2.10(a) shall, if the Borrower so directs at the time of making such voluntary prepayment, be applied to the Loans of other Lenders (but not to the Loans of such Defaulting Lender) in accordance with Section 2.10(a) as if such Defaulting Lender had no Loans outstanding and the Revolving Exposure of such Defaulting Lender were zero, and (B) any mandatory prepayment of the Loans pursuant to Section 2.10 shall, if the Borrower so directs at the time of making such mandatory prepayment, be applied to the Loans of other Lenders (but not to the Loans of such Defaulting Lender) in accordance with Section 2.10 as if such Defaulting Lender had funded all Defaulted Loans of such Defaulting Lender, it being understood and agreed that the Borrower shall be entitled to retain any portion of any mandatory prepayment of the Loans that is not paid to such Defaulting Lender solely as a result of the operation of the provisions of this clause (B); (iii) the amount of such Defaulting Lender s Revolving Commitment and Revolving Loans shall be excluded for purposes of calculating the Commitment Fee payable to Revolving Lenders pursuant to Section 2.05(a) in respect of any day during any Default Period with respect to such Defaulting Lender, and such Defaulting Lender shall not be entitled to receive any Commitment Fee pursuant to Section 2.05(a) with respect to such Defaulting Lender s Revolving Commitment in respect of any Default Period with respect to such Defaulting Lender; and (iv) the Revolving Exposure of all Lenders as at any date of determination shall be calculated as if such Defaulting Lender had funded all Defaulted Loans of such Defaulting Lender. In the event that each of the Administrative Agent and the Borrower agree that a Defaulting Lender has adequately remedied all matters that caused such Lender to be a Defaulting Lender, then the Revolving Exposure of the Lenders shall be readjusted to reflect the inclusion of such Lender s Commitment and on such date such Lender shall purchase at par such of the Loans of the other Lenders as the Administrative Agent shall determine may be necessary in order for such Lender to hold such Loans in accordance with its Revolving Commitment. For purposes of this Agreement, (i) Funding Default shall mean, with respect to any Defaulting Lender, the occurrence of any of the events set forth in the definition of Defaulting Lender, (ii) Default Period shall mean, with respect to any Defaulting Lender, the period commencing on the date of the applicable Funding Default and ending on the earliest of the following dates: (a) the date on which all Commitments are cancelled or terminated and/or the Secured Obligations are declared or become immediately due and payable, (b) with respect to any Funding Default (other than any such Funding Default arising pursuant to clause (e) of the definition of Defaulting Lender ), the date on which (1) the Default Excess with respect to such Defaulting Lender shall have been reduced to zero (whether by the funding by such Defaulting Lender of any Defaulted Loans of such Defaulting Lender or by the non-pro rata application of any voluntary or mandatory prepayments of the Loans in accordance with the terms hereof or any combination thereof) and (2) such Defaulting Lender shall have delivered to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent a written reaffirmation of its intention to honor its obligations under this Agreement with respect to its Commitment(s), and (c) the date on which Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders waive all Funding Defaults of such Defaulting Lender in writing, and (iii) Default Excess shall mean, with respect to any Defaulting Lender, the excess, if any, of such Defaulting Lender s Pro Rata Percentage of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Loans of all Lenders (calculated as if all Defaulting Lenders (including such Defaulting Lender) had funded all of their respective Defaulted Loans) over the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Loans of such Defaulting Lender. No amount of the Commitment of any Lender shall be increased or otherwise affected, and, except as otherwise expressly provided in Section 2.16(c), performance by Borrower of its obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall not be excused or otherwise modified, as a result of any Funding Default or the operation of 
 72 

Section 2.16(c) . The rights and remedies against a Defaulting Lender under Section 2.16(c) are in addition to other rights and remedies that the Borrower may have against such Defaulting Lender with respect to any Funding Default and that the Administrative Agent or any Lender may have against such Defaulting Lender with respect to any Funding Default. Section 2.17 [reserved] . Section 2.18 [reserved] . Section 2.19 Increases of the Term Loan and Revolving Commitments . (a) . (a) The Prior to the Third Amendment Effective Date, the Borrower may by written request to the Administrative Agent (I) prior to the Term Loan Maturity Date, establish one or more new Term Loan Commitments under a new term facility or under the existing term facility or any increase under an existing tranche of Term Loans (each, a New Term Loan Commitment and the Loans made thereunder, the New Term Loans , or (II) prior to the Revolving Maturity Date, establish one or more increases in the amount of the Revolving Commitments under the then existing revolving facility (each, a New Revolving Commitment and together with the New Term Loans, the Incremental Facilities and each, an Incremental Facility ), in each case, the proceeds of which may be used for general corporate purposes, including, without limitation, for additional dividends, distributions, Investments, general working capital, capital expenditures, Permitted Acquisitions and other expenditures not prohibited by this Agreement; provided that: (i) the aggregate principal amount of the New Term Loan Commitments and New Revolving Commitments pursuant to this Section 2.19 shall not exceed the Maximum Incremental Facilities Amount. The aggregate principal amount of any requested increase in New Term Loan Commitment or New Revolving Commitment shall be in a minimum amount of 5,000,000 and in integral multiples of 1,000,000 in excess thereof (or such lower amount that represents all remaining availability pursuant to this Section 2.19) . (ii) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would immediately occur after giving effect to such increase and the application of proceeds therefrom; provided that, solely with respect to any New Term Loans incurred in connection with a Limited Condition Acquisition, the absence of a Default or Event of Default (other than an Event of Default as a result of any of the events set forth in Sections 8.01(a), 8.01(b), 8.01(g) or 8.01(h)) shall be tested only at the time the definitive documentation for such Limited Condition Acquisition is executed; (iii) the representations and warranties of each Loan Party set forth in Article III and in each other Loan Document shall be true and correct in all material respects (without duplication of any materiality qualifiers set forth therein) immediately prior to, and immediately after giving effect to, the incurrence of such New Term Loans or the making of such New Revolving Commitments (although any representations and warranties which expressly relate to a given date or period shall be required to be true and correct in all material respects (without duplication of any materiality qualifiers set forth therein) as of the respective date or for the respective period, as the case may be); provided that to the extent the proceeds of any New Term Loan or New Revolving Loan are being used to finance a Limited Condition Acquisition, only the Specified Representations (and not any other representations or warranties in Article III or any of the other Loan Documents or otherwise) shall be required to be true and correct in all material respects (without duplication of any materiality qualifiers set forth therein) immediately prior to, and immediately after giving effect to, the incurrence of such New Term Loans or the making of such New Revolving Commitments (although any Specified Representations which expressly relate to a given date or period shall be required to be true and correct in all material respects (without duplication of any materiality qualifiers set forth therein) as of the respective date or for the respective period, as the case may be; (iv) the New Term Loans made under this Section 2.19 shall have a maturity date no 
 73 

earlier than the later of the then existing Term Loan Maturity Date and the maturity date of any then-outstanding New Term Loans and shall have a weighted average life to maturity no shorter than the weighted average life of the then existing Term Loans and then existing New Term Loans; (v) the New Revolving Commitments shall mature no earlier than, and require no scheduled amortization or differing mandatory commitment reduction prior to, the Revolving Maturity Date then in effect and all other terms (including pricing provisions (other than upfront fees)) of any New Revolving Commitments shall be substantially identical to the initial Revolving Credit Facility or otherwise reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent; (vi) if the Weighted Average Yield applicable to the New Term Loans made pursuant to this Section 2.19 exceeds (x) with respect to any New Term Loans incurred as an increase to an existing Class of Term Loans, the Weighted Average Yield for such existing Class of Term Loans by more than 0.50 per annum or (y) with respect to any New Term Loans not incurred as an increase to an existing Class of Term Loans, the Weighted Average Yield for all existing Classes of Term Loans (calculated on a weighted average basis) by more than 0.50 per annum (in either case, such amount in excess of 0.50 , hereinafter referred to as the Incremental Excess Yield ), then the Weighted Average Yield with respect to the applicable existing Term Loans of such tranche shall be increased by the Incremental Excess Yield (it being understood that any increase in the Weighted Average Yield of the existing Term Loans, may (A) take the form of upfront fees, with such upfront fees being equated to interest margins based on a four-year average life to maturity or, if less, the remaining life to maturity or (B) be accomplished by a combination of an increase in the weighted average interest rates, interest rate floors and/or upfront fees) of such New Term Loans made pursuant to this Section 2.19 (for the avoidance of doubt, the Incremental Excess Yield applicable to New Term Loans made pursuant to this Section 2.19 shall only be applied to existing Term Loans); provided that, any increase in yield with respect to an existing Class of Term Loans required pursuant to this clause (vi) and resulting from the application ofan Adjusted Term SOFR or Alternate Base Rate floor on any New Term Loans will be effected solely through an increase in such floor (or an implementation thereof, as applicable) in respect of any existing Class of Term Loans; (vii) notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 2.19 or otherwise, (1) the borrowing and repayment (except for payments of interest and fees at different rates on New Revolving Commitments (and related outstandings)) of Loans with respect to New Revolving Commitments after the associated Increased Amount Date shall be made on apro rata basis with all other Revolving Commitments, (3) the permanent repayment of Revolving Loans with respect to, and termination of, New Revolving Commitments after the associated Increased Amount Date shall be made on a pro rata basis with all other Revolving Commitments, and (3) assignments and participations of New Revolving Commitments shall be governed by the same assignment and participation provisions applicable to the other Revolving Commitments and Revolving Loans; (viii) the New Term Loans and New Revolving Commitments shall not benefit from any Guarantees or Collateral that do not ratably benefit the Term Loans and Revolving Loans, respectively and shall be secured on a pari passu basis by the Collateral securing the Term Loans and Revolving Loans (and, for the avoidance of doubt and notwithstanding anything to the contrary, such New Term Loans and/or New Revolving Commitments shall be treated as Consolidated First Lien Indebtedness for all purposes hereunder); (ix) prior to the Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment Expiration Date, the Borrower may not establish an Incremental Facility consisting of New Term Loans if there are undrawn Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitments under this Agreement; (x) after giving effect to such New Term Loan Commitments and New Term Loans and the application of the proceeds thereof, the Borrower shall be in compliance on a Pro Forma Basis with the financial covenants set forth in Section 6.15 applicable for the four (4) consecutive fiscal quarters of the Borrower ended on, or most recently preceding, such Increased Amount Date for which financial statements 
 74 

have been (or were required to have been) delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or (b) (but excluding, for purposes of such calculation, New Term Loan proceeds from any Unrestricted Cash and Cash Equivalents permitted to be netted in the calculation of the financial covenants); provided, that, with respect to any Incremental Loan Amendment incurred for purposes of financing a Limited Condition Acquisition, the Borrower shall be, as of the date of the execution and delivery of the applicable definitive purchase agreement in connection with such Limited Condition Acquisition, in compliance on a Pro Forma Basis with the financial covenants applicable for the four (4) consecutive fiscal quarters of the Borrower ended on, or most recently preceding, such date for which financial statements have been (or were required to have been) delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or (b) ; (xi) the New Term Loans may participate on apro rata basis or less than pro rata basis (but not on a greater than pro rata basis) in any voluntary prepayments pursuant to Section 2.10(a) or any mandatory prepayments of Term Loans under Section 2.10(c), 2.10(d) and 2.10(e), as specified in the applicable Incremental Loan Amendment; (xii) terms and provisions of the New Term Loans (other than upfront fees and original issue discount) shall be, except as otherwise set forth herein or in the Incremental Loan Amendment, identical to the Term Loans (it being understood that New Term Loans may be a part of the Term Loans) or otherwise reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent; and all other terms and conditions with respect to the New Term Loans made pursuant to this Section 2.19 shall be on terms determined by the Borrower; provided , further , that to the extent such terms and documentation are not consistent with then existing Term Loans (except to the extent relating to pricing, optional prepayment or redemption terms, call protections and premiums), they shall be either (a) reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (except for covenants or other provisions applicable only to the periods after the latest maturity date of any then-existing Term Loans or New Term Loans) or (b) added for the benefit of the existing Term Loans (and, if an individual term is more beneficial to the Lenders holding existing Term Loans than the corresponding term then-applicable to the existing Term Loans, such individual beneficial term or terms may be applied to the existing Term Loans without the consent of any Lender holding existing Term Loans). Any request under this Section 2.19 shall be submitted by the Borrower in writing to the Administrative Agent (which shall promptly forward copies to all the Lenders); provided that each such notice shall specify the date (each, an Increased Amount Date on which Borrower proposes that the New Revolving Commitments or New Term Loan Commitments, as applicable, shall be effective, which shall not be less than fifteen (15) Business Days after the date on which such notice is delivered to the Administrative Agent. No Lender shall have any obligation, expressed or implied, to offer to increase the aggregate principal amount of its Term Loan Commitment and/or Revolving Commitment. Only the consent of each Increasing Lender shall be required for an increase in the aggregate principal amount of the Term Loan Commitments and/or Revolving Commitments pursuant to this Section 2.19 . No Lender which declines to increase the principal amount of its Term Loan Commitment and/or Revolving Commitment may be replaced with respect to its existing Term Loan Commitment and/or Revolving Commitment as a result thereof without such Lender s consent. (b) Each then existing Lender (collectively, the Increasing Lenders that agrees to increase the principal amount of their Term Loan Commitments and/or Revolving Commitments, or in the case of Lenders that do not have any Term Loan Commitments or Revolving Commitments, that agrees to assume New Term Loans and/or New Revolving Commitments shall as soon as reasonably practicable specify in writing to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent the principal amount of the proposed New Term Loan Commitments and/or New Revolving Commitments that it is willing to assume provided that any Lender not so responding within five (5) Business Days shall be deemed to have declined such a request). After such five (5) Business Day period has ended, Borrower may then solicit and accept some or all of the rejected offered amounts from new lenders (or designate new lenders) provided that if Administrative Agent would have consent rights with respect to such new lender under Section 11.04 herein were such new lender to take an assignment of Loans or Commitments hereunder, then such new lender shall be reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent (in consultation with the Borrower) (such acceptance not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed); provided, however, that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary, no new lender 
 75 

shall be a Loan Party or an Affiliate of a Loan Party) (each such new lender being a New Lender ), which New Lenders may assume all or a portion of the aggregate principal amount of the applicable New Term Loan Commitments and/or New Revolving Commitments. For the avoidance of doubt, the Borrower shall not have to offer any existing Lender the opportunity to be an Increasing Lender prior to accepting any offered amounts from any potential New Lender. (c) Subject to the foregoing, any request by Borrower pursuant to Section 2.19(a) shall be effective upon (A) delivery to the Administrative Agent of each of the following documents: (i) an originally executed copy of a Joinder Agreement signed by a duly authorized officer of each New Lender; (ii) a notice to the Increasing Lenders and New Lenders, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, signed by a Financial Officer of the Borrower; (iii) an Officers Certificate of the Borrower, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, confirming compliance with all conditions precedent for any such increase, including, subject to the limitation in clauses (a)(ii) and (a)(iii) above, compliance with Sections 4.02(a), (b) and (c) ; (iv) to the extent requested by any New Lender or Increasing Lender, executed term notes and/or revolving notes issued by Borrower in accordance with Section 2.04(e) ; (v) an amendment (an Incremental Loan Amendment to this Agreement and, as appropriate, the other Loan Documents, executed by Borrower, each Increasing Lender (if any), each New Lender (if any), the Administrative Agent and, if reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent, each other Loan Party; and (vi) any other reasonable and customary documents and officer s certificates that the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, and (B) satisfaction on the Increased Amount Date of (x) subject to the limitations set forth in clauses (a)(ii) and (a)(iii) above, each of the conditions specified in Section 4.02 (it being understood that (1) for purposes of Section 4.02(b), all references to the date of such Credit Extension or similar language shall be deemed to refer to the date the definitive documentation for such Limited Condition Acquisition is executed and (2) for purposes of Section 4.02(a) and (c), all references to the date of such Credit Extension or similar language shall be deemed to refer to the Increased Amount Date), and (y) such other conditions as the parties thereto (including Borrower) shall agree (if any). Any such increase shall, subject to Section 2.19(a), be in an aggregate principal amount equal to (A) the principal amount that Increasing Lenders are willing to assume as increases to the principal amount of their Term Loan Commitments and/or Revolving Commitments plus (B) the principal amount offered by New Lenders with respect to the New Term Loan Commitments and/or New Revolving Commitments, in either case as adjusted by Borrower and the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 2.19 . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 11.02, the Administrative Agent is expressly permitted, without the consent of the other Lenders, to amend the Loan Documents (including Section 2.09 and Annex I hereto) to the extent necessary or appropriate in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent to give effect to any New Term Loan Commitment or New Revolving Commitments pursuant to this Section 2.19 (which may be in the form of an amendment and restatement). (d) Upon each increase in the Revolving Commitments pursuant to this Section 2.19, (A) each Revolving Lender immediately prior to such increase will automatically and without further act be deemed to have assigned to each Lender providing a portion of any increase in the Revolving Commitments pursuant to this Section 2.19 (any such increase, a Revolving Commitment Increase and each such Lender, a Revolving Increasing Lender in respect of such increase, (B) if, on the Increased Amount Date, there are any Revolving Loans outstanding, such Revolving Loans shall on or prior to the effectiveness of such Revolving Commitment Increase be prepaid from the proceeds of additional Revolving Loans made hereunder (reflecting such increase in Revolving Commitments), which prepayment shall be accompanied by accrued interest on the Revolving Loans being prepaid and any costs incurred by any Lender in accordance with Section 2.13, (C) each Revolving Increasing Lender shall become a Revolving Lender with respect to the New Revolving Commitments and all matters relating thereto, and (D) each New Revolving Commitment shall be deemed, for all purposes, a Revolving Commitment and each Loan made thereunder shall be deemed, for all purposes, a Revolving Loan. The Administrative Agent and the Lenders hereby agree that the minimum borrowing, pro rata borrowing and pro rata payment requirements contained elsewhere in this Agreement shall not apply to the transactions effected pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence. (e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, from and after the Third Amendment Effective Date, no Incremental Facilities may be established or incurred. 
 76 

Section 2.20 Extensions of the Term Loan . (a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, pursuant to one or more offers (each, an Extension Offer made by Borrower, from time to time on any Business Day prior to the 30 th day before the applicable Term Loan Maturity Date or Revolving Maturity Date, to all Term Loan Lenders or Revolving Lenders, as applicable, on a pro rata basis (based on the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Term Loans or Revolving Commitments then outstanding) and on the same terms to each such Term Loan Lender or Revolving Lender, as applicable, the Borrower may from time to time with the consent of any Lender that shall have accepted such offer, extend the maturity date of any Term Loans or Revolving Commitments and otherwise modify the terms of such Term Loans or Revolving Commitments of such Lender pursuant to the terms of the relevant Extension Offer (including by increasing the interest rate or fees payable in respect of such Term Loans or Revolving Commitments, modifying the amortization schedule in respect of such Term Loans or any other modification contemplated by this Section 2.20 (each, an Extension , and each group of Term Loans or Revolving Loans as so extended, as well as the original Term Loans and Revolving Loans not so extended, being a tranche and a separate Class hereunder; any Extended Term Loans shall constitute a separate tranche of Term Loans and a separate Class hereunder from the tranche of Term Loans from which they were converted) and any Extended Revolving Loans shall constitute a separate tranche of Revolving Loans and a separate Class hereunder from the tranche of Revolving Loans from which they were converted), so long as the following terms are satisfied: (i) no Event of Default shall exist at the time the notice in respect of an Extension Offer is delivered to the applicable Lenders, and no Event of Default shall exist immediately prior to or immediately after giving effect to the effectiveness of any Extension, (ii) except as to interest rates, fees, amortization, final maturity date, premium, required prepayment dates and participation in prepayments (which shall, subject to immediately succeeding clauses (iii), (iv), (v) and (vi), be determined by Borrower and set forth in reasonable detail in the relevant Extension Offer), the Term Loans or Revolving Loans, as applicable, of any Lender (an Extending Lender extended pursuant to any Extension Extended Term Loans or Extended Revolving Loans , as applicable) shall have the same terms as the tranche of Term Loans or Revolving Loans, as applicable, subject to such Extension Offer (except for covenants or other provisions contained therein applicable only to periods after the then latest Term Loan Maturity Date or Revolving Maturity Date, as applicable), (iii) the final maturity date of any Extended Term Loans shall be no earlier than the then latest Term Loan Maturity Date of any tranche of Term Loans then outstanding at the time of Extension and the amortization schedule of all or a portion of any principal amount of such Extended Term Loans may be delayed to later dates than the amortization schedule of the Terms Loans extended thereby (with any such delay resulting in a corresponding adjustment to the amortization schedule reflected on Annex I or in an Incremental Loan Amendment, as the case may be, with respect to the existing Term Loans from which such Extended Term Loans were extended), (iv) the weighted average life to maturity of any Extended Term Loans shall be no shorter than the remaining weighted average life to maturity of the Term Loans extended thereby, (v) the maturity date of any Extended Revolving Loans shall be no earlier than the latest Revolving Maturity Date of any tranche of Revolving Loans then outstanding at the time of Extension, (vi) prior to the latest Term Loan Maturity Date of any tranche of Term Loans then outstanding at the time of Extension, the amortization payments on any Extended Term Loans shall not exceed equal quarterly installments in an annual aggregate amount equal to 1 of original principal amount of such Extended Term Loans, (vii) any Extended Term Loans may participate on a pro rata basis or on a less than pro rata basis (but not on a greater than pro rata basis) in any voluntary or mandatory prepayments hereunder, as specified in the applicable Extension Offer, (viii) (A) such Extended Term Loans and Extended Revolving Loans shall not benefit from any Guarantees or Collateral that do not ratably benefit the Term Loans and Revolving Loans, respectively, (B) (x) the liens securing such Indebtedness shall not be of higher priority than the lien securing the applicable Indebtedness being extended and (y) if such Indebtedness being extended is unsecured, such Extended Term Loans and Extended Revolving Loans shall be unsecured, and (C) if such Indebtedness being extended is subordinated with respect to the Obligations, such Extended Term Loans and Extended Revolving Loans shall be subordinated at least to the same extent as such Indebtedness being extended; (ix) if the aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans (calculated on the face amount thereof) in respect of which Lenders shall have accepted the relevant Extension Offer shall exceed the maximum aggregate principal amount of Term Loans offered to be extended by Borrower pursuant to such Extension Offer, then the Term Loans of such Lenders shall be extended ratably up to such maximum amount based on the respective principal amounts (but not to exceed actual holdings of record) with respect to which such Lenders have accepted such Extension Offer, (x) if the aggregate principal amount of the Revolving 
 77 

Commitments in respect of which Lenders shall have accepted the relevant Extension Offer shall exceed the maximum aggregate principal amount of Revolving Commitments offered to be extended by Borrower pursuant to such Extension Offer, then the Revolving Commitments of such Lenders shall be extended ratably up to such maximum amount based on the respective commitment amounts with respect to which such Lenders have accepted such Extension Offer, (xi) all documentation in respect of such Extension shall be consistent with the foregoing, (xii) any applicable Minimum Extension Condition shall be satisfied unless waived by Borrower and (xiii) the interest rate margin applicable to any Extended Term Loans or Extended Revolving Loans will be determined by Borrower and the lenders providing such Extended Term Loans or Extended Revolving Loans. No Lender shall have any obligation to agree to have any of its existing Term Loans or Revolving Commitments converted into Extended Term Loans or Extended Revolving Loans pursuant to any Extension. (b) With respect to all Extensions consummated by Borrower pursuant to this Section 2.20, (i) such Extensions shall not constitute voluntary or mandatory payments or prepayments for purposes of Section 2.10 and (ii) any Extension Offer is required to be in any minimum amount of 25,000,000, provided that the Borrower may at its election specify as a condition (a Minimum Extension Condition to consummating any such Extension that a minimum amount (to be determined and specified in the relevant Extension Offer in Borrower s sole discretion and may be waived by Borrower) of Term Loans of any or all applicable tranches be tendered. (c) The Lenders hereby irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent to enter into amendments Extension Amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents with the Borrower as may be necessary in order to establish new tranches or sub-tranches in respect of Term Loans and Revolving Commitments so extended and such technical amendments as may be necessary or appropriate in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in connection with the establishment of such new tranches or sub-tranches, in each case on terms consistent with this Section 2.20 . (d) In connection with any Extension, the Borrower shall provide the Administrative Agent at least five (5) Business Days (or such shorter period as may be agreed by the Administrative Agent) prior written notice thereof, and shall agree to such procedures, if any, as may be established by, or reasonably acceptable to, the Administrative Agent to accomplish the purposes of this Section 2.20 . (e) This Section 2.20 shall supersede any provisions in Section 2.14 or Section 11.02 to the contrary. Section 2.21 Refinancing Facilities . (a) At any time after the Closing Date, subject to the prior written consent of the Required Lenders, the Borrower may obtain, from any Lender on a pro rata basis (based on the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Term Loans or Revolving Commitments then outstanding) or, to the extent declined by an existing Lender after having five (5) Business Days to respond after written notice from the Agent (which shall be redeemed rejected if not received at the end of such five (5) Business Days period), any new lender provided that if Administrative Agent would have consent rights with respect to such new lender under Section 11.04 herein were such new lender to take an assignment of Loans or Commitments hereunder, then such new lender shall be reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent (in consultation with the Borrower) (such acceptance not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed); provided, however, that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary, no new lender shall be a Loan Party or an Affiliate of a Loan Party) (each such new lender being an Additional Lender Refinancing Term Loans, Refinancing Term Loan Commitments, Refinancing Revolving Loans or Refinancing Revolving Loan Commitments in exchange for, or to extend, renew, replace or refinance, in respect of all of the Term Loans or Revolving Loans then outstanding under this Agreement (which will be deemed to include any then-outstanding New Term Loans under any New Term Loan Commitments or any then-outstanding New Revolving Commitments) and any then-outstanding Refinancing Term Loans in the form of Refinancing Term Loans or Refinancing Term Commitments or any then-outstanding Refinancing Revolving Loans in the form of Refinancing Revolving Loans or Refinancing Revolving Loan Commitments in each 
 78 

case, pursuant to a Refinancing Amendment, together with any applicable intercreditor agreement or other customary subordination agreement Refinanced Debt provided , that (i) such extending, renewing or refinancing Indebtedness shall be unsecured or, to the extent secured, shall rank pari passu or junior in right of payment and of security with the other Loans and Commitments hereunder, (ii) such Indebtedness shall not mature or have scheduled amortization or payments of principal prior to the date that is 91 days after the Final Maturity Date at the time such Indebtedness is incurred, (iii) such Indebtedness does not have a Weighted Average Life to Maturity equal to or less than that of the Refinanced Debt and does not have mandatory prepayment or redemption provisions (other than customary asset sale, similar events and change of control offers) that would result in a mandatory prepayment or redemption of such Indebtedness prior to the date that is 91 days after the Final Maturity Date at the time such Indebtedness is incurred, (iv) such Refinanced Debt shall be repaid, defeased or satisfied and discharged, and all accrued interest, fees and premiums (if any) in connection therewith shall be paid, on the date that such Indebtedness is issued, incurred or obtained, (v) (x) such Indebtedness, to the extent secured, shall be secured only by the Collateral, orbe guaranteed by any person other than the Guarantors under the outstanding Loans, (y) if such Indebtedness being refinanced is unsecured, such Refinanced Debt shall be unsecured, and (z) if such Indebtedness being refinanced is subordinated with respect to the Obligations, such Refinanced Debt shall be subordinated at least to the same extent as such Indebtedness being refinanced, (vi) the liens securing such Indebtedness shall not be of higher priority than the lien securing the applicable Refinanced Debt, (vii) the other terms of such Indebtedness (other than pricing, interest rate margins, rate floors, discounts, fees, premiums and prepayment or redemption provisions) shall be substantially similar to, or (taken as a whole) no more favorable to the lenders providing such Indebtedness than those applicable to the Loans or Revolving Commitments being refinanced or replaced (except for covenants and other provisions applicable only to the periods after the Final Maturity Date), (vii) such Indebtedness will, to the extent permitted by clauses (i) to (vi), have such pricing, interest rate margins, rate floors, discounts, fees, premiums and prepayment or redemption provisions and terms as may be agreed by the Borrower and the Lenders thereof and (viii) will, to the extent in the form of Refinancing Revolving Loans or Refinancing Revolving Loan Commitments, participate in the payment, borrowing, participation and commitment reduction provisions herein on a pro rata basis with any all then-outstanding Revolving Loans and Revolving Commitments. The effectiveness of any Refinancing Amendment shall be subject to, to the extent reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent, receipt by the Administrative Agent of board resolutions, officers certificates and/or reaffirmation agreements consistent with those delivered on the Closing Date. The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender as to the effectiveness of each Refinancing Amendment. Each of the parties hereto hereby agrees that, upon the effectiveness of any Refinancing Amendment, this Agreement shall be deemed amended to the extent (but only to the extent) necessary to reflect the existence and terms of the Refinanced Debt incurred pursuant thereto (including any amendments necessary to treat the Loans and Commitments subject thereto as Refinancing Term Loans or Refinancing Revolving Loans) and any Indebtedness being replaced or refinanced with such Refinanced Debt shall be deemed permanently reduced and satisfied in all respects. Any Refinancing Amendment may, without the consent of any other Lenders, effect such amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as may be necessary or appropriate, in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent, to effect the provisions of this Section. (b) This Section 2.21 shall supersede any provisions in Section 11.02 to the contrary. ARTICLE III REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES Each Loan Party represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and each of the Lenders on the Closing Date and on the date of each Credit Extension (to the extent required pursuant to Article IV) that: Section 3.01 Existence, Qualification and Power . Each Company (a) is duly incorporated or organized and validly existing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, as the case may be, (b) has all requisite power and authority and all requisite governmental licenses, authorizations, consents and approvals to carry on its business as now conducted and to own, lease and operate its Property and (c) is registered, qualified and in good standing (to the extent such concept is applicable in the applicable jurisdiction) to do business in every jurisdiction 
 79 

where such qualification is required, except in such jurisdictions where the failure to so register, qualify or be in good standing could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. There is no existing default under any Organizational Document of any Company or any event which, with the giving of notice or passage of time or both, would constitute a default by any party thereunder. Section 3.02 Authorization; Enforceability . The Loan Documents to be entered into by each Loan Party are within such Loan Party s powers and have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational action on the part of each such Loan Party. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by each Loan Party and constitutes, and each other Loan Document to which any Loan Party is to be a party, when executed and delivered by such Loan Party, will constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Loan Party, enforceable against such Loan Party in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors rights generally and subject to general principles of equity, good faith and fair dealing, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law. Section 3.03 No Conflicts . The execution, delivery and performance by the Loan Parties of the Loan Documents to which they are a party, the initial Credit Extensions contemplated hereunder and the other Transactions (a) do not require any consent or approval of, registration or filing with, or any other action by, any Governmental Authority, except (i) as have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect, (ii) filings necessary to perfect or maintain the perfection or priority of the Liens created by the Security Documents and (iii) consents, approvals, registrations, filings, permits or actions the failure of which to obtain or perform would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (b) will not violate the Organizational Documents of any Company, (c) will not violate or result in a default or require any consent or approval under (x) any indenture, agreement, or other instrument binding upon any Company or its Property or to which any Company or its Property is subject, or give rise to a right thereunder to require any payment to be made by any Company, except for violations, defaults or the creation of such rights that could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect or (y) any Organizational Document of any Company, (d) will not violate any Legal Requirement in any material respect and (e) will not result in the creation or imposition of any Lien on any Property of any Company, other than the Liens created by the Security Documents. Section 3.04 Financial Statements; Projections ; No Material Adverse Effect ; No Mat e rial Adv e r se Eff e ct . (a) The Borrower has heretofore delivered to the Agents and the Lenders (i) the Historical Financial Statements, in the case of the financials described in clause (a) of the definition thereof, audited by and accompanied by the unqualified opinion of RSM US LLP, independent public accountants, and (ii) the consolidated balance sheets of the Borrower and certain of its Affiliates (as specified therein) and Envigo and certain of its Affiliates (as specified therein) and the related consolidated statements of income or operations, changes in stockholders equity and cash flows as of and for the dates specified therein. Such financial statements and all financial statements delivered pursuant to Sections 5.01(a) and (b) have been prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the applicable period covered, thereby and present fairly and accurately, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations and cash flows of the entities specified therein as of the dates and for the periods to which they relate (subject to year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnote disclosures). No Company has any material liabilities of any kind, whether accrued, contingent, absolute, determined, determinable or otherwise except as reflected in such financial statements and there is no existing condition, situation or set of circumstances which could reasonably be expected to result in such a liability. (b) The Borrower has heretofore delivered to the Agents and the Lenders the forecasts of financial performance of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for various periods ending September 30, 2022 through to the fiscal year ended September 30, 2026 (the Projections and the assumptions upon which the Projections are based. The Projections have been prepared in good faith by the Loan Parties and based upon (i) the assumptions stated therein (which assumptions are believed by the Loan Parties to be reasonable at the time of delivery thereof and on the Closing Date), (ii) accounting principles consistent with the Historical Financial Statements delivered pursuant to Section 3.04(a) and management s historical adjustments thereto, in each case consistently applied throughout the fiscal years 
 80 

covered thereby, and (iii) the information reasonably available to, or in the possession or control of, the Loan Parties as of the date of delivery thereof and on the Closing Date (it being recognized by the Agents and the Lenders that (x) the Projections are not to be viewed as facts or a guarantee of performance and are subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond the control of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries and (y) no assurance can be given that any particular financial projection will be realized, and that actual results during the period or periods covered by the Projections may differ from the projected results, and such differences may be material). (c) Since October 1, 2020, or if more recent, the date of the most recent audited financial statements delivered to the Agents and the Lenders in accordance with Section 5.01(a), there has been no event, change, circumstance, condition, development or occurrence that has had, or would reasonably be expected to result, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. Section 3.05 Properties . (a) Each Company has good, valid and marketable fee simple title to, or valid leasehold interests in, all its Property, free and clear of all Liens except for Permitted Liens. The Property of the Companies, individually and in the aggregate, (i) is in good operating order, condition and repair (ordinary wear and tear and Casualty Events excepted), and (ii) constitutes all of the Property which is required for the business and operations of the Companies as presently conducted. (b) As of the Closing Date, Schedule 3.05(b) contains a true and complete list of each ownership and leasehold interest in Real Property (i) owned by any Company and describes the type of interest therein held by such Loan Party, the common street address, and the name of the Loan Party that owns such Real Property and (ii) leased, subleased, licensed or otherwise occupied or utilized by any Company, as lessee, sublessee, franchisee or licensee, the name of the Loan Party that leases such Real Property, a description of the lease, sublease, license, use or occupancy agreement pursuant to which such rights have been granted, and the parties to such agreement (collectively, the Real Property Leases ). Each Real Property Lease is in full force and effect and constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation on the applicable Loan Party which is a party to it, enforceable in accordance with its terms, No Loan Party, nor to the Company s knowledge any other party, is in breach or default under such Real Property Lease and no event has occurred or circumstance exists which, with the delivery of notice, the passage of time or both, would constitute such a breach or default or permit the termination, modification or acceleration of rent under such Real Property Lease, and no Loan Party nor the Company has subleased, licensed, or otherwise granted to any Person the right to use or occupy any Real Property. (c) No Mortgage encumbers Real Property on which a Building (as defined in 12 C.F.R. Chapter III, Section 339.2) is located in an area that has been identified by the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development as an area having special flood hazards within the meaning of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 unless flood insurance available under such Act has been obtained and is in full force and effect as required by this Agreement. (d) Each Company owns or has rights to use all of its property and all rights with respect to any of the foregoing which are required for the business and operations of the Companies as presently conducted. The use by each Company of its property and all such rights with respect to the foregoing do not infringe on the rights or other interests of any person. No claim has been made and remains outstanding that any Company s use of any of its property does or may violate the rights of any third party. The present uses of the Real Property and the current operations of each Company s business do not violate in any material respect any provision of any applicable building codes, subdivision regulations, fire regulations, health regulations or building and zoning by-laws. (e) There is no pending or threatened condemnation or eminent domain proceeding with respect to, or that could affect, any of the Real Property of any Company. (f) Each parcel of Real Property is taxed as a separate tax lot and is currently being used in a manner that is consistent with and in compliance in all material respects with the property classification assigned to it 
 81 

for real estate tax assessment purposes. (g) No Company is obligated under, or a party to, any option, right of first refusal or other contractual right to sell, assign or dispose of any Real Property or any portion thereof or interest therein. (h) Other than as set forth on Schedule 3.05(h), there are no leases, subleases, licenses or other use or occupancy agreements granting any other person the right to the possession, use or occupancy of any portion of the Real Property. (i) All buildings, structures, improvements, fixtures, building systems and equipment, and all components thereof included in the Real Property (the Improvements are in good condition and repair (reasonable wear and tear excepted) and sufficient for the operation of the Company s business. To the knowledge of the Loan Parties, there are no material structural deficiencies or latent defects affecting any of the Improvements and there are no facts or conditions affecting any of the Improvements which would, individually or in the aggregate, interfere in any material respect with the use or occupancy of the Improvements or any portion thereof in the operation of the Company s business. Section 3.06 Intellectual Property . (a) Each Company owns or is licensed to use, free and clear of all Liens (other than Permitted Liens), patents, copyrights, trademarks, service marks, trade dress, trade names, domain names trade secrets, confidential information, proprietary information, inventions, databases, software, formulae, works of authorship, know-how, processes, and other intellectual property (collectively, the Intellectual Property used in the conduct of the business of such Company as currently conducted and (b) no actions, suits, claims, disputes, or proceedings are pending, or to the knowledge of such Loan Party are threatened, (i) alleging that any Company infringes, misappropriates, dilutes or otherwise violates any Intellectual Property of any third-party, or (ii) challenging the validity, enforceability, registration, or ownership of any Intellectual Property owned any Company, and such Loan Party is not aware of any facts or circumstances that would reasonably form the basis of any such actions, suits, claims, disputes, or proceedings, except in each case as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Section 3.07 Equity Interests and Subsidiaries . (a) Schedule 3.07(a) sets forth a list of (i) each Company and its jurisdiction of incorporation or organization as of the Closing Date and (ii) the number of each class of the Equity Interests of each Company authorized, and the number outstanding, on the Closing Date and the number of shares covered by all outstanding options, warrants, rights of conversion or purchase and similar rights on the Closing Date. All Equity Interests of each Company are duly and validly issued and are fully paid and non-assessable (as applicable). Each Loan Party is the record and beneficial owner of, and has good title to, the Equity Interests pledged (or purporting to be pledged) by it under the Security Documents, free of any and all Liens, rights or claims of other persons and, as of the Closing Date, there are no outstanding warrants, options or other rights to purchase, or shareholder, voting trust or similar agreements outstanding with respect to, or Property that is convertible into, or that requires the issuance or sale of, any such Equity Interests (or any economic of voting interests therein). (b) Other than as required by foreign Legal Requirements with respect to the Equity Interests in any Foreign Subsidiary, no consent of any person including any general or limited partner, any other member or manager of a limited liability company, any shareholder or any other trust beneficiary is necessary or reasonably desirable (from the perspective of a secured party) in connection with the creation, perfection or first priority status (or the maintenance thereof) of the security interest of the Collateral Agent in any Equity Interests pledged to the Collateral Agent under the Security Documents or the exercise by the Collateral Agent or any other Secured Party of the voting or other rights provided for in the Security Documents or the exercise of remedies in respect of such Equity Interests. (c) A complete and accurate organization chart, showing the ownership structure of the Companies on the Closing Date, after giving effect to the Transactions, is set forth on Schedule 3.07(c) . 
 82 

Section 3.08 Litigation; Compliance with Laws . (a) There are no actions, suits, claims, disputes, proceedings or, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, investigations at law or in equity by or before any Governmental Authority now pending or, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, threatened against or affecting any Company or any business, Property or rights of any Company that purport to affect or (i) involve any Loan Document, any Specified Hedging Agreement, any Bank Product Agreement or any of the Transactions or (ii) have resulted in, or, individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to result in, a Material Adverse Effect. (b) No Company or any of its Property is in (i) violation of, nor will the continued operation of its Property or business as currently conducted violate, any Legal Requirements (including any zoning or building ordinance, code or approval or any building permits) or any restrictions of record or agreements affecting any Company s Real Property or (ii) default with respect to any Order, where such violation or default contemplated under subclauses (i) or (ii), would, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Section 3.09 Federal Reserve Regulations . (a) No Company is engaged principally, or as one of its important activities, in the business of purchasing or carrying Margin Stock or extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying Margin Stock. (b) No part of the proceeds of any Credit Extension will be used, whether directly or indirectly, and whether immediately, incidentally or ultimately, for purchasing or carrying Margin Stock or for any other purpose that entails a violation of, or that is inconsistent with, the provisions of the regulations of the Board, including Regulation T, U or X. The pledge of the Securities Collateral pursuant to the Security Agreement does not violate such regulations. Section 3.10 Investment Company Act . No Company is an investment company or a Company controlled by an investment company , as defined in, or subject to regulation under, the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. Section 3.11 Use of Proceeds . (a) On the Closing Date, the Borrower will use the proceeds of the Term Loans to finance, in part, the Merger, fund all or a portion of the Refinancing and to pay all or a portion of any related fees and expenses (including any upfront fees and original issue discount) related thereto. Subject to Section 3.11(c), the Borrower will use the proceeds of the Revolving Loans after the Closing Date for working capital and general corporate purposes not prohibited by this Agreement. Substantially concurrently with the funding of the 2022 Incremental Term Loans on the First Amendment Effective Date, the Borrower will use the proceeds of the 2022 Incremental Term Loans to (i) finance the acquisition of Orient BioResource Center, Inc. and to pay all or a portion of any related fees and expenses (including any upfront fees and original issue discount) related thereto and (ii) repay Revolving Loans outstanding on the First Amendment Effective Date. The use of proceeds of the Loans hereunder will not be used, directly or indirectly, in violation of Anti Corruption Laws or applicable Sanctions any law, rule or regulation . (b) The Borrower shall use the proceeds of the Delayed Draw Term Loans to (i) directly or indirectly finance Permitted Acquisitions (other than the Mergers), (ii) finance Designated Capital Expenditures or (iii) replenish cash on the balance sheet or repay Revolving Loans that, in either case, were drawn to finance Permitted Acquisitions or Designated Capital Expenditures and were drawn within 180 days of such Revolving Loans draw. (c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the proceeds of the Revolving Loans be used for any purpose (i) during the Amendment Relief Period, other than funding operational expenses of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business (and, for the avoidance of doubt, not for the making or funding of Investments, Permitted 
 83 

Acquisitions or Restricted Payments, payments or purchases with respect to any Indebtedness, bonuses or executive compensation or judgments, fines or settlements), or (ii) that violates any Legal Requirements, including, without limitation, any Animal Welfare Laws. Section 3.12 Taxes . Each Company has (a) timely filed or caused to be timely filed all U.S. federal and state income Tax Returns and all other material Tax Returns required to have been filed by it and (b) duly and timely paid or caused to be duly and timely paid all U.S. federal and state income Taxes and all other material Taxes (whether or not shown on any Tax Return) due and payable by it and all assessments received by it, except Taxes that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which such Company has set aside on its books adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP. Each Company has made adequate provision in accordance with GAAP for all Taxes not yet due and payable. There is no material action, suit, proceeding, investigation, audit, assessment, deficiency or other claim now pending by any taxing authority regarding any Taxes relating to any Company, except to the extent that (i) the validity or amount thereof is currently being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings timely instituted and diligently conducted and (ii) the applicable entity has set aside on its books adequate reserves or other appropriate provisions with respect thereto in accordance with. No Loan Party is a party to any Tax sharing or similar agreement with any person that is not a Loan Party. Section 3.13 No Material Misstatements . On the Closing Date (in the case of the Lender Presentation) or at the time furnished (in the case of all other reports, financial statements, certificates or other written information), the Lender Presentation and the other reports, financial statements, certificates or other written information furnished (other than the Projections, forecasts and other forward-looking information, budgets, estimates and information of a general economic or industry-specific nature) by or on behalf of any Company to any Agent or any Lender in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and the negotiation of this Agreement or delivered hereunder or under any other Loan Document (as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished) are complete and correct in all material respects and do not contain any material misstatement of fact or omit to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not materially misleading. Section 3.14 Labor Matters . There are no strikes, lockouts or slowdowns against any Company pending or, to the knowledge of the Loan Parties, threatened that have resulted in, or could reasonably be expected to result in, a Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of the Loan Parties, the hours worked by and payments made to employees of any Company have not been in violation of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, as amended, or any other applicable Legal Requirement dealing with such matters in any manner that has resulted in, or would reasonably be expected to result in, a material liability to the Company. All payments due from any Company, or for which any claim may be made against any Company, on account of wages and employee health and welfare insurance and other benefits, have been paid or accrued as a liability on the books of such Company, except to the extent that the failure to do so has not resulted in, and would not reasonably be expected to result in, a material liability to the Company. The consummation of the Transactions will not give rise to any right of termination or right of renegotiation on the part of any union under any collective bargaining agreement to which any Company is bound. Section 3.15 Solvency . After giving effect to the Transactions, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (on a consolidated basis) (a) have property with fair value greater than the total amount of their debts and liabilities, contingent (it being understood that the amount of contingent liabilities at any time shall be computed as the amount that, in light of all the facts and circumstances existing at such time, represents the amount that can reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured liability), subordinated or otherwise, (b) have assets with present fair salable value not less than the amount that will be required to pay their liability on their debts as they become absolute and matured, (c) will be able to pay their debts and liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, as they become absolute and matured and (d) are not engaged in business or a transaction, and are not about to engage in business or a transaction, for which their property would constitute an unreasonably small capital. For the purposes of this Section 3.15, the amount of any contingent liability at any time shall be computed as the amount that, in light of all of the facts and circumstances existing at such time, represents the amount that can reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured liability (irrespective of whether such contingent liabilities meet the criteria for accrual under Statement of 
 84 

Financial Accounting Standard No. 5). Section 3.16 Employee Benefit Plans . (a) (a) (i) Each Employee Benefit Plan complies and is operated and maintained in compliance with all applicable Legal Requirements, including all applicable provisions of ERISA and the Code and the regulations and published interpretations thereunder and (ii) each Employee Benefit Plan that is intended to qualify under Section 401(a) of the Code has received a favorable determination from the Internal Revenue Service or can rely upon an advisory or opinion letter issued by the Internal Revenue Service and nothing has occurred which would prevent, or reasonably be expected to cause the loss of, such qualification. (b) Except as could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, no ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur. (c) The Companies have no knowledge of any actions, suits or claims pending or threatened with respect to, against or involving an Employee Benefit Plan (other than routine claims for benefits) which would reasonably be expected to be asserted successfully against any Employee Benefit Plan and, ifso asserted successfully, would reasonably be expected either singly or in the aggregate to have a Material Adverse Effect. (d) The Companies and, to the knowledge of the Loan Parties, each ERISA Affiliate, have made all material contributions to or under each Employee Benefit Plan and Multiemployer Plan required by law within the applicable time limits described thereby, the terms of such Employee Benefit Plan or Multiemployer Plan, respectively, or any contract or agreement requiring contributions to an Employee Benefit Plan or Multiemployer Plan save where any failure to comply, individually or in the aggregate, would not result in a material liability to the Companies. (e) Except as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, each Foreign Plan has been maintained in compliance with its terms and with the requirements of all Legal Requirements and has been maintained, where required, in good standing with applicable Governmental Authorities. All contributions required to be made with respect to a Foreign Plan have been timely made. None of the Companies have incurred any obligation in connection with the termination of, or withdrawal from, any Foreign Plan. Section 3.17 Environmental Matters . Except as set forth on Schedule 3.17, or would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect: (i) the Companies and their businesses, operations and Real Property are and have at all times during the Companies ownership or lease thereof been in compliance with, and the Companies have no liability under, any applicable Environmental Law, and the Loan Parties reasonably believe that compliance with any Environmental Law that is or is expected to become applicable to the Companies and their businesses will be timely attained and maintained without material expense; (ii) the Companies have obtained, maintained in good standing and are in compliance with all Environmental Permits required for the conduct of their businesses and operations, and the ownership, operation and use of their Real Property. No material expenditures or operational adjustments are reasonably anticipated to be required to remain in compliance with the terms and conditions of, or to renew or modify, such Environmental Permits; (iii) there has been no Release or threatened Release or any handling, management, generation, treatment, transport, storage or disposal of Hazardous Materials on, at, under or from any Real Property or facility presently or formerly owned, leased or operated by any of the Companies or their predecessors in interest or, to the knowledge of the Loan Parties, at, on, under or from any other location (including, without limitation, any location to which Hazardous Materials have been sent for re-use, recycling, treatment, storage, or disposal), that has resulted in, or is reasonably likely to result in, either liability or obligations of the Companies under Environmental Law, assertion of an Environmental Claim against the Companies, interfere with any of the Companies businesses and operations, or impair the fair saleable value 
 85 

of any Real Property; (iv) there is no Environmental Claim pending or, to the knowledge of the Loan Parties, threatened in writing against any of the Companies, or relating to the Real Property currently or formerly owned, leased or operated by any of the Companies or relating to the operations of the Companies (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any request for information under CERCLA or other Environmental Laws), and, to the knowledge of the Loan Parties, there are no actions, activities, circumstances, conditions, events or incidents that are reasonably likely to form the basis of such an Environmental Claim; (v) the Companies are not subject to any pending or outstanding Order or agreement pursuant to which any Company is subject to any material liabilities or obligations under Environmental Law; (vi) no person with an indemnity, contribution or other obligation to any of the Companies relating to compliance with or liability under Environmental Law is in default with respect to any such indemnity, contribution or other obligation, and the Companies have not assumed or retained, by contract or operation of law, any liability arising under Environmental Law of any kind, whether fixed or contingent, known or unknown; (vii) the Companies have made available to the Lenders all material records and files in the possession, custody or control of, or otherwise reasonably available to, the Companies concerning compliance with or liability or obligation under Environmental Law, including those concerning the environmental condition of the Real Property or the existence of Hazardous Materials at Real Property or facilities currently or formerly owned, operated, leased or used by any of the Companies. Section 3.18 Insurance . Schedule 3.18 sets forth a description in reasonable detail of all insurance maintained by each Company as of the Closing Date. All insurance maintained by the Companies is in full force and effect, all premiums due have been duly paid, no Company has received notice of violation or cancellation thereof, the Premises, and the use, occupancy and operation thereof, comply in all material respects with all Insurance Requirements, and there exists no default under any Insurance Requirement. Each Company has insurance in such amounts and covering such risks and liabilities as are customary for companies of a similar size engaged in similar businesses in similar locations. Section 3.19 Security Documents . (a) (a) The Security Agreement is effective to create in favor of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a legal, valid, binding and enforceable security interests in the Security Agreement Collateral described therein and the proceeds and products thereof and, when (i) financing statements in appropriate form are filed in the offices specified in the Perfection Certificate (as updated in accordance with the terms hereof) and (ii) upon the taking of possession or control by the Collateral Agent of the Security Agreement Collateral with respect to which a security interest may be perfected only by possession or control (which possession or control shall be given to the Collateral Agent to the extent possession or control by the Collateral Agent is required by each Security Document), the Liens created by the Security Agreement shall constitute fully perfected first priority Liens on, and security interests in, all right, title and interest of the grantors thereunder in the Security Agreement Collateral (other than (A) the Intellectual Property Collateral (as defined in the Security Agreement), except to the extent that the filing ofa financing statement is sufficient to perfect a Lien in such Intellectual Property, and (B) such Security Agreement Collateral in which a security interest cannot be perfected under the UCC as in effect at the relevant time in the relevant jurisdiction by (x) the filing of the financing statements referred to in clause (i) of this Section 3.19(a) or (y) the taking of possession or control to the extent required by each Security Document), in each case subject to no Liens other than Permitted Liens. (b) When (i) financing statements in appropriate form are filed in the offices specified on Schedule 9 to the Security Agreement (as updated in accordance with the terms hereof), and (ii) with respect to US registered copyrights, US patents and patent applications, and US registered trademarks and trademark applications, when the 
 86 

Security Agreement or one or more of the short forms thereof is filed in the USPTO or the USCO, as applicable, the Liens created by such Security Agreement shall constitute in the United States fully perfected first priority Liens on, and security interests in, all right, title and interest of the grantors thereunder in the Intellectual Property Collateral, in each case, if and to the extent a security interest in such Intellectual Property Collateral can be perfected by such filings. (c) Each Mortgage, if any, upon the execution and delivery thereof, shall be effective to create, in favor of the Collateral Agent, for its benefit and the benefit of the Secured Parties, a legal, valid, binding and enforceable first priority Lien on, and security interests in, all of the Loan Parties right, title and interest in and to the Mortgaged Properties thereunder and the proceeds and products thereof (except to the extent that the enforceability thereof may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws generally affecting creditors rights and by equitable principles (regardless of whether enforcement is sought in equity or at law)), and when such Mortgage is filed or recorded in the offices specified in the local counsel opinion delivered with respect thereto in accordance with the provisions of Sections 4.01, 5.10 and 5.11, the Mortgages shall constitute fully perfected first priority Liens on, and security interests in, all right, title and interest of the Loan Parties in the Mortgaged Properties and the proceeds thereof, in each case prior and superior in right to any other person, (other than Persons holding Liens or other encumbrances or rights permitted by the relevant Mortgage) to the extent a security interest in such Mortgagee Property can be perfected by such filings or recordings. (d) Each Security Document delivered pursuant to Sections 5.10 and 5.11 will, upon execution and delivery thereof, be effective to create in favor of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, legal, valid and enforceable Liens on, and security interests in, each of the Loan Party s respective right, title and interest in and to the Collateral thereunder, and in the case of (i) pledged equity interests represented by certificates (x) when such certificates are delivered to the Collateral Agent or (y) when financing statements in appropriate form are filed in the offices specified on Schedule 3.19(d) and (ii) the other Collateral described in the Security Agreement, when financing statements in appropriate form are filed in the offices specified on Schedule 3.19(d) and such other filings as are specified on Schedule 9 to the Security Agreement have been completed to the extent a security interest in such other Collateral can be perfected by such other filings, the Liens in favor of the Collateral Agent created under such Security Document will constitute valid, enforceable and fully perfected first priority Liens on, and security interests in, all right, title and interest of the grantors thereunder in such Collateral, in each case subject to no Liens other than Permitted Liens. Section 3.20 Sanctions . (a) None of the Borrower, any Subsidiary or any of their respective directors, officers, employees, or agents that act in any capacity with the credit facility established hereby is, or has been within the past five years, (i) a Sanctioned Person, (ii) involved in any transactions or dealings with or involving a Sanctioned Country or Sanctioned Person, (iii) the subject of or otherwise involved in investigations or enforcement actions by any Governmental Authority or other legal proceedings with respect to any actual or alleged violations of Sanctions, or (iv) engaged in a transaction, dealing, or activity that might reasonably be expected to cause such Person to become a Sanctioned Person. (b) The Borrower, its Subsidiaries, and their respective directors, officers, employees, and agents that act in any capacity in connection with the credit facility established hereby, are, and have been throughout the past five years, in compliance with applicable Sanctions. (c) The Borrower will maintain in effect and enforce policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance by the Borrower, its Subsidiaries, and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with applicable Sanctions. (d) The Borrower will not request any Borrowing, and the Borrower shall not use, and shall procure that its Subsidiaries and its or their respective directors, officers, employees and agents shall not use, the proceeds of any Borrowing (a) for the purpose of funding, financing or facilitating any activities, business or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any Sanctioned Country, or (c) in any manner that would result in 
 87 

the violation of any Sanctions applicable to any party hereto. Section 3.21 Anti-Terrorism Laws . (a) No Company and, to the knowledge of the Loan Parties, none of their respective Affiliates is in violation of any Legal Requirements relating to terrorism or money laundering Anti-Terrorism Laws ), including Executive Order No. 13224 on Terrorist Financing, effective September 24, 2001 (the Executive Order ), and the USA PATRIOT Improvement and Reauthorization Act, Public Law 109-177 (March 9, 2006), as amended (the Patriot Act ). (b) No Company and, to the knowledge of the Loan Parties, no broker or other agent of any Company acting in any capacity in connection with the Loans conducts any business or engages in making or receiving any contribution of funds, goods or services to or for the benefit of any Sanctioned Person or Sanctioned Country. Section 3.22 Anticorru ption Anti-Corruption . (a) None of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries nor any Affiliate, director, officer, employee of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries or Affiliates, or any Person acting on behalf of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries or Affiliates has: (i) taken any action in violation of any Legal Requirements relating to any applicable anti-corruption law, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (15 U.S.C. 78 dd-1 et seq.), the UK Bribery Act 2010, and laws and regulations implementing the OECD Convention on Combatting Bribery of Foreign Public Officials in International Business Transactions or the UN Convention against Corruption (collectively, Anti-Corruption Laws or (ii) corruptly offered, paid, given, promised to pay or give, or authorized the payment or gift of anything of value, directly or indirectly, to any Person, including any Public Official for purposes of (a) influencing any act or decision of any Person, including any Public Official in an official capacity; (b) inducing such Public Official to do or omit to do any act in violation of a lawful duty; (c) securing any improper advantage; or (d) inducing such Public Official to use his or her influence with a government, government entity, commercial enterprise owned or controlled by any government (including state-owned or controlled veterinary or medical facilities), in order to assist the business or any party related in any way to the business, in obtaining or retaining business. (b) The Borrower, its Subsidiaries and Affiliates have implemented and maintain policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws. (c) There have not been, and are not pending or, to the knowledge of the Loan Parties, threatened, any civil, criminal or administrative actions, suits, demands, claims, hearings, notices of violation, investigations, proceedings, demand letters, settlements or enforcement actions, involving the Loan Parties in any way relating to this Section 3.22 . Section 3.23 Animal Welfare Laws . Other than with respect to any matters disclosed in writing to the Lenders prior to the Second Amendment Effective Date, none of the Borrower, its Subsidiaries or any of their respective Affiliates, nor any of their respective directors, officers or employees, have, to the knowledge (after due inquiry of Responsible Officers who should or could reasonably be expected to know or so inquire (the Relevant Responsible Officers of the Loan Parties, violated any Animal Welfare Laws in any material respect as reasonably determined in the good faith judgment of the Relevant Responsible Officers of the Loan Parties . ARTICLE IV CONDITIONS TO CREDIT EXTENSIONS Section 4.01 Conditions to Initial Credit Extension . The obligation of each Lender to fund the initial Credit Extension on the Closing Date requested to be made by Borrower shall be subject to the prior or concurrent satisfaction or waiver of the conditions precedent set forth in this Section 4.01 (the making of such initial Credit Extension by a Lender being conclusively deemed to be its satisfaction or waiver of the conditions precedent): (a) Loan Documents . The Administrative Agent shall have received (i) this Agreement, executed 
 88 

and delivered by a duly authorized officer of the Borrower and each Subsidiary Guarantor, (ii) a Note, executed and delivered by the Borrower in favor of each Lender that has requested a Note and (iii) the Security Agreement, executed and delivered by a duly authorized officer of the Borrower and each Subsidiary Guarantor; (b) Perfection Certificate . Each Loan Party shall have delivered to the Collateral Agent a completed Perfection Certificate, dated as of the Closing Date, executed by a duly authorized officer of each Loan Party, together with all attachments contemplated thereby; (c) Corporate Documents . The Administrative Agent shall have received: (i) a certificate of the secretary or assistant secretary (or equivalent officer) on behalf of each Loan Party dated the Closing Date, certifying (A) that attached thereto is a true and complete copy of each Organizational Document of such Loan Party and, with respect to the articles or certificate of incorporation or organization (or similar document) certified (to the extent applicable) as of a recent date by the Secretary of State of the state of its organization, (B) that attached thereto is a true and complete copy of resolutions duly adopted by the Board of Directors of such Loan Party authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents to which such person is a party and, in the case of the Borrower, the Borrowings hereunder, and that such resolutions have not been modified, rescinded or amended and are in full force and effect as of the date of such certificate, and (C) as to the incumbency and specimen signature of each Responsible Officer executing any Loan Document or any other document delivered in connection herewith on behalf of such Loan Party (together with a certificate of another officer or authorized person as to the incumbency and specimen signature of the officer or authorized person executing the certificate in this clause (i)); (ii) to the extent applicable, a certificate as to the good standing of each Loan Party as of a recent date, from such Secretary of State (or other applicable Governmental Authority) of its jurisdiction of organization; (iii) the results of a recent lien, tax lien, judgment and litigation search in each of the jurisdictions or offices (including, without limitation, in the United States Patent and Trademark Office and the United States Copyright Office) in which UCC financing statement or other filings or recordations should be made to evidence or perfect security interests in all assets of the Loan Parties), and such search shall reveal no Liens or judgments on any of the assets of the Loan Parties, except for (x) Liens and judgments to be terminated on the Closing Date and (y) Existing Liens; and (iv) a certificate dated the Closing Date and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower, confirming satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Sections 4.01(h) and (i) and Sections 5.02(b) and (c). (d) Refinancing . The Refinancing shall occur on the Closing Date substantially simultaneously with the Credit Extension. (e) [reserved] . (f) Legal Opinions . The Administrative Agent shall have received the legal opinion of (i) Ice Miller LLP, counsel for the Loan Parties and (ii) McGuireWoods LLP, Pennsylvania counsel for the Loan Parties, which opinions shall (A) be dated as of the Closing Date, (B) be addressed to the Agents and the Lenders and (C) cover such matters relating to the Loan Documents and the Transactions as the Administrative Agent may reasonably require. Each Loan Party hereby instructs such counsel to deliver such opinions to the Agents and the Lenders. (g) Solvency Certificate . The Administrative Agent shall have received a solvency certificate in the form of Exhibit H dated the Closing Date and signed by a Financial Officer of the Borrower. (h) Representations and Warranties . The (i) Specified Merger Agreement Representations shall 
 89 

be true and correct solely to the extent required by the terms of the definition thereof and (ii) Specified Representations shall be true and correct in all material respects, or, to the extent qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects, as of the Closing Date (except in the case of any such representation which expressly relates to a given date or period, such representation shall be true and correct in all material respects (or in all respects, as the case may be) as of the respective date or period). (i) No Material Adverse Effect . Since the Effective Date (as defined in the Merger Agreement), there shall have been no events or occurrences that have resulted ina Closing Date Material Adverse Effect. (j) Fees and Expenses . The Arranger, the Lenders and the Administrative Agent shall have received all fees and other amounts due and payable to them on or prior to the Closing Date, including, to the extent invoiced at least two Business Days prior to the Closing Date (unless otherwise reasonably agreed by the Borrower), reimbursement or payment of all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees and expenses (including the legal fees and expenses of Latham Watkins LLP, special counsel to the Agents) and recording taxes and fees. (k) Patriot Act . The Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall have received, at least three (3) Business Days prior to the Closing Date, all documentation and other information with respect to each Loan Party that is required by regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Patriot Act to the extent reasonably requested by any Lender in writing at least ten (10) Business Days in advance of the Closing Date. (l) Beneficial Ownership Certification . If the Borrower qualifies as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, then the Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to the Borrower, to the extent reasonably requested by any Lender in writing at least ten (10) Business Days in advance of the Closing Date. (m) [reserved] . (n) Letter of Direction . The Administrative Agent shall have received a funds flow memorandum and duly executed borrowing notice and letter of direction from the Borrower addressed to the Administrative Agent, on behalf of itself and Lenders, directing the disbursement on the Closing Date of the proceeds of the Loans made on such date. (o) Creation and Perfection of Security Interests . All actions necessary to establish that the Collateral Agent will have a perfected first priority security interest (subject to Permitted Liens) in the Collateral under the Loan Documents shall have been taken (including, without limitation, the execution and delivery to the Administrative Agent of all documents and instruments (if applicable, in proper form for filing) required to establish such security interests), in each case, to the extent such Collateral (including the creation or perfection of any security interest) is required to be provided on the Closing Date; provided that, to the extent any security interest in any Collateral to be provided by any Loan Party is not or cannot be provided and/or perfected on the Closing Date (other than the pledge and perfection of the security interest in the Equity Interests of the Borrower and its Wholly Owned Subsidiaries (which stock certificates shall be delivered on the Closing Date; provided that stock certificates representing Equity Interests in Foreign Subsidiaries shall be delivered within ten (10) Business Days of the Closing Date) that are required to be pledged pursuant to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (and other assets of the Borrower and the Subsidiary Guarantors pursuant to which a lien may be perfected by the filing of a Form UCC-1 or such other financing statement)) after the Loan Parties use of commercially reasonable efforts to do so, neither the perfection of such Collateral nor, in the case of real estate Collateral, the delivery of any mortgages related title policies, surveys, title insurance documents, endorsements or similar documentation, shall constitute a condition precedent to the availability of the Initial Term Loans on the Closing Date, but shall be required to be perfected within 90 days after the Closing Date (subject to extensions by the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion). (p) Acquisition . Mergers shall have been consummated, or substantially simultaneously with the initial borrowings of the Loans hereunder, shall be consummated in accordance with the terms of the Merger 
 90 

Agreement, without giving effect to any alteration, amendment, modification, supplement or waiver or consent thereunder unless otherwise permitted under, or effected in accordance with, the Commitment Letter. (q) Minimum Cash Amount . On the Closing Date, the pro forma balance sheet of the Acquiror and its subsidiaries shall have a minimum amount of 25,000,000 in cash, which cash balance will be automatically reduced by any cash acquisition consideration for transactions that would constitute Permitted Acquisitions had they been consummated after the Closing Date so long as, after giving effect to such acquisition, the First Lien Leverage Ratio would not exceed 3.25:1.00. (r) Unsecured Notes Offering . On or prior to the Closing Date, the Unsecured Notes Offering shall have been consummated. The documents referred to in this Section 4.01 shall be delivered to the Administrative Agent no later than the Closing Date. The certificates and opinions referred to in this Section 4.01 shall be dated the Closing Date. Without limiting the generality of the provisions of Article XI, for purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in this Section 4.01, each Lender that has signed this Agreement shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied with, or waived each document or other matter required thereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to a Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from such Lender prior to the proposed Closing Date specifying its objection thereto. Promptly after the Closing Date occurs, the Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower and the Lenders of the Closing Date, and such notice shall be conclusive and binding on all parties hereto. Section 4.02 Conditions to Revolving Loan Extensions . Subj e ct to claus e s (a)(ii) and (a)(iii) of Section 2.19, th e The obligation of each Revolving Lender to make any Credit Extension (including on the Closing Date) shall be subject to, and to the satisfaction of, each of the conditions precedent set forth below. (a) Notice . The Administrative Agent shall have received a Borrowing Request as required by Section 2.03 (or such notice shall have been deemed given in accordance with Section 2.03) if Loans are being requested. (b) No Default . At the time of and immediately after giving effect to such Credit Extension and the application of the proceeds thereof, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on such date. (c) Representations and Warranties . Each of the representations and warranties made by any Loan Party set forth in Article III or in any other Loan Document shall be true and correct in all material respects provided that, any representation and warranty that is qualified by materiality, material adverse effect or similar language shall be true and correct in all respects (after giving effect to any such qualification therein)) on and as of the date of such Credit Extension with the same effect as though made on and as of such date, except to the extent such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date (in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all material respects (or if any such representation and warranty is qualified by materiality, material adverse effect or similar language, shall be true and correct in all respects (after giving effect to any such qualification therein)) on and as of such earlier date). (d) Anti-Cash Hoarding; Use of Proceeds. (i) At the time of and immediately after giving effect to such Credit Extension and the scheduled use of proceeds thereof, together with any other Borrowings and other scheduled use of cash and Cash Equivalents on hand, in each case, through the third Business Day after such Credit Extension as determined in good faith by the Borrower , the Borrower and its Subsidiaries shall not have cash and Cash Equivalents maintained in the U.S. in an aggregate amount greater than 10,000,000 and (ii) the use of proceeds of such Credit Extension shall comply with Section 5.08. The delivery of a Borrowing Request pursuant to this Section 4.02 and the acceptance by the Borrower of the 
 91 

proceeds of such Credit Extension shall constitute a representation and warranty by the Borrower and each other Loan Party that on the date of such Credit Extension (both immediately before and after giving effect to such Credit Extension and the application of the proceeds thereof) the conditions contained in this Section 4.02 have been satisfied. Section 4.03 Conditions to Delayed Draw Term Loan Extensions . Subject to clauses (a)(ii) and (a)(iii) of Section 2.19, the obligation of each Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender to make any Credit Extension (including on the Closing Date) shall be subject to, and to the satisfaction of, each of the conditions precedent set forth below. (a) Notice . The Administrative Agent shall have received a Borrowing Request as required by Section 2.03 (or such notice shall have been deemed given in accordance with Section 2.03) if Loans are being requested. (b) No Default . At the time of and immediately after giving effect to such Credit Extension and the application of the proceeds thereof, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on such date. (c) Representations and Warranties . Each of the representations and warranties made by any Loan Party set forth in Article III or in any other Loan Document shall be true and correct in all material respects provided that, any representation and warranty that is qualified by materiality, material adverse effect or similar language shall be true and correct in all respects (after giving effect to any such qualification therein)) on and as of the date of such Credit Extension with the same effect as though made on and as of such date, except to the extent such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date (in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all material respects (or if any such representation and warranty is qualified by materiality, material adverse effect or similar language, shall be true and correct in all respects (after giving effect to any such qualification therein)) on and as of such earlier date). (d) First Lien Leverage Ratio . The First Lien Leverage Ratio shall not exceed 3.25:1.00, including the application of the proceeds of such Credit Extension (without netting the cash proceeds of the applicable Delayed Draw Term Loans to the Borrower) and related transactions (but giving effect to other permitted pro forma adjustments). The delivery of a Borrowing Request pursuant to this Section 4.03 and the acceptance by the Borrower of the proceeds of such Credit Extension shall constitute a representation and warranty by the Borrower and each other Loan Party that on the date of such Credit Extension (both immediately before and after giving effect to such Credit Extension and the application of the proceeds thereof) the conditions contained in this Section 4.03 have been satisfied. ARTICLE V AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS Each Loan Party warrants, covenants and agrees with the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and each Lender that so long as this Agreement shall remain in effect and until the Commitments have been terminated and the principal of and interest and premium (if any) on each Loan, all Fees and all other expenses or amounts payable under any Loan Document shall have been paid in full (other than unasserted contingent indemnification obligations), each Loan Party will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to: Section 5.01 Financial Statements, Reports, etc . Furnish to the Administrative Agent for distribution to the Lenders: (a) Annual Reports . Within 90 days after the end of each fiscal year (or, solely with respect to the fiscal year ending September 30, 2022, on or before the earlier of (x) January 13, 2023 and (y) the date by which the Borrower is required to file its 10-K for such fiscal year with the SEC under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act giving effect to any grace period provided by Rule 12b-25 under the Exchange Act (or any successor thereto)), (i) the audited consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the end of such fiscal year and related consolidated statements of income, cash flows and stockholders equity for such fiscal year, which the Borrower may 
 92 

file or be required to file with the SEC under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, in comparative form with such financial statements as of the end of, and for, the preceding fiscal year, all in reasonable detail and prepared in accordance with GAAP and (except with respect to consolidating information) accompanied by an opinion of RSM (US) Ernst Young LLP or other independent public accountants of recognized national standing reasonably satisfactory to the Administrativ e Ag e nt Required Lenders (which opinion shall not be qualified as to scope or contain any going concern or like qualification or exception other than a going concern qualification with respect to (A) any upcoming maturity date of any Indebtedness that is scheduled to occur within one year or (B) any potential inability to satisfy the financial covenants under any Indebtedness on a future date or in a future period), stating that such financial statements fairly present, in all material respects, the consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the dates and for the periods specified in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, and (ii) a management s discussion and analysis of the financial condition and results of operations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries; (b) Quarterly Reports . Within forty five (45) days after the end of each fiscal quarter of the Borrower, commencing with the first fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2021, (i) the unaudited consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the end of such fiscal quarter and related consolidated statements of income and cash flows for such fiscal quarter and for the then elapsed portion of the fiscal year, in comparative form with the consolidated statements of income in reasonable detail and cash flows for the comparable periods in the previous fiscal year, all prepared in accordance with GAAP and accompanied by a certificate of a Financial Officer stating that such financial statements fairly present, in all material respects, the consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the date and for the periods specified in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, and on a basis consistent with the Historical Financial Statements and management s historical adjustments thereto, subject to normal year-end adjustments, including audit adjustments, and the absence of footnotes, (ii) a management s discussion and analysis of the financial condition and results of operations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries and (iii) with r e sp e ct to th e Borrow e r and Envigo only, a key performance indicator report, segment reported in accordance with GAAP, with such content as may be reasonably agreed by the Administrative Agent Required Lenders and the Borrower; (c) Monthly Reports . Within thirty (30) days after the end of each fiscal month, (i) the unaudited consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the end of such fiscal month and related consolidated statements of income and cash flows for such fiscal month and for the then elapsed portion of the fiscal year, in comparative form with the consolidated statements of income in reasonable detail and cash flows for the comparable periods in the previous fiscal year, all prepared in accordance with GAAP (other than any statements of cash flows, which shall be prepared in internal reporting form) and accompanied by a certificate of a Financial Officer stating that such financial statements fairly present, in all material respects, the consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the date and for the periods specified in accordance with GAAP consistently applied (other than any statements of cash flows, which shall be prepared in internal reporting form) , and on a basis consistent with the Historical Financial Statements and management s historical adjustments thereto, subject to normal year-end adjustments, including audit adjustments, and the absence of footnotes and (ii) a key performance indicator report, segment reported in accordance with GAAP, with such content as may be reasonably agreed by the Required Lenders and the Borrower and which shall include the metrics specified by the Required Lenders (or their counsel) to the Borrower on or prior to the Second Amendment Effective Date; (d) Financial Officer s Certificate . Concurrently with any delivery of financial statements under Section 5.01(a) or (b) (i) , a Compliance Certificate (A) certifying that no Default and no Event of Default has occurred or, if a Default or Event of Default has occurred, specifying the nature and extent thereof and any corrective action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto , and that each of the representations and warranties made by any Loan Party in the Loan Documents are true and correct in all material respects as of the date of such Compliance Certificate with the same effect as though made on and as of such date, (B) setting forth (1) the Borrower s calculation of the First Lien Leverage Ratio, the Secured Leverage Ratio, the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio and Consolidated Total Assets in detail reasonably satisfactory to the Administrativ e Ag e nt Required Lenders 
 93 

(including any Pro Forma Basis calculations and adjustments in reasonable detail) and , if the cov e nant is r e quir e d to b e t e st e d for th e p e riod cov e r e d in such financial stat e m e nts a certification as to compliance (or non-compliance) with Section 6.15 and (2) concurrently with delivery in the case of financial statements under Section 5.01(a) (commencing with the financial statements for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2022 2024 , the Borrower s calculation of Excess Cash Flow and (C) setting forth a list of any Material Foreign Subsidiaries (and their respective jurisdictions of organization) ; (e) Budgets . No later than 90 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower (or, solely with respect to the fiscal year ending September 30, 2022, on or before the earlier of (x) January 13, 2023 and (y) the date by which the Borrower is required to file its 10-K for such fiscal year with the SEC under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act giving effect to any grace period provided by Rule 12b-25 under the Exchange Act (or any successor thereto)), commencing with the fiscal year ending September 30, 2022, an annual budget (on a quarterly basis) in form customarily prepared with regard to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries by the Borrower; (f) Other Information . Promptly, from time to time, such other reasonably necessary information regarding the operations, business affairs and financial condition of any Company, or compliance with the terms of any Loan Document, any Specified Hedging Agreement or any Bank Product Agreement or the environmental condition of any Real Property (but in any event, excluding attorney-client privileged information), as the Administrative Agent or any Lender (through the Administrative Agent) may reasonably request; (g) Certification of Public Information . Borrower and each Lender acknowledge that certain of the Lenders may be Public Lenders and, if documents or notices required to be delivered pursuant to this Section 5.01 or otherwise are being distributed through a Platform, any document or notice that the Borrower has indicated contains Non-Public Information shall not be posted on that portion of the Platform designated for Public Lenders. Borrower agrees to clearly designate all information provided to the Administrative Agent by or on behalf of the Borrower which is suitable to make available to Public Lenders. If the Borrower has not indicated whether a document or notice delivered pursuant to this Section 5.01 contains Non-Public Information, the Administrative Agent reserves the right to post such document or notice solely on that portion of the Platform designated for Lenders who wish to receive Non-Public Information with respect to the Borrower, its Subsidiaries or their respective securities; and (h) Quarterly Lender Calls . (i) Within fifteen (15) Business Days (which may be extended for reasonable cause at the Borrower s and the Administrative Agent s reasonable discretion) after delivery of the financial statements required by Section 5.01(b) and (ii) at the request of the Required Lenders, within five (5) Business Days (which may be extended for reasonable cause at the Borrower s and the Administrative Agent s reasonable discretion) after delivery of the financial statements required by Section 5.01(c) , the Borrower shall hold a conference call to which the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Lenders shall be invited to discuss such financial statements, the financial condition of the Loan Parties and the results of operations for the relevant reporting period . ; and (i) Monthly Thirteen Week Cash Flow Forecasts . Within ten (10) Business Days following the end of each calendar month, commencing with the calendar month ending January 31, 2023, a rolling thirteen (13) week cash flow forecast (each a Cash Flow Forecast setting forth all forecasted receipts and disbursements prepared on a monthly basis for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, which shall be in form and detail reasonably satisfactory to the Required Lenders and the Borrower. Section 5.02 Litigation and Other Notices . Furnish to the Administrative Agent (for distribution to the Lenders) written notice of the following promptly (and, in any event, within ten (10) Business Days) following any Responsible Officer s knowledge thereof: (a) any Default or Event of Default specifying the nature and extent thereof and the corrective action (if any) taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto; (b) the filing or commencement of, or any written threat or written notice of intention of any 
 94 

person to file or commence, any action, suit, litigation or proceeding, whether at law or in equity or otherwise by or before any Governmental Authority, (i) against any Company or any Affiliate thereof that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) with respect to any Loan Document, any Specified Hedging Agreement or any Bank Product Agreement or (iii) with respect to any of the Transactions; (c) any development or event that has resulted in, or would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; (d) the occurrence of a Casualty Event in excess of 1,500,000 (whether or not covered by insurance); (e) the occurrence of any ERISA Event that, alone or together with any other ERISA Event that has occurred, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; and (f) the receipt by any Company of any notice of Environmental Claim or violation of or a potential liability under any Environmental Law, or knowledge by any Company that there exists a condition that could reasonably be expected to result in an Environmental Claim or a violation of or liability under, any Environmental Law, in each case, which would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Section 5.03 Existence; Businesses and Properties . (a) . (a) Do or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve, renew and maintain in full force and effect its legal existence and good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization, except as otherwise permitted under Section 6.05 or Section 6.06 . (b) (a) In each case, (x) except as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, do or cause to be done all things necessary to obtain, preserve, renew, extend and keep in full force and effect the rights, permits, privileges, franchises and authorizations to the conduct of its business; comply with all applicable Legal Requirements (including any and all zoning, building, ordinance, code or approval or any building permits or any restrictions of record or agreements affecting the Real Property) and decrees and Orders of any Governmental Authority, whether now in effect or hereafter enacted; pay and perform its obligations under all Leases except when such payments or obligations are being contested in good faith; and at all times maintain, preserve and protect all of its Property and keep such Property in good repair, working order and condition (other than wear and tear occurring in the ordinary course of business) and from time to time make, or cause to be made, all necessary and proper repairs, renewals, additions, improvements and replacements thereto necessary in order that the business carried on in connection therewith may be properly conducted at all times in all material respects and (y) do or cause to be done all things necessary to obtain, preserve, renew, extend and keep in full force and effect all Intellectual Property and at all times maintain, preserve and protect all Intellectual Property; provided that nothing in this clause (b) shall prevent (i) Dispositions of Property, consolidations or mergers by or involving any Company in accordance with Section 6.05 or Section 6.06, (ii) the withdrawal by any Company of its qualification as a foreign business organization in any jurisdiction where such withdrawal would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (iii) the expiration of patents and registered copyrights in accordance with their statutory term, (iv) the expiration of any contract, contract right or other agreement in accordance with its terms or (v) the transfer, assignment, lapse, cancellation, abandonment or other disposal by any Company of any immaterial Intellectual Property, contract, contract right or other agreement that such Company reasonably determines is not useful to its businesses and no longer commercially desirable to retain. Section 5.04 Insurance . (a) Keep its insurable Property insured at all times by financially sound and reputable insurers and maintain such other insurance, in each case, to such extent and against such risks as is customary with companies in the same or similar businesses operating in the same or similar locations, including insurance with respect to Mortgaged Properties and other Properties material to the business of the Companies against such casualties and contingencies and of such types and in such amounts with such deductibles as is customary in the case of similar 
 95 

businesses operating in the same or similar locations as determined by such Company (it being agreed by the Administrative Agent that the insurance as in effect and in the amounts and manner in place on the Closing Date complies with the requirements in this Section 5.04 ). (b) With respect to the Loan Parties and the property constituting Collateral, all such insurance shall (unless otherwise agreed to by the Administrative Agent) (i) provide that no cancellation, material reduction in amount or material change in coverage thereof shall be effective until at least thirty (30) days after receipt by the Collateral Agent of written notice thereof (or if such cancellation is by reason of nonpayment of premium, at least ten (10) days prior written notice) (unless it is such insurer s policy not to provide such a statement) and (ii) name the Collateral Agent as mortgagee (in the case of property insurance) or additional insured on behalf of the Secured Parties (in the case of liability insurance) or loss payee (in the case of property insurance), as applicable. Borrower shall not permit, consent to or seek any amendment or change to any insurance policy that effects a material reduction in amount or a material change in coverage under such policy that would reasonably be expected to be adverse in any material respect to the interests of the Lenders without first providing the Collateral Agent with at least thirty (30) days prior written notice thereof. (c) Notify the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent promptly whenever any separate insurance concurrent in form or contributing in the event of loss with that required to be maintained under this Section 5.04 is taken out by any Company; and promptly upon request of the Administrative Agent, deliver to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent a duplicate original copy of such policy or policies. (d) If any portion of any Mortgaged Property is at any time located in an area identified by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (or any successor agency) as a Special Flood Hazard Area with respect to which flood insurance has been made available under the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (as now or hereafter in effect) or any successor act thereto, then the Borrower shall, or shall cause the applicable Loan Party to (i) maintain, or cause to be maintained, with a financially sound and reputable insurer, flood insurance in an amount and otherwise sufficient to comply with all applicable rules and regulations promulgated pursuant to the flood insurance laws and (ii) deliver to the Administrative Agent evidence of such compliance in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent. Section 5.05 Obligations and Taxes . (a) Pay, file and discharge promptly when due (giving effect to any permitted extensions) all federal and state income Taxes and all other material Taxes, assessments and governmental charges or levies imposed upon it or upon its income or profits or in respect of its Property, before the same shall become delinquent or in default; provided , that such payment and discharge shall not be required with respect to any such Tax, assessment, charge, levy or claim to the extent (i) the validity or amount thereof shall be contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings timely instituted and diligently conducted and the applicable entity shall have set aside on its books adequate reserves or other appropriate provisions with respect thereto in accordance with GAAP and (ii) such contest operates to suspend the collection of the contested Tax, assessment, charge and enforcement of a Lien and (b) timely and accurately file all federal and state income Tax returns and other material Tax returns required to be filed. Section 5.06 Employee Benefits . Except as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, comply with all applicable Legal Requirements, including the applicable provisions of ERISA and the Code with respect to all Employee Benefit Plans, Multiemployer Plans and Foreign Plans. Furnish to the Administrative Agent (a) within ten (10) Business Days (or such later time Administrative Agent may agree to in its sole discretion) after any ERISA Event has occurred that, alone or together with any other ERISA Event, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, a statement of a Financial Officer of the Borrower setting forth details as to such ERISA Event and the action, if any, that the Companies propose to take with respect thereto, (b) upon request by the Administrative Agent and to the extent such are reasonably available to such Financial Officer of the Borrower, copies of (i) the annual report (Form 5500 Series) filed by any Company with the U.S. Department of Labor or comparable foreign Governmental Authority with respect to each Pension Plan or Foreign Plan; (ii) the most recent actuarial valuation report, if any, for each Pension Plan and Foreign Plan maintained, sponsored or contributed to, or required to be maintained, sponsored or contributed to, by any Company; (iii) all notices received by any Company from a 
 96 

Multiemployer Plan sponsor or any Governmental Authority concerning an ERISA Event; and (iv) any documents described in Section 101(k) of ERISA that any Company may request with respect to any Multiemployer Plan to which a Company contributes or is required to contribute provided that if the applicable Company has not requested such documents or notices from the administrator or sponsor of the applicable Multiemployer Plan, such Company shall promptly make a request for such documents or notices from such administrator or sponsor and shall provide copies of such documents or notices promptly after receipt thereof), and (c) promptly, and in any event within thirty (30) days, after becoming aware that (i) Unfunded Pension Liabilities have reached or reach the amount of 10,000,000 or more or is at a level as would be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect (taking into account only Employee Benefit Plans with positive Unfunded Pension Liabilities), (ii) potential withdrawal liability under Section 4201 of ERISA, if the Companies and the ERISA Affiliates were to withdraw completely from any and all Multiemployer Plans, has reached or reaches the amount of 10,000,000 or more or are at a level as would be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect, a detailed written description thereof from a Financial Officer of the Borrower. Section 5.07 Maintaining Records; Access to Properties and Inspections . Keep proper books of record and account in which full, true and correct entries in conformity with GAAP and all Legal Requirements are made of all dealings and transactions in relation to its business and activities. Each Company will permit any representatives designated by the Collateral Agent, the Administrative Agent , the Required Lenders or, during the continuance of a Default or an Event of Default, a any Lender as often as reasonably requested (except not more frequently than once twice in any 12-month period unless a Default or an Event of Default has occurred and is then continuing) upon reasonable prior written notice (except no such advance notice shall be required if an Event of Default has occurred and is then continuing), in each case, to visit and inspect the financial records and the Property of such Company at reasonable times during regular business hours and to make extracts from and copies of such financial records, and permit any representatives designated by the Collateral Agent, the Administrative Agent , the Required Lenders or any Lender to discuss the affairs, finances, accounts and condition of any Company with the officers and employees thereof and Advisors thereof as long as representatives of the Borrower have been given reasonable prior written notice of and the reasonable opportunity to attend any such discussions; provided , that so long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is then continuing, the Borrower shall not bear the cost of more than one two such inspection inspections in any 12-month period by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent; provided , further , that the Collateral Agent, the Administrative Agent - or , the Required Lenders or any Lender, as applicable, shall make all reasonable efforts not to disrupt the business or operations of any such Company. In addition, upon the request of the Required Lenders, each Company shall permit a financial advisor designated by the Required Lenders to meet on-site, in person, with the management of such Company to discuss the affairs, finances, accounts and condition of such Company during the six month six-month period from after the Second Amendment Effective Date. Section 5.08 Use of Proceeds . Use the proceeds of the Loans only for the purposes set forth in Section 3.11 . Section 5.09 Compliance with Environmental Laws . (a) Except, in each case, where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, comply, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to comply, and use commercially reasonable efforts to cause all lessees and other persons occupying Real Property owned, operated or leased by any Company or any of its Subsidiaries to comply, in all material respects, with all Environmental Laws and Environmental Permits applicable to its operations and the Real Property; obtain and maintain in full force and effect all material Environmental Permits applicable to its operations and the Real Property; and conduct all Responses required by any Governmental Authority or under any applicable Environmental Laws, including making appropriate responses to any investigation, notice, demand, claim, suit or other proceeding asserting liability under Environmental Law against the Loan Parties or any of its Subsidiaries and discharge any obligations it may have to any Person thereunder, and in accordance with, the requirements of any Governmental Authority and applicable Environmental Laws. (b) Except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, do or cause to be done all things necessary to prevent any Release of Hazardous Materials by the Companies in, on, under, to or from any Real Property owned, leased or operated by any of the Companies, and ensure that there shall be no Hazardous Materials present at, in, on, or under any Real Property owned, leased or operated by any of the Companies except 
 97 

those that are used, stored, handled and managed in full compliance with applicable Environmental Laws. (c) Except as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, undertake all actions, including Responses, required under Environmental Law or as otherwise reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent, all at the sole cost and expense of the Companies, (i) to address any Release of Hazardous Materials at, from or onto any Real Property owned, leased or operated by any of the Companies or their predecessors in interest as required pursuant to Environmental Law or the requirements of any Governmental Authority; and (ii) to address any environmental conditions relating to any Company, any Company s business or to any Real Property owned, leased or operated by any of the Companies pursuant to any reasonable written request of the Administrative Agent and share with the Administrative Agent all data, information and reports generated or prepared in connection therewith;. (d) Prior to the date that is ninety (90) days after the closing date (subject to extensions by the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion), notify the Administrative Agent in writing of: (1) any Release or threatened Release of Hazardous Materials in, on, under, at, from or migrating to any Real Property owned, leased or operated by any of the Companies, (2) any non-compliance with, or violation of, any Environmental Law applicable to any Company, any Company s business and any Real Property owned, leased or operated by any of the Companies, (3) any Lien (other than Permitted Liens) pursuant to Environmental Law imposed on any Real Property owned by any of the Companies, (4) any investigation or remediation of any Real Property owned, leased or operated by any of the Companies required to be undertaken pursuant to Environmental Law, and (5) any written notice or other written communication received by any Company from any person or Governmental Authority relating to any material Environmental Claim or material liability or potential liability of any Company pursuant to any Environmental Law. Section 5.10 Additional Collateral; Additional Guarantors . (a) Subject to this Section 5.10, with respect to any Property acquired after the Closing Date by any Loan Party that is intended to be subject to the Lien created by any of the Security Documents but is not so subject (but, in any event, excluding any Equity Interest of a Subsidiary not required to be pledged pursuant to the last sentence of Section 5.10(b) and any Excluded Asset), promptly (and in any event within sixty (60) days after the acquisition thereof or such longer period as may be agreed to in writing by the Administrative Agent) (i) execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent such amendments or supplements to the relevant Security Documents or such other documents as the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent shall deem reasonably necessary or advisable to grant to the Collateral Agent, for its benefit and for the benefit of the other Secured Parties, a Lien on such Property under applicable U.S. state and federal law (and applicable foreign law unless the Collateral Agent shall determine in its sole discretion that the cost of complying with such applicable foreign law is excessive in relation to the value of the security to be afforded thereby) subject to no Liens other than Permitted Liens, (ii) to the extent (A) the value of such after-acquired Property would constitute a material portion of the Collateral as a whole, and (B) requested by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, deliver customary and reasonable opinions of counsel to the Borrower in form and substance, and from counsel, reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, and (iii) take all actions reasonably necessary to cause such Lien to be duly perfected to the extent required by such Security Documents in accordance with all applicable Legal Requirements, including the filing of financing statements in such jurisdictions as may be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent and the delivery of Control Agreements (as defined in the Security Agreement) for the benefit of the Administrative Agent to the extent required pursuant to the Security Agreement. Subject to the limitations set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, the Borrower and the other Loan Parties shall otherwise take such actions and execute and/or deliver to the Collateral Agent such documents as the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent shall reasonably require to confirm the validity, perfection and priority of the Lien of the Security Documents against such after-acquired Properties. (b) With respect to any person that is or becomes a Subsidiary ofa Loan Party after the Closing Date (other than (x) Excluded Subsidiaries or (y) a merger subsidiary formed in connection with a Permitted Acquisition so long as such merger subsidiary is merged out of existence pursuant to such Permitted Acquisition within sixty (60) days of its formation thereof or such later date as permitted by the Administrative Agent in its sole 
 98 

discretion , the applicable Loan Party shall promptly (and in any event within sixty (60) days after such person becomes a Subsidiary or such longer period as may be agreed to in writing by the Administrative Agent (or, in the case of Inotiv Nashville, LLC and Histion, LLC, within the time period required under Section 8 of the Third Amendment) (i) deliver to the Collateral Agent the certificates, if any, representing all of the Equity Interests of such Subsidiary, together with undated stock powers or other appropriate instruments of transfer executed and delivered in blank by a duly authorized officer of the holder(s) of such Equity Interests (provided that if the Equity Interests of such Subsidiary is not represented by certificates, the Borrower shall not be required to cause such Equity Interests to be certificated), and all intercompany notes, if any (subject to the limitations set forth in the Security Agreement), owing from such Subsidiary to any Loan Party together with instruments of transfer executed and delivered in blank by a duly authorized officer of such Loan Party and (ii) cause such new Subsidiary (A) to execute a Joinder Agreement to cause such Subsidiary to become a Guarantor and a Pledgor, (B) deliver opinions of counsel to the Borrower in form and substance, and from counsel, reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders , and (C) to take all actions reasonably necessary or advisable in the opinion of the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent to cause the Lien created by the applicable Security Document to be duly perfected to the extent required by such Security Document in accordance with all applicable Legal Requirements, including the filing of financing statements (or equivalent registrations) in such jurisdictions as may be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (1) any Equity Int e r e sts of a Subsidiary that is e ith e r a CFC or a U.S. Foreign Holdco that is required to be delivered to the Collateral Agent pursuant to clause (i) of the pr e c e ding s e nt e nc e may b e limit e d to (A) Voting Stock r e pr e s e nting 65 of th e total voting pow e r of all outstanding Voting Stock of such Subsidiary and (B) 100 of the Equity Interests not constituting Voting Stock of any such Subsidiary e xc e pt that any such Equity Int e r e sts constituting stock e ntitl e d to vote within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.956 2(c)(2) shall be treated as Voting Stock for purpos e s of this S e ction 5.10(b)) if d e liv e ry in e xc e ss of such limits would r e sult in mat e rial adv e rs e tax consequences to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as reasonably determined by Borrower and the Administrativ e Ag e nt and (2) a Subsidiary shall not be required to take the actions specified in clause (ii) of the preceding sentence to the extent such Subsidiary (v) is prohibited from taking such actions by applicable law, rule or regulation or by any contractual obligation existing at the time of acquisition thereof after the Closing Date (to the extent such contractual obligation was not created in contemplation of such acquisition) for so long as such prohibition exists, (w) would require governmental (including regulatory) consent, approval, license or authorization to the extent such consent, approval, license or authorization has not been received upon the Loan Parties using commercially reasonable efforts to acquire the same or (x) is a CFC, a direct or indirect Domestic Subsidiary of a CFC or a U.S. Foreign Holdco if taking such actions would result in material adverse tax consequences to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as reasonably determined by Borrower and the Administrative Agent Required Lenders . Notwithstanding the foregoing, no actions shall be required to be taken in any U.S. or non-U.S. jurisdiction to create or perfect any security interest with respect to any such Subsidiary, including the delivery of any security agreements or pledge agreements governed under the laws of any U.S. or non-U.S. jurisdiction , except as requested by the Required Lenders under Section 5.10(c) . (c) [r e s e rv e d]. (d) At the request of the Required Lenders, promptly (and in any event within forty-five (45) days after such request or such longer period as may be agreed to in writing by the Required Lenders), so long as the applicable jurisdiction of the Material Foreign Subsidiary is reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent (it being understood that Canada, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Germany, Luxembourg, Australia and Mexico are acceptable), (i) deliver pledge agreements with respect to the Equity Interests of any Material Foreign Subsidiary in accordance with applicable local or foreign law to grant a valid, perfected security interest in any such Equity Interests as collateral for the Secured Obligations, which will have substantially similar terms to the Security Agreement with appropriate changes to be agreed by the Borrower and the Required Lenders (and reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent) to reflect foreign law requirements and the nature of the relevant property, and (ii) deliver notices and security agreements in accordance with applicable local or foreign law to grant a valid, perfected security interest in any cash and Cash Equivalents of the Loan Parties held in foreign accounts, which will have substantially similar terms to the related New York law governed Security Documents with appropriate changes to be agreed by the Borrower 
 99 

and the Required Lenders (and reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent) to reflect foreign law requirements and the nature of the relevant property. (e) Promptly (and in any event within 90 days of the acquisition thereof or such longer period as may be agreed to in writing by the Administrative Agent) grant to the Collateral Agent a security interest in and Mortgage on each Real Property owned in fee by such Loan Party as is acquired by such Loan Party after the Closing Date and that, together with any improvements thereon, individually has a Fair Market Value of at least 5,000,000 2,000,000 , as additional security for the Secured Obligations (unless the subject Property is already mortgaged to a third party to the extent permitted by Section 6.02 , and the documents governing such third party mortgage prohibits a Mortgage in favor of the Collateral Agent . Such Mortgages shall be granted pursuant to documentation reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent and shall constitute valid and enforceable perfected first priority Liens subject only to Permitted Liens. The Mortgages or instruments related thereto shall be duly recorded or filed in such manner and in such places as are required by applicable Legal Requirements to establish, perfect, preserve and protect the Liens in favor of the Collateral Agent required to be granted pursuant to the Mortgages and all taxes, fees and other charges payable in connection therewith shall be paid in full by each applicable Loan Party. Such Loan Party shall otherwise take such actions and execute and/or deliver to the Collateral Agent such documents as the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent shall reasonably require to confirm the validity, enforceability, perfection and priority of the Lien of any existing Mortgage or new Mortgage against such after-acquired Real Property (including a Title Policy, a Survey and local counsel opinion (in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent) in respect of such Mortgage) and shall take such actions relating to insurance with respect to such after-acquired Real Property and execute and/or delivery to the Collateral Agent such environmental reports, zoning reports, insurance certificates, flood determinations and evidence of flood insurance (in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent) and other documentation (including with respect to title and flood insurance), in each case in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent, as the Collateral Agent shall reasonably request. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) any fee owned real property with a Fair Mark e t Valu e of l e ss than 5,000,000 (with the amount secured by such mortgag e Mortgage shall be limited to the Fair Market Value of the applicable fee owned real property (to the extent that such real property is located in a jurisdiction that imposes a mortgage recording tax based on the amount of debt secured by the respective mortgage) and with any required mortgages on properties with a value greater than such amount b e ing p e rmitt e d to b e d e liv e r e d within 90 days aft e r th e Closing Dat e (as such dat e may be extended by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion) and ), (ii) in the case of all leasehold interests in real property (oth e r than l e as e holds of manufacturing or distribution c e nt e rs that s e cur e (or were otherwise required to secure) the obligations under any of the debt to be repaid as part of the R e financing, although , the Borrower shall only be required to use its commercially reasonable efforts to obtain any third party consents that may be required to grant such g leasehold mortgage and ii iii no action will be required with respect to any fee-owned Real Property located outside the United States. With respect to any Real Property that is ground leased, the Loan Party shall use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain estoppels and consents from the applicable ground lessors in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent. Upon receipt of any required consents, the Loan Party will deliver all other deliverables required pursuant to this Section 5.10(d) . (f) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 5.10 or any other provision in this Agreement or of any other Loan Document, (i) none of the Loan Parties shall be required to grant a security interest in any Excluded Assets, (ii) none of the Loan Parties shall be required to perfect any pledges, security interests and mortgages in the Collateral by any means other than (A) filings pursuant to the Uniform Commercial Code in the office of the Secretary of State of the relevant State and (2) filings in the United States Patent and Trademark Office and United States Copyright Office with respect to intellectual property as expressly required in the Security Documents, (B) Mortgages in respect of Mortgaged Properties to be filed in the applicable recording office(s) of the counties in which the Mortgaged Property is located (and, if required or customary in the jurisdiction where such Mortgaged Properties are located, fixture filings) and , (C) Control Agreements and (D) subject to any intercreditor arrangements entered into pursuant to this Agreement, delivery to the Lender of all certificates evidencing equity interests required to be delivered in order to perfect the Lender s security interest therein, and intercompany notes and other instruments 
 100 

to be held in its possession, in each case as expressly required in the Security Documents. Section 5.11 Security Interests; Further Assurances . (a) Subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, promptly, upon the reasonable request of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any Lender, at the Borrower s expense, execute, acknowledge and deliver, or cause the execution, acknowledgement and delivery of, and thereafter register, file or record, or cause to be registered, filed or recorded, in an appropriate governmental office, any document or instrument supplemental to or confirmatory of the Security Documents or otherwise deemed by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent reasonably necessary or advisable for the continued validity, enforceability, perfection and priority of the Liens on the Collateral covered thereby subject to no other Liens except Permitted Liens, or obtain any consents or waivers as may be necessary or appropriate in connection therewith. (b) Deliver or cause to be delivered to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent from time to time such other documentation, consents, authorizations, approvals and Orders in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and , the Collateral Agent and the Required Lenders as the Administrative Agent - and , the Collateral Agent or the Required Lenders shall reasonably deem reasonably necessary or advisable to perfect or maintain the validity, enforceability, perfection and priority of the Liens on the Collateral pursuant to the Security Documents, subject to the terms, conditions and limitations of this Agreement and the Security Documents. (c) Upon the exercise by the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any Lender of any power, right, privilege or remedy pursuant to any Loan Document which requires any consent, approval, registration, qualification or authorization of any Governmental Authority, execute and deliver all applications, certifications, instruments and other documents and papers that the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or such Lender may reasonably require. (d) If the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or the Required Lenders reasonably determine that they are required by any Legal Requirements to have appraisals prepared in respect of the Real Property of any Loan Party constituting Collateral, the Borrower shall provide to the Administrative Agent appraisals that satisfy the applicable requirements of the Real Estate Appraisal Reform Amendments of FIRREA and are otherwise in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent. (e) In furtherance of the foregoing in this Section 5.11 and Section 5.10, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable Legal Requirements, each Loan Party (A) authorizes each of the Collateral Agent and/or the Administrative Agent to (x) if any of the Companies shall be in non-compliance with Section 5.11 or Section 5.12 or of any provision of any of the Security Agreement or if any Default or Event of Default has occurred and is then continuing, execute any such documentation, consents, authorizations, approvals, Orders, applications, certifications, instruments and other documents and papers in such Loan Party s name to the extent necessary to satisfy such Company s obligations under Section 5.11 or 5.12 herein or under any Security Document, and (y) to file such agreements, instruments or other documents in any appropriate filing office, and (B) authorizes each of the Collateral Agent and/or the Administrative Agent to file any financing statement (and/or equivalent foreign registration) required hereunder or under any other Loan Document, and any continuation statement or amendment (and/or equivalent foreign registration) with respect thereto, in any appropriate filing office without the signature of such Loan Party. Section 5.12 Information Regarding Collateral . (a) Other than with respect to any Immaterial Subsidiary, not effect any change (i) in any Loan Party s legal name, (ii) in the location of any Loan Party s chief executive office (if such Loan Party is not a registered organization), (iii) in any Loan Party s organizational type, (iv) in any Loan Party s federal taxpayer identification number or organizational identification number, if any (except as may be required by applicable Legal Requirements, in which case, the Borrower shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent of such change), or (v) in any Loan Party s jurisdiction of organization (in each case, including by merging with or into any other entity, reorganizing, dissolving, 
 101 

liquidating, reorganizing or organizing in any other jurisdiction), unless (A) it gives the Collateral Agent and the Administrative Agent not less than thirty (30) days (or such shorter period as agreed to in writing by the Collateral Agent) prior written notice of such change, clearly describing such change and providing such other information in connection therewith as the Collateral Agent or the Administrative Agent may reasonably request and (B) it takes all action reasonably requested by the Collateral Agent to maintain the validity, enforceability, perfection and priority of the security interest of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties in the Collateral, if applicable, subject to the terms, conditions and limitations of this Agreement and the Security Documents. Each Loan Party shall promptly provide the Collateral Agent with certified Organizational Documents reflecting any of the changes described in the preceding sentence. Each Loan Party shall promptly notify the Collateral Agent of any change in the location of any office in which it maintains books or records relating to Collateral owned by it or any office or facility at which Collateral is located (including the establishment of any such new office or facility), other than changes in location to a Mortgaged Property. (b) Concurrently with the delivery of financial statements pursuant to Section 5.01(a), deliver to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent for distribution to the Lenders a Perfection Certificate Supplement accompanied by, after the Second Amendment Effective Date, a comparison of such Perfection Certificate Supplement to the most recent previously delivered Perfection Certificate or Perfection Certificate Supplement. (c) Concurrently with the delivery of financial statements pursuant to Section 5.01(b), deliver to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent for distribution to the Lenders (i) a true and correct organization chart showing the ownership structure of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the date of such delivery; and (ii) a certification dated as of such delivery date that the Borrower has no Subsidiaries other than those Subsidiaries listed on such certification, which list shall identify (w) the direct owner(s) of each such owner(s) and their percentage ownership interest therein, (x) the jurisdiction of organization of such Subsidiary, (y) if such Subsidiary is a Loan Party or a non-Loan Party, and (z) if such Subsidiary is a non-Loan Party, the basis on which the Borrower has determined that such Person is an Excluded Subsidiary or otherwise not required to become a Subsidiary Guarantor pursuant to this Agreement. Section 5.13 [ reserved] . Section 5.14 [reserved] . Section 5.15 Fiscal Year . Maintain its fiscal year-end to the date of September 30. Section 5.16 Sanctions; Anti-Money Laundering; Anti-Corruption Compliance . (a) Not directly or indirectly use the proceeds of any Borrowing (i) for the purpose of funding, financing or facilitating any activities, business or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any Sanctioned Country, or (ii) in any manner that would result in the violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws or Sanctions applicable to any party hereto (and the Loan Parties shall deliver to the Lenders confirmation requested from time to time by any Lender in its reasonable discretion, of the Loan Parties compliance with this Section 5.16) ; . (b) Not cause or permit any of the funds of such Loan Party that are used to repay the Loans to be derived from any unlawful activity with th e r e sult that th e making of th e Loans would b e in violation of any applicable Legal Requirement . (c) Each Loan Party (i) will comply, and will ensure that its directors, officers, employees, agents and Affiliates comply, with the Anti-Corruption Laws; and (ii) will maintain in effect and enforce policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance by the Loan Parties and their respective directors, officers, employees, agents and Affiliates with Anti-Corruption Laws. Section 5.17 Line of Business . Not engage in any material line of business substantially different from those 
 102 

lines of business conducted by any Loan Party on the Closing Date or any business reasonably related, similar, corollary, ancillary, complementary or incidental thereto or reasonable extensions thereof. Section 5.18 Post-Closing Obligations . Within the time periods specified on Schedule 5.18 (or such later date to which the Administrative Agent consents in its sole discretion), comply with the provisions set forth in Schedule 5.18 . Section 5.19 Beneficial Ownership Certifications . As of the Closing Date, the information included in the Beneficial Ownership Certification is true and correct in all respects. ARTICLE VI NEGATIVE COVENANTS Each Loan Party warrants, covenants and agrees with the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and each Lender that, so long as this Agreement shall remain in effect and until the Commitments have been terminated and the principal of and interest and premium (if any) on each Loan, all Fees and all other expenses or amounts payable under any Loan Document have been paid in full (other than unasserted contingent indemnification obligations), no Loan Party will, nor will they cause or permit any Subsidiaries to: Section 6.01 Indebtedness . Incur, create, assume or permit to exist, directly or indirectly, any Indebtedness, except: (a) Indebtedness incurred under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (including Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 2.19 and Section 2.21 hereof); (b) Indebtedness outstanding on the Closing Date and listed on Schedule 6.01(b) ; (c) Indebtedness constituting Hedging Obligations entered into in the ordinary course of business and not for speculative purposes; provided that if such Hedging Obligations arise under Hedging Agreements that are designed to protect against fluctuations in interest rates (i) such Hedging Obligations relate to Indebtedness for borrowed money otherwise permitted to be incurred by the Loan Documents and (ii) the notional principal amount of such Hedging Obligations at the time incurred does not exceed the principal amount of the Indebtedness to which such Hedging Obligations relate; (d) Indebtedness resulting from Investments, including loans or advances, permitted by Section 6.04 ; (e) Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in respect of Purchase Money Obligations, Capital Lease Obligations and Synthetic Lease Obligations in an amount not to exceed , in the aggregate, at any time outstanding, 20,000,000; provided that during the Amendment Relief Period no more than 2,000,000 of aggregate Indebtedness shall be permitted to be incurred under this Section 6.01(e); (f) Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in respect of (x) workers compensation claims and self-insurance obligations (in each case other than for or constituting an obligation for money borrowed), including guarantees or obligations of any Company with respect to letters of credit supporting such workers compensation claims and/or self-insurance obligations and (y) bankers acceptances and bid, performance, surety bonds or similar instruments issued for the account of any Company in the ordinary course of business, including guarantees or obligations of any Company with respect to bankers acceptances and bid, performance or surety obligations (in each case other than for or constituting an obligation for money borrowed); (g) Contingent Obligations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in respect of Indebtedness otherwise permitted under this Section 6.01 (other than under Section 6.01(j)) ; (h) Indebtedness arising from the honoring by a bank or other financial institution of a check, 
 103 

draft or similar instrument inadvertently (except in the case of daylight overdrafts) drawn against insufficient funds in the ordinary course of business so such Indebtedness is extinguished within five (5) Business Days; (i) Indebtedness arising in connection with endorsement of instruments for deposit in the ordinary course of business; (j) (i) Indebtedness of Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties (but only to the extent non-recourse to the Loan Parties) in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding, together with Indebtedness of Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties outstanding pursuant to Section 6.01(o), not to exceed 5,000,000 , ; provided that no Indebtedness shall be permitted to be incurred under this Section 6.01(j)(i) during the Amendment Relief Period; and (ii) guarantees by Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties of Indebtedness permitted under the preceding clause (i); (k) Indebtedness which represents a refinancing, refunding, extension or renewal of any of the Indebtedness described in clause (b), (e), (l), (o), (w) or (x) (any such refinancing, refunding, extension or renewal, a Permitted Refinancing provided that (A) any such refinancing, refunded, extended or renewed Indebtedness is in an aggregate principal amount (or aggregate amount, as applicable) not greater than the aggregate principal amount (or aggregate amount, as applicable) of the Indebtedness being refinanced, refunded, extended or renewed, plus the amount of any accrued or capitalized interest, premiums required to be paid thereon and reasonable fees and expenses associated therewith, plus the amount of any existing commitments unutilized thereunder, (B) such refinancing, refunded, extended or renewed Indebtedness has a later or equal final maturity and longer or equal weighted average life to maturity than the Indebtedness being renewed or refinanced, (C) the covenants, events of default, subordination (including lien subordination) and other terms and provisions thereof (including any guarantees thereof or security documents in respect thereof) shall be, in the aggregate, no less favorable to the debtholders in respect thereof than those contained in the Indebtedness being refinanced, refunded, extended or renewed, (D) such refinanced, refunded, extended or renewed Indebtedness shall not be secured by any additional assets that do not secure such Indebtedness immediately prior to such refinancing, refunding, extension or renewal (and if so secured, such liens shall be of the same or lower priority as the liens securing such refinanced, refunded, extended or renewed Indebtedness), (E) if such Indebtedness being refinanced, refunded, extended or renewed is Guaranteed, it shall not be Guaranteed by any Person other than a Loan Party, (F) such refinanced, refunded, extended or renewed Indebtedness is incurred by the person or persons who are the obligors on the Indebtedness immediately prior to such refinancing, refunding, extension or renewal, (G) if such Indebtedness being refinanced, refunded, extended or renewed is subordinated relative to the Obligations, such Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness shall be at least as subordinated to the Obligations as such Indebtedness being refinanced, refunded, extended or renewed, -and (H) no Default or Event of Default has occurred or is continuing or would immediately thereafter result therefrom and (I) during the Amendment Relief Period, no Permitted Refinancing shall be permitted to be incurred unless within 180 days of the maturity of the Indebtedness being refinanced, refunded, extended or renewed ; (l) intercompany Indebtedness owing (i) by and among the Loan Parties, (ii) by Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties to Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties, (iii) by Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties to Loan Parties; provided that outstanding Indebtedness under this clause (l)(iii) (together with Investments in Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties outstanding pursuant to Section 6.04(e)(iv) or Section 6.04(k)(C) shall not exceed 7,500,000 at any time, and (iv) by Loan Parties to Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties, provided that Indebtedness under this clause (l)(iv) shall be subordinated to the Obligations pursuant to subordination terms reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent Required Lenders ; (m) Indebtedness arising as a direct result of judgments against the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, in each case to the extent not constituting an Event of Default; (n) unsecured Indebtedness representing any Taxes to the extent such Taxes are permitted to not be paid or discharged at such time in accordance with Section 5.05 herein; (o) Indebtedness assumed in a Permitted Acquisition that is not made during the Amendment 
 104 

Relief Period ; provided that (i) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing as of the date the definitive agreement for such Permitted Acquisition is executed and (ii) such Indebtedness shall not have been incurred in contemplation of such Permitted Acquisition; provided , further , that the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness incurred pursuant to this clause (o) by Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties (together with Indebtedness of Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties incurred pursuant to Section 6.01(j)) shall not exceed 5,000,000 at any time outstanding; (p) Indebtedness consisting of (i) the financing of insurance premiums or (ii) take-or-pay obligations contained in supply arrangements, in each case, in the ordinary course of business; (q) the Permitted Convertible Indebtedness issued on or prior to the Closing Date in any amount not to exceed 150,000,000; (r) (A) unsecured non-cash Indebtedness of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries owing to employees, former employees, officers, former officers, directors, former directors (or any spouses, ex-spouses, or estates of any of the foregoing) in connection with the repurchase of Equity Interests of the Borrower issued to any of the aforementioned employees, former employees, officers, former officers, directors, former directors (or any spouses, ex-spouses, or estates of any of the foregoing) not to exceed, at any time outstanding, 2,000,000 or (B) other deferred compensation to employees, former employees, officers, former officers, directors, former directors (or any spouses, ex-spouses, or estates of any of the foregoing) incurred in the ordinary course of business or in connection with Permitted Acquisitions or other Investments permitted hereunder; (s) Indebtedness incurred by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries arising from agreements providing for indemnification related to sales of goods or adjustment of purchase price or similar obligations in any case incurred in connection with the Disposition of any business, assets or Subsidiary; (t) Indebtedness in respect of netting services, automatic clearinghouse arrangements and similar arrangements in each case in connection with deposit accounts incurred in the ordinary course; (u) obligations in respect of performance, bid, customs, government, appeal and surety bonds, performance and completion guaranties and similar obligations provided by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, in each case in the ordinary course of business; (v) conditional sale, title retention, consignment or similar arrangements for the sale of goods in the ordinary course of business; (w) unsecured Indebtedness in an aggregate outstanding principal amount not to exceed 20,000,000 at any time; provided that (i) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or shall immediately occur upon the incurrence of such Indebtedness ; and (ii) no Indebtedness shall be permitted to be incurred under this Section 6.01(w) during the Amendment Relief Period; provided , further , that the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness incurred pursuant to this clause (w) by Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties shall not exceed 5,000,000 at any time outstanding; (x) additional Indebtedness of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries; provided that , (i) immediately after giving effect to any incurrence of Indebtedness under this clause (x), the sum of the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness at any time outstanding under this clause (x) shall not exceed 15,000,000 at any time outstanding ; provided , further , that , (ii) the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness incurred pursuant to this clause (x) by Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties shall not exceed 5,000,000 at any time outstanding; provided that during the Amendment Relief Period no more than 2,000,000 of aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness shall be permitted to be incurred under this Section 6.01(x)(ii), (iii) during the Amendment Relief Period, such Indebtedness under this clause (x) shall not be permitted to be incurred to finance, or in connection with, any Permitted Acquisition or other Investment and (iv) if such Indebtedness is secured (other than Indebtedness of non-Loan Parties permitted under Section 6.01(x)(ii), which Indebtedness may be secured by assets of such non-Loan Parties with a fair market value not in excess of the amount of such Indebtedness), it shall only be secured by a Lien on the Collateral that is junior to the Lien securing the Obligations and shall be subject to intercreditor 
 105 

arrangements in form and substance satisfactory to the Required Lenders; (y) Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in respect of letters of credit in an aggregate face amount not to exceed 5,000,000 at any time outstanding; and (z) Swap Obligations of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries under Swap Agreements to the extent entered into in order to manage interest rate, foreign currency exchange rate and commodity pricing risks and not for speculative purposes. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness of all non-Loan Parties and Foreign Subsidiaries shall not exceed 15,000,000 at any time outstanding. Section 6.02 Liens . Create, incur, assume or permit to exist, directly or indirectly, any Lien on any Property now owned or hereafter acquired by it or on any income or revenues or rights in respect of any thereof, except the following (collectively, the Permitted Liens ): (a) Liens for Taxes, assessments or governmental charges or levies not yet due and payable and Liens for Taxes, assessments or governmental charges or levies which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings for which adequate reserves have been established in accordance with GAAP, which proceedings (or Orders entered in connection with such proceedings) have the effect of preventing the forfeiture or sale of the Property subject to any such Lien; (b) Liens in respect of Property of any Company imposed by law, which were incurred in the ordinary course of business and do not secure Indebtedness for borrowed money, such as carriers , warehousemen s, materialmen s, landlords , workmen s, suppliers , repairmen s and mechanics Liens and other similar Liens arising in the ordinary course of business, and which do not individually or in the aggregate materially impair the use, occupancy or value of the Property of the Companies, and are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings for which adequate reserves have been established in accordance with GAAP, which proceedings (or Orders entered in connection with such proceedings) have the effect of preventing the forfeiture or sale of the Property subject to any such Lien; (c) any Lien in existence on the Closing Date and set forth on Schedule 6.02(b) (any such Lien, an Existing Lien and any Lien granted as a replacement or substitute therefor; provided that any such replacement or substitute Lien (i) except as permitted by clause (A) of the proviso to Section 6.01(k), does not secure an aggregate amount of Indebtedness or other obligations, if any, greater than that secured on the Closing Date plus any capitalized interest, fees and expenses thereon, (ii) does not encumber any Property other than the Property subject thereto on the Closing Date and any proceeds and products thereof and (iii) is of the same or lower priority than such Existing Lien; (d) easements, rights-of-way, restrictions (including zoning restrictions), covenants, licenses, encroachments, protrusions and other similar charges or encumbrances, and minor title deficiencies on or with respect to any Real Property, in each case that do not or would not materially interfere with the present conduct, occupancy or value of the Companies at such Real Property; (e) Liens to the extent (i) arising out of judgments, attachments or awards not constituting an Event of Default at the time such Liens are created and (ii) constituting the pledge of assets for the purpose of securing an appeal, stay or discharge in the course of any Legal proceeding; (f) Liens (other than any Lien imposed by ERISA) (x) imposed by law or deposits made in connection therewith in the ordinary course of business in connection with workers compensation, unemployment insurance and other types of social security legislation, or letters of credit or guarantees issued respect thereof, (y) incurred in the ordinary course of business to secure the performance of tenders, statutory obligations (other than excise taxes), surety, stay, customs and appeal bonds, statutory bonds, bids, leases, government contracts, trade contracts, performance and return of money bonds and other similar obligations or letters of credit or guarantees issued in respect thereof (in each case, exclusive of obligations for the payment of Indebtedness) or (z) arising by virtue of deposits 
 106 

made in the ordinary course of business to secure liability for premiums to insurance carriers; provided that (i) with respect to clauses (x), (y) and (z) of this clause (f), such Liens are for amounts not yet due and payable or delinquent or, to the extent such amounts are so due and payable, such amounts are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings for which adequate reserves have been established in accordance with GAAP, which proceedings or Orders entered in connection with such proceedings have the effect of preventing the forfeiture or sale of the Property subject to any such Lien, and (ii) to the extent such Liens are not imposed by Legal Requirements, such Liens shall in no event encumber any Property other than cash and Cash Equivalents; (g) licenses or Leases of the Properties (other than Intellectual Property) of any Company, and the rights of ordinary-course lessees described in Section 9-321 of the UCC, in each case entered into in the ordinary course of such Company s business so long as such licenses or Leases and rights do not, individually or in the aggregate, (i) interfere in any material respect with the ordinary conduct of the business of any Company or (ii) materially impair the use (for its intended purposes) or the value of the Property subject thereto; (h) Liens arising out of conditional sale, title retention, consignment or similar arrangements for the sale of goods entered into by any Company in the ordinary course of business in accordance with the past practices of such Company; (i) Liens securing Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 6.01(e) (or pursuant to Section 6.01(k) to the extent relating to a refinancing or renewal of Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 6.01(e)) ; provided that (i) any such Liens attach only to the Property (including proceeds thereof) being financed pursuant to such Indebtedness and (ii) do not encumber any other Property of any Company; (j) bankers Liens, rights of setoff and other similar Liens existing solely with respect to cash and Cash Equivalents on deposit in one or more accounts maintained by any Company, in each case granted in the ordinary course of business in favor of the bank or banks with which such accounts are maintained, including to secure amounts owing to such bank with respect to cash management and operating account arrangements, including those involving pooled accounts and netting arrangements; provided that, unless such Liens are non-consensual and arise by operation of applicable Legal Requirements, in no case shall any such Liens secure (either directly or indirectly) the repayment of any Indebtedness; (k) Liens on Property (and the proceeds thereof) of a person existing at the time such person is acquired or merged with or into or consolidated with any Company to the extent such acquisition, merger or consolidation is permitted hereunder; provided that such Liens (i) do not extend to additional Property, (ii) the amount of Indebtedness secured thereby is not increased and (iii) the Indebtedness secured thereby is permitted to be assumed under Section 6.01(o) and not increased; (l) Liens granted pursuant to the Security Documents to secure the Secured Obligations; (m) non-exclusive licenses and sublicenses of Intellectual Property granted by any Company in the ordinary course of business that, individually or in the aggregate, do not (i) interfere in any material respect with the ordinary conduct of the business of any Company or (ii) materially impair the use (for its intended purposes) or the value of the Intellectual Property subject thereto; (n) the filing of UCC (or equivalent) financing statements solely as a precautionary measure in connection with operating leases or consignment of goods; (o) Liens of a collecting bank arising in the ordinary course of business under Section 4-208 or Section 4-210 of the UCC covering only the items being collected upon; (p) Liens in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of law to secure payment of customs duties in connection with the importation of goods in the ordinary course of business; (q) Liens on assets not otherwise constituting Collateral securing Indebtedness of the Borrower 
 107 

and its Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount not to exceed, at any one time outstanding, 15,000,000; provided that if such Indebtedness is for borrowed money, it shall be secured by a Lien on the Collateral that ranks junior in lien priority to the Lien securing the Obligations and shall be subject at all times to intercreditor arrangements in form and substance satisfactory to the Required Lenders; (r) Liens in favor ofa seller solely on any cash earnest money deposits made by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with any letter of intent or purchase agreement with respect to any Permitted Acquisition that is not made during the Amendment Relief Period ; (s) Liens on insurance policies and the proceeds thereof granted in the ordinary course of business to secure the financing of insurance premiums for such insurance policies pursuant to Section 6.01(p) ; (t) the modification, replacement, renewal or extension of any Lien permitted hereunder to secure Indebtedness that is permitted to be refinanced, refunded, extended or renewed pursuant to Section 6.01(k) ; provided that (i) the Lien does not extend to any property other than the property (and proceeds thereof) securing such Indebtedness being so refinanced; (ii) the Liens are of the same or lower priority than such modified, replaced, renewed or extended Lien; and (iii) the renewal, refunding, extension or refinancing of the obligations secured or benefited by such Liens is permitted by Section 6.01 ; (u) Liens on property of a non-Loan Party not constituting Collateral and securing Indebtedness of such non-Loan Party secured Indebtedness permitted to be incurred by Section 6.01(j) ; and (v) Liens on cash collateral not to exceed 105 of the face amount of letters of credit permitted under Section 6.01(z) . Section 6.03 Sale and Leaseback Transactions . Other than as permitted by Section 6.01(e) or Section 6.06, sell or transfer any Property used or useful in its business, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, and thereafter rent or lease such Property (a Sale and Leaseback Transaction ). Section 6.04 Investments, Loans and Advances . Directly or indirectly, lend money or credit (by way of guarantee, assumption of debt or otherwise) or make advances to any person, or purchase or acquire any stock, bonds, notes, debentures or other obligations or securities of, or any other interest in, or make any capital contribution to, any other person, or purchase or own a futures contract or otherwise become liable for the purchase or sale of currency or other commodities at a future date in the nature of a futures contract (all of the foregoing, collectively, Investments ), except that the following shall be permitted: (a) Investments outstanding on the Closing Date and identified on Schedule 6.04(a) ; (b) the Companies may (i) acquire, hold and Dispose of accounts receivable owing to any of them if created or acquired in the ordinary course of business and payable or dischargeable in accordance with customary terms (excluding, in all events, the Disposition of accounts receivable pursuant to any factoring or receivables securitization agreement or arrangement), (ii) invest in, acquire and hold cash and Cash Equivalents, (iii) endorse negotiable instruments held for collection in the ordinary course of business or (iv) make lease, utility and other similar deposits in the ordinary course of business; (c) Hedging Obligations permitted pursuant to Section 6.01(c) ; (d) loans and advances to directors, employees and officers of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for bona fide business purposes (including travel and relocation), in aggregate amount not to exceed 1,500,000 at any time outstanding; provided that no loans in violation of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (including Section 402 thereof) shall be permitted hereunder; (e) Investments (i) by any Loan Party in any other Loan Party; provided that, in each case, such Investments shall be pledged as Collateral pursuant to and to the extent required by the Security Documents, (ii) by a 
 108 

Non-Guarantor Subsidiary in any other Non-Guarantor Subsidiary, (iii) constituting loans or advances by any Non-Guarantor Subsidiary to the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor; provided that such Investment shall be unsecured and subordinated to the Obligations, and (iv) by Borrower or any Loan Party in any Non-Guarantor Subsidiary; provided that (x) the aggregate amount of such investments pursuant to this clause (e)(iv) (together with intercompany Indebtedness outstanding under Section 6.01(l)(iii) and Investments in Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties outstanding pursuant to Section 6.04(k)) shall not exceed 7,500,000 at any time, and (y) any Investment in the form of a loan or advance shall be evidenced by a note in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, in each case pledged by such Loan Party as Collateral pursuant to the Security Documents; (f) Investments in securities of trade creditors or customers in the ordinary course of business and consistent with such Company s past practices that are received (A) in settlement of bona fide disputes or delinquent obligations or (B) pursuant to any plan of reorganization or liquidation or similar arrangement upon the bankruptcy, insolvency or other restructuring of such trade creditors or customers; (g) non-cash Investments to the extent arising solely from mergers, consolidations and other transactions in compliance with Section 6.05 ; (h) Investments made by Borrower or any Subsidiary as a result of consideration received in connection with an Asset Sale made in compliance with Section 6.06 ; (i) To to the extent constituting Investments, Dividends in compliance with Section 6.07 (with a commensurate dollar-for-dollar reduction of their ability to make additional distributions under such Section) and Indebtedness in compliance with Section 6.01 (other than clause 6.01(l) (with a commensurate dollar-for-dollar reduction of their ability to incur additional Indebtedness under such Section)); (j) Investments of any person that becomes a Subsidiary on or after the Closing Date; provided that (i) such Investments exist at the time such person is acquired, (ii) such Investments are not made in anticipation or contemplation of such person becoming a Subsidiary, and (iii) such Investments are not directly or indirectly recourse to any of the Companies or any of their respective assets, other than to the person that becomes a Subsidiary; (k) Guarantees by (A) the Borrower or any Subsidiary of Indebtedness of any Loan Party to the extent such Indebtedness is otherwise permitted under Section 6.01 or of any other obligation not constituting Indebtedness, (B) a Non-Guarantor Subsidiary of any Indebtedness ofa Non-Guarantor Subsidiary to the extent such Indebtedness is otherwise permitted under Section 6.01 or of any other obligation not constituting Indebtedness or (C) a Loan Party of any Indebtedness of a Non-Guarantor Subsidiary to the extent such Indebtedness is otherwise permitted under Section 6.01 or of any other obligation not constituting Indebtedness; provided , that (x) the aggregate amount of all Guarantees under this clause (l)(C) shall not (together with intercompany Indebtedness outstanding under Section 6.01(l)(iii) and Investments in Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties outstanding pursuant to Section 6.04(e)) exceed 7,500,000 at any time, and (y) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing at the time such Guarantee is entered into or would result therefrom; (l) [reserved]; (m) the Borrower s ownership of the Equity Interests of each of its Subsidiaries and the ownership by each Subsidiary of the Borrower of the Equity Interests of each of its Subsidiaries; (n) non-cash Investments to the extent arising solely from a subsequent increase in the value (excluding any value for which any additional consideration of any kind whatsoever has been paid or otherwise transferred, directly or indirectly, by, or on behalf of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries) of an Investment otherwise permitted hereunder and made prior to such subsequent increase in value; (o) Investments to the extent constituting the reinvestment of the Net Cash Proceeds arising from 
 109 

any Asset Sales or Casualty Events to repair, replace or restore any Property in respect of which such Net Cash Proceeds were paid or to reinvest in other fixed or capital assets or assets that are otherwise useful in the business of the Companies provided that, such Investment shall not be permitted to the extent such Net Cash Proceeds shall be required to be applied to make prepayments in accordance with Section 2.10(c)) ; (p) to the extent constituting Investments, (i) purchases and other acquisitions of inventory, materials and equipment and intangible Property in the ordinary course of business, (ii) Capital Expenditures, (iii) leases or licenses of real or personal Property in the ordinary course of business and in accordance with the applicable Security Documents so long as such leases or licenses do not, individually or in the aggregate, (x) interfere in any material respect with the ordinary conduct of the business of any Company or (y) materially impair the use (or its intended purposes) or the value of the Property subject thereto and (iv) Permitted Acquisitions; provided that no Permitted Acquisitions shall be permitted to be made during the Amendment Relief Period; (q) other Investments in an aggregate amount not to exceed the Cumulative Amount; provided that (i) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing at the time of such Investment or would result therefrom and (ii) immediately after giving effect to such Investment, on a Pro Forma Basis, (A) the Borrower is in compliance with the financial covenants set forth in Section 6.15 and , (B) the maximum Secured Leverage Ratio for the most recent Test Period shall not be greater than 3.00:1.00 and (C) during the Amendment Relief Period, the minimum Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio for the most recent Test Period shall not be less than 1.10:1.00 ; (r) other Investments in an aggregate amount at any tim e not to exceed 15,000,000 at any time outstanding 15,000,000 ; provided that a i any such Investment made pursuant to this clause w r that constitutes a transaction described in clause (a), (b) or (c) of the definition of Permitted Acquisition shall be required to comply with each of the conditions set forth in the definition thereof and , b ii no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing at the time of such Investment or would result therefrom ; , and (iii) during the Amendment Relief Period, (A) no Investment made pursuant to this clause (r) may be an acquisition or similar Investment and (B) no Investment made pursuant to this clause (r) may be made in any non-Loan Parties or Foreign Subsidiaries; (s) to the extent constituting Investments, advances in respect of transfer pricing and cost-sharing arrangements (i.e. cost-plus arrangements) that are (i) in the ordinary course of business and consistent with the historical practices of the Companies and (ii) funded not more than 120 days in advance of the applicable transfer pricing and cost-sharing payment; (t) [reserved]; (u) any payments in connection with a Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) the aggregate amount of Investments made in all non-Loan Parties and Foreign Subsidiaries shall not exceed 10,000,000 at any time outstanding and (ii) no Permitted Acquisitions shall be permitted to be, or shall be, made during the Amendment Relief Period. The amount of any Investment permitted pursuant to Sections 6.04(b) , (d), and (e) shall be the initial amount of such Investment less all cash returns of capital, principal , and dividends and other cash returns thereof and less all liabilities expressly assumed by another person in connection with the sale of such Investment. Section 6.05 Mergers and Consolidations . Wind up, liquidate or dissolve its affairs or consummate any transaction of merger or consolidation, except that the following shall be permitted: (a) Dispositions of Property or Asset Sales in compliance with Section 6.06 (other than clause (g) thereof); (b) (x) any Company (other than the Borrower) may merge or consolidate with or into or dissolve or liquidate into the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor (as long as Borrower or a Subsidiary Guarantor is the surviving person in such merger, consolidation, dissolution or liquidation); provided that the Lien on and security interest in such Property granted or to be granted in favor of the Collateral Agent under the Security 
 110 

Documents shall be maintained or created in accordance with and only to the extent required by the provisions of Sections 5.10 and 5.11 , as applicable and (y) any Subsidiary that is not a Guarantor may merge, consolidate, dissolve or liquidate with or into any other Subsidiary that is not a Guarantor; (c) any Subsidiary may dissolve, liquidate or wind up its affairs at any time if such dissolution, liquidation or winding up is not disadvantageous to any Agent or Lender in any material respect; (d) a merger or consolidation pursuant to, and in accordance with, the definition of Permitted Acquisition to the extent necessary to consummate such Permitted Acquisition; and (e) to the extent necessary to consummate an Investment permitted pursuant to Section 6.04 . Subject to the Specified Guarantor Release Provision, to the extent the Requisite Lenders under Section 11.02(b) waive the provisions of this Section 6.05 with respect to the sale of any Collateral, or any Collateral is sold as permitted by this Section 6.05, such Collateral (unless sold to a Company) shall be sold free and clear of the Liens created by the Security Documents without any further action or consent of the Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent or any Lender hereunder, and, so long as Borrower shall have previously provided to the Collateral Agent and the Administrative Agent such certifications or documents as the Collateral Agent and/or the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request in order to demonstrate compliance with this Section 6.05 , the Collateral Agent shall take all actions necessary or reasonably requested in order to effect the foregoing. Section 6.06 Asset Sales . Effect any Disposition of any Property, except that the following shall be permitted: (a) Dispositions of worn out, obsolete or surplus Property by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business and the abandonment, transfer, assignment, cancellation, lapse or other Disposition of immaterial Intellectual Property that is, in the reasonable good faith judgment of the Borrower or such Subsidiary, no longer economically practicable or commercially desirable to maintain or useful in the conduct of the business of the Companies; (b) other Dispositions of Property; provided that (i) such Dispositions of Property are made for not less than Fair Market Value, (ii) no Default or Event of Default is continuing at the time of such Disposition or would result therefrom , and (iii) at least 75 of the consideration payable in respect of such Disposition of Property shall be in the form of cash or Cash Equivalents (and for the purpos e s of making th e for e going calculation, th e following shall b e d ee m e d cash : (1) th e assumption by the transferee of Indebtedness or other liabilities (other than Indebtedness and liabilities that are by th e ir t e rms subordinat e d to th e Obligations) conting e nt or oth e rwis e of th e Borrow e r or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with such Disposition and (2) aggregate non cash consideration received by th e Borrow e r and its Subsidiari e s for all Ass e t Dispositions und e r this S e ction 6.06(b) having a fair market value as determined in good faith by the Borrower as of the closing of the applicable Disposition for which non cash consid e ration is r e c e iv e d) not to e xc ee d 15,000,000 (n e t of any non cash consideration converted into cash and Cash Equivalents received in respect of any non cash consid e ration)). ; (c) leases, subleases, or non-exclusive licenses or sublicenses of real or personal Property (including Intellectual Property or other general intangibles) to third parties in the ordinary course of business and in accordance with the applicable Security Documents; (d) Permitted Liens in compliance with Section 6.02 ; (e) to the extent constituting a Disposition, the making of Investments in compliance with Section 6.04 ; (f) Dispositions related to mergers, consolidations and other transactions in compliance with Section 6.05 ; (g) Dividends and other transactions in compliance with Section 6.07 ; 
 111 

(h) Dispositions of cash and Cash Equivalents in the ordinary course of business; (i) any Disposition of Property that constitutes a Casualty Event; (j) sales, transfers, leases and other Dispositions (excluding sales of Equity Interests of any Subsidiary) (i) to the Borrower or to any other Loan Party and (ii) to any Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party from another Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party; (k) sale, forgiveness, or discount of customer delinquent notes or accounts receivable in the ordinary course of business (excluding, in all events, the Disposition of accounts receivable pursuant to any factoring or receivables securitization agreement or arrangement); (l) sale or Disposition of immaterial Equity Interests to qualified directors where required by applicable law or to satisfy other similar requirements of applicable law with respect to the ownership of Equity Interests; (m) any trade-in of equipment or other Property in exchange for other equipment or other replacement Property; (n) the unwinding of any Hedging Agreement permitted hereunder pursuant to its terms; (o) surrender or waiver of contractual rights and settlement or waiver of contractual or litigation claims in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practice; (p) (i) Dispositions of Qualified Stock in connection with settling, in accordance with its terms, any Permitted Convertible Indebtedness incurred in compliance with Section 6.01 and (ii) (A) the unwinding or terminating of any Permitted Warrant Transaction by the Borrower, (B) the unwinding or terminating of any Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction and (C) the payment of (x) cash interest pursuant to Section 6.09(a)(ii) or (y) cash in lieu of fractional shares pursuant to Section 6.09(a)(iii), and in each case of the foregoing clauses (A), (B) and (C), the performance by the Borrower and/or any Subsidiary thereof of such Person s obligations thereunder; and (q) the Envigo Israel Sale. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, in no event shall this Section 6.06 or Section 6.01 permit any factoring, receivables, securitization or similar facilities. Subject to the Specified Guarantor Release Provision, to the extent the requisite Lenders under the applicable provisions set forth in Section 11.02(b) waive the provisions of this Section 6.06, with respect to the sale of any Collateral, or any Collateral is sold as permitted by this Section 6.06, such Collateral (unless sold to a Company) shall be sold free and clear of the Liens created by the Security Documents without any further action by or consent from Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent or any Lender, and, so long as Borrower shall have previously provided to the Collateral Agent and the Administrative Agent such certifications or documents as the Collateral Agent and/or the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request in order to demonstrate compliance with this Section 6.06 , the Collateral Agent shall take all actions it deems necessary or reasonable in order to effect the foregoing. Section 6.07 Dividends . Authorize, declare or pay, directly or indirectly, any Dividends with respect to any Company, except for the following: (a) Dividends by any Company (i) that is a Subsidiary of the Borrower to the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor or (ii) that is a Non-Guarantor Subsidiary to any other Non-Guarantor Subsidiary; provided, that if such Company is a non-wholly owned Subsidiary, any such Dividend is paid to all shareholders on a pro rata basis; (b) Dividends made solely in common equity or other Qualified Stock; provided , that no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing prior to, or will occur immediately after, such Dividend; 
 112 

(c) [reserved]; (d) [reserved]; (e) [reserved]; (f) [reserved]; (g) [reserved]; (h) any Company may make additional Dividends in an amount not to exceed the Cumulative Amount; provided that at the time of any such Dividend, (i) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom and (ii) immediately after giving effect to such Dividend, on a Pro Forma Basis, (A) the Borrower is in compliance with the financial covenants set forth in Section 6.15 - aad , (B) the maximum Secured Leverage Ratio for the most recent Test Period shall not be greater than 2.50:1.00 and (C) during the Amendment Relief Period, the minimum Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio for the most recent Test Period shall not be less than 1.10:1.00 ; (i) [reserved]; (j) other divid e nds Dividends in an aggregate amount not to exceed 5,000,000; provided that (i) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing at the time such dividend is mad e Dividend is made and (ii) no Dividends shall be permitted under this Section 6.07(j) during the Amendment Relief Period ; (k) solely to the extent such dividends are in connection with (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the entry into, payment of any premium with respect to, and the settlement of) the Permitted Convertible Indebtedness incurred in compliance with Section 6.01 : (i) payments of premium in respect of, and otherwise perform its obligations under (including the unwinding of), a Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction permitted or required in accordance with its terms and (ii) the settlement of any related Permitted Warrant Transaction (x) by delivery of shares of the Borrower s Qualified Stock in the form of common stock upon settlement thereof or (y) by (A) a permitted set-off against the related Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction or (B) payment ofan early termination amount thereof in Borrower s Qualified Stock in the form of common stock upon any early termination thereof; and (l) (i) any payments in connection with a Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction and (m) the settlement of any related Permitted Warrant Transaction (A) by delivery of shares of the Borrower s common stock upon settlement thereof or (B) by (I) set-off against the related Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction or (II) payment ofan early termination amount thereof in common stock upon any early termination thereof. Section 6.08 Transactions with Affiliates . Enter into, directly or indirectly, any transaction or series of related transactions for the payment of money, sale of goods or provision of services, whether or not in the ordinary course of business, with any Affiliate of any Company (other than between or among Borrower and one or more Subsidiary Guarantors), other than on terms and conditions at least as favorable to such Company as would reasonably be obtained by such Company at that time in a comparable arm s-length transaction with a person other than an Affiliate, except that the following shall be permitted: (a) (i) Dividends permitted by Section 6.07 and (ii) the Transactions, including the payment of Transaction Costs; (b) Investments permitted under Section 6.04 , including loans and advances, permitted by Section 6.04(d) and (e) and any Indebtedness permitted by Section 6.01(l), to the extent such transactions are on terms and conditions at least as favorable to such Company as would reasonably be obtained by such Company at that time in a comparable arm s-length transaction with a person other than an Affiliate; 
 113 

(c) director, officer and employee compensation (including bonuses and severance) and other benefits (including retirement, health, stock option and other benefit plans) and indemnification arrangements, in each case, approved by the Board of Directors of the applicable Company; (d) transactions between or among (i) Loan Parties to the extent otherwise expressly permitted hereunder, (ii) Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries to the extent otherwise expressly permitted hereunder, and (iii) Loan Parties and Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries to the extent otherwise expressly permitted hereunder; (e) [reserved]; (f) [reserved]; and (g) any other agreement, arrangement or transaction as in effect on the Closing Date and listed on Schedule 6.08(g), and any amendment or modification thereto or restatement thereof, and the performance of obligations thereunder, so long as such amendment or modification or restatement is not materially adverse to the interests of the Lenders. Section 6.09 Prepayments of Other Indebtedness; Modifications of Organizational Documents, Acquisition and Certain Other Documents, etc. Directly or indirectly: (a) Make make or make a binding offer to make any voluntary or optional payment or prepayment on or redemption, retirement, defeasance or acquisition for value of, or any prepayment, repurchase or redemption, retirement, defeasance as a result of any asset sale, change of control or similar event of, any Junior Indebtedness of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, except: (i) (A) repayments of loans and advances made by a Non-Guarantor Subsidiary to a Loan Party pursuant to Section 6.04(e) ; provided that, the repayment of such loan or advance shall only be permitted to be made with the proceeds of a Dividend made by such Non-Guarantor Subsidiary to such Loan Party and the repayment of such loan or advance shall be made substantially concurrently with the payment of such Dividend or (B) a Permitted Refinancing; (ii) an aggregate amount not to exceed the Cumulative Amount then available; provided that the Cumulative Amount shall not be available unless (i) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and (ii) immediately after giving effect to such Dividend, on a Pro Forma Basis, the Borrower is in compliance with the financial covenants set forth in Section 6.15 and the Secured Leverage Ratio for the most recent Test Period shall be no greater than 2.50:1.00; and (iii) in connection with Permitted Convertible Indebtedness incurred in compliance with Section 6.01, (A) the issuance any Qualified Stock of the Borrower upon the repurchase, redemption, conversion, exchange, exercise or settlement of any security (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the conversion or exchange of any Permitted Convertible Indebtedness into such Qualified Stock), (B) the making of (i) interest payments in cash and (ii) cash payments upon conversion for any fractional shares of Qualified Stock in an amount that does not exceed 2,000,000 per calendar year, (C) (1) any payments in connection with a Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction to the extent permitted by Section 6.07(l) and (2) the settlement of any related Permitted Warrant Transaction to the extent permitted by Section 6.07(l) or (b) payment of an early termination amount thereof in the Borrower s Qualified Stock in the form of common stock upon any early termination thereof and (D) any payments in connection with repurchase, exchange or inducement of the conversion of Permitted Convertible Indebtedness by delivery of shares of Borrower s Qualified Stock in the form of common stock. (b) waive, amend, modify, terminate or release any of the documents governing any Junior Indebtedness (including, without limitation, any Convertible Indebtedness) with an aggregate principal amount in excess of 1,000,000 to the extent that any such waiver, amendment, modification, termination or release would, taken as a whole, be adverse to the Lenders in any material respect or prohibited by any applicable intercreditor agreement 
 114 

or subordination agreement; or (c) amend, restate, supplement or otherwise modify any of its Organizational Documents or any agreement to which it is a party with respect to its Equity Interests (including any stockholders agreement), or enter into any new agreement with respect to its Equity Interests, other than any such amendments, modifications or changes or such new agreements which are not, and could not reasonably be expected to be, adverse in any material respect to the interests of the Lenders. Section 6.10 Limitation on Certain Restrictions on Subsidiaries . Directly or indirectly create or otherwise cause or suffer to exist or become effective any encumbrance, restriction or condition on the ability of any Subsidiary to (i) pay Dividends or make any other distributions on its Equity Interests or any other interest or participation in its profits owned by any Company, or pay any Indebtedness owed to any Company, (ii) make loans or advances to any Company or (iii) transfer any of its Properties to any Company, except for: (a) such encumbrances, restrictions or conditions existing by reason of application of mandatory Legal Requirements; (b) (i) this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and (ii) loan documents governing other Indebtedness permitted to be incurred hereunder that are, taken as a whole, in the good faith judgment of the Borrower, no more restrictive with respect to the Borrower or any Subsidiary than customary market terms for Indebtedness of such type (and, in any event, are no more restrictive than the restrictions contained in this Agreement unless (x) such restrictions apply only to periods after the then latest Final Maturity Date or (y) to the extent a substantially similar change is made to this Agreement or the other Loan Documents), so long as the Borrower shall have determined in good faith that such restrictions will not affect its obligations or ability to make any payments required hereunder; (c) in the case of clause (iii), customary provisions restricting subletting or assignment of any lease governing a leasehold interest of a Subsidiary; (d) in the case of clause (iii), customary provisions restricting assignment of any agreement entered into by a Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business; (e) customary restrictions and conditions contained in any agreement relating to the sale or other Disposition of any Property or Asset Sale permitted by Section 6.06 pending the consummation of such sale or other Disposition or Asset Sale; provided , that (i) such restrictions and conditions apply only to the Property to be sold or Disposed of and (ii) such sale or other Disposition or Asset Sale is permitted hereunder; (f) any agreement in effect at the time such Subsidiary becomes a Subsidiary of the Borrower, so long as such agreement was not entered into in connection with or in contemplation of such person becoming a Subsidiary of the Borrower; (g) any encumbrances or restrictions imposed by any amendments or refinancings that are otherwise permitted by the Loan Documents of the contracts, instruments or obligations referred to in clause (f) above; provided , that such amendments or refinancings are no more materially restrictive with respect to such encumbrances and restrictions than those prior to such amendment or refinancing; (h) in the cases of clauses (i) and (iii), customary restrictions in joint venture agreements or other similar agreements applicable to joint ventures permitted hereunder and applicable solely to such joint venture; or (i) restrictions on Dividends for twelve (12) months after the Closing Date pursuant to the Main Street Credit Agreement. Section 6.11 Business . 
 115 

(a) With respect to the Borrower, engage in any business activities or have any Properties or liabilities, other than (i) its ownership of the Equity Interests of the Borrower and business activities related thereto, (ii) obligations under the Loan Documents and (iii) sales of Equity Interests to the extent not prohibited by this Agreement. (b) With respect to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, engage (directly or indirectly) in any businesses other than those businesses in which Borrower and its Subsidiaries are engaged on the Closing Date (or which are similar, corollary, ancillary, complementary, incidental or related business or reasonable extensions thereof). Section 6.12 [reserved] . Section 6.13 Fiscal Year . Change its fiscal year-end to a date other than September 30 or make any material change in its accounting treatment and financial reporting policies except as required by GAAP. Section 6.14 No Further Negative Pledge . Enter into any agreement, instrument, deed or lease which prohibits or limits the ability of any Company to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien upon any of its Properties or revenues, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, or which requires the grant of any Lien for an obligation ifa Lien is granted for another obligation, except the following: (1) this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, agreements governing any Permitted Refinancing with respect to the foregoing; (2) with respect Property not constituting Collateral, restrictions in documents creating Liens permitted by Section 6.02 prohibiting further Liens on the Properties encumbered thereby; (3) any prohibition or limitation that (a) is non-consensual and exists pursuant to applicable Legal Requirements, or (b) consists of customary restrictions and conditions contained in any agreement relating to the sale or other Disposition of any Property pending the consummation of such sale or other Disposition; provided that (i) such restrictions apply only to such Property, and (ii) such sale or other Disposition is permitted hereunder; (4) with respect to leases not constituting Collateral, restrictions prohibiting the grant or existence of liens and encumbrances, including leasehold mortgages; and (5) as set forth in Schedule 6.14 . Section 6.15 Financial Covenants . (a) Maximum Secured Leverage Ratio . Permit the Secured Leverage Ratio, as of the last day of any Test Period ending on the date set forth in the table below, to exceed the ratio set forth opposite such Test Period end date in the table below: Fiscal Quarter Ending 

 Maximum Secured Leverage Ratio 

 March 31, 2022 

 4.25:1.00 

 June 30, 2022 

 4.25:1.00 

 September 30, 2022 

 4.25:1.00 

 December 31, 2022 

 4.25:1.00 

 March 31, 2023 

 4.25:1.00 

 June 30, 2023 

 4.25:1.00 

 September 30, 2023 

 3.75:1.00 

 December 31, 2023 

 3.75:1.00 

 March 31, 2024 

 3.75:1.00 

 June 30, 2024 

 3.75:1.00 

 September 30, 2024 

 3.75:1.00 

 December 31, 2024 

 3.75:1.00 

 March 31, 2025 and each fiscal quarter ending thereafter 

 3.00:1.00 

(b) Minimum Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio . Permit the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, as of the last day of each Test Period, (i) ending on or before the one year anniversary of the Closing Date, to be less than 1.00:1.00 and (ii) ending after the one year anniversary of the Closing Date, to be less than 1.10:1.00. 
 116 

Section 6.16 Anti-Terrorism Law; Anti-Money Laundering; Sanctions; Anti-Corruption Law . (a) violat e Violate any applicable Anti-Terrorism Law, Sanctions or Anti-Corruption Law (and the Loan Parties will deliver to the Administrative Agent any certification or other evidence requested from time to time by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion, confirming the Borrower Borrower s and its Subsidiaries compliance with this Section 6.16) . (b) dir e ctly Directly or indirectly, cause or permit any of the funds of such Borrower or Subsidiary that are used to repay the Term Loans to be derived from any unlawful activity with the r e sult that th e making of th e T e rm Loans would b e in violation of applicabl e Law . (c) directly Directly or indirectly, cause, permit, or authorize any part of the proceeds or other transaction contemplated by this Agreement to be used, contributed, or otherwise made available to fund any trade, business, or other activity of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any Sanctioned Country, or in any other manner that could reasonably be expected to result in any party to this Agreement (including any Person participating in the Transactions, whether as underwriter, agent, advisor, investor, or otherwise) being in breach of any Sanctions or becoming a Sanctioned Person . (d) use Use , directly or indirectly, any part of the proceeds of the T e rm Loans (i) in furtherance ofan offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in violation of the FCPA or any other applicable anti-corruption law or (ii) for any unlawful activity . Section 6.17 Sanctioned Persons . cause or permit (a) any of the funds or properties of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries that are used to repay the Term Loans to constitute property of, or be beneficially owned directly or indirectly by, any Sanctioned Person, with the result that the investment in the Loan Parties (whether directly or indirectly) is prohibited by applicable requirements of Law, or the Term Loans made by the Lenders would be in violation of applicable requirements of Law, or (b) any Sanctioned Person to have any direct or indirect interest, of any nature whatsoever in the Loan Parties, with the result that the investment in the Loan Parties (whether directly or indirectly) is prohibited by applicable requirements of Law or the Term Loans are in violation of applicable requirements of Law. ARTICLE VII GUARANTEE Section 7.01 The Guarantee . The Guarantors hereby, jointly and severally, guarantee, as primary obligors and not merely as sureties to each Secured Party and their respective successors and assigns, the prompt payment and performance in full when due (whether at stated maturity, by required prepayment, declaration, demand, by acceleration or otherwise) of the principal of and interest (including any interest, fees, costs or charges that would accrue but for the provisions of the Title 11 of the United States Code after any bankruptcy or insolvency petition under Title 11 of the United States Code) on the Loans made by the Lenders to, and the Notes held by each Lender of, the Borrower and all other Secured Obligations, including any Secured Obligations from time to time owing to the Secured Parties by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries under any Specified Hedging Agreement or Bank Product Agreement in each case strictly in accordance with the terms thereof (such obligations being herein collectively called the Guaranteed Obligations ). The Guarantors hereby jointly and severally agree that if the Borrower or any other Guarantor(s) shall fail to pay in full when due (whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) any of the Guaranteed Obligations, the Guarantors will promptly pay the same in cash, without any demand or notice whatsoever, and that in the case of any extension of time of payment or renewal of any of the Guaranteed Obligations, the same will be promptly paid in full when due (whether at extended maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) in accordance with the terms of such extension or renewal. Section 7.02 Obligations Unconditional . The obligations of the Guarantors under Section 7.01 shall constitute a guaranty of payment and performance and not of collection and to the fullest extent permitted by applicable 
 117 

Legal Requirements, are absolute, irrevocable and unconditional, joint and several, irrespective of the value, genuineness, validity, regularity or enforceability of the Loan Documents or the Guaranteed Obligations under this Agreement, the Notes, if any, or any other agreement or instrument referred to herein or therein, or any substitution, release or exchange of any other guarantee of or security for any of the Guaranteed Obligations, and, irrespective of any other circumstance whatsoever that might otherwise constitute a legal or equitable discharge or defense of a surety or Guarantor (except for the Discharge of the Guaranteed Obligations). Without limiting the generality of the foregoing and subject to applicable law, it is agreed that the occurrence of any one or more of the following shall not alter or impair the liability of the Guarantors hereunder which shall remain absolute, irrevocable and unconditional under any and all circumstances as described above: (i) at any time or from time to time, without notice to the Guarantors, the time for any performance of or compliance with any of the Guaranteed Obligations shall be extended, or such performance or compliance shall be waived; (ii) any of the acts mentioned in any of the provisions of this Agreement or the Notes, if any, or any other agreement or instrument referred to herein or therein, including any exercise of remedies, shall be done or omitted; (iii) the maturity of any of the Guaranteed Obligations shall be accelerated, or any of the Guaranteed Obligations shall be amended or modified in any respect, or any right under the Loan Documents, under the Specified Hedging Agreements, under the Bank Product Agreements or any other agreement or instrument referred to herein or, respectively, therein shall be amended or waived in any respect or any other guarantee of any of the Guaranteed Obligations or any security therefor shall be released or exchanged in whole or in part or otherwise dealt with; (iv) any Lien or security interest granted to, or in favor of, any Secured Party as security for any of the Guaranteed Obligations shall fail to be valid, perfected or to have the priority required under the Loan Documents, the Specified Hedging Agreements and/or the Bank Product Agreements or is avoided or set aside as a preference, fraudulent conveyance or otherwise; (v) the release of any other Guarantor pursuant to Section 7.09 ; (vi) any renewal, extension or acceleration of, or any increase in the amount of the Guaranteed Obligations, or any amendment, supplement, modification or waiver of, or any consent to departure from, the Loan Documents, any Specified Hedging Agreement or any Bank Product Agreement; or (vii) any failure or omission to assert or enforce or agreement or election not to assert or enforce, delay in enforcement, or the stay or enjoining, by order of court, by operation of law or otherwise, of the exercise or enforcement of, any claim or demand or any right, power or remedy (whether arising under any Loan Documents, any Specified Hedging Agreement or any Bank Product Agreement, at law, in equity or otherwise) with respect to the Guaranteed Obligations or any agreement relating thereto, or with respect to any other guaranty of or security for the payment of the Guaranteed Obligations. The Guarantors hereby expressly waive, to the extent permitted by law, diligence, presentment, demand of payment, protest and all notices whatsoever, and any requirement that any Secured Party exhaust any right, power or remedy or proceed against Borrower or any Guarantor under this Agreement or the Notes, if any, or any other agreement or instrument referred to herein or therein, or against any other person under any other guarantee of, or security for, any of the Guaranteed Obligations. The Guarantors waive, to the extent permitted by law, any and all notice of the modifications, creation, renewal, extension, waiver, termination or accrual of any of the Guaranteed Obligations and notice ofor proof of reliance by any Secured Party upon this Guarantee or acceptance of this Guarantee, and the Guaranteed Obligations, and any of them, shall conclusively be deemed to have been created, contracted or incurred in reliance upon this Guarantee, and all dealings between Borrower and the Secured Parties shall likewise be conclusively presumed to have been had or consummated in reliance upon this Guarantee. This Guarantee shall be 
 118 

construed as a continuing, absolute, irrevocable and unconditional guarantee of payment and performance without regard to any right of offset with respect to the Guaranteed Obligations at any time or from time to time held by the Secured Parties, and the obligations and liabilities of the Guarantors hereunder shall not be conditioned or contingent upon the pursuit by the Secured Parties or any other person at any time of any right or remedy against Borrower or against any other person which may be or become liable in respect of all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations or against any collateral security or guarantee therefor or right of offset with respect thereto. Each payment required to be made hereunder shall be made without setoff or counterclaim in immediately available funds at the office of the Administrative Agent as set forth in Section 2.14 . This Guarantee shall remain in full force and effect and be binding in accordance with and to the extent of its terms upon the Guarantors and their respective successors and assigns, and shall inure to the benefit of the Secured Parties, and their respective successors and assigns, notwithstanding that from time to time during the term of this Agreement there may be no Guaranteed Obligations outstanding. Section 7.03 Reinstatement . The obligations of the Guarantors under this Article VII shall be automatically reinstated if and to the extent that for any reason any payment by or on behalf of the Borrower or other Loan Party in respect of the Guaranteed Obligations is rescinded or must be otherwise restored by any holder of any of the Guaranteed Obligations, whether as a result of any proceedings in bankruptcy or reorganization or otherwise. Section 7.04 Subrogation; Subordination . Each Guarantor hereby agrees that until the Discharge of the Guaranteed Obligations it shall subordinate and not exercise any claim and shall not exercise any right or remedy, direct or indirect, arising by reason of any performance by it of its guarantee in Section 7.01, whether by subrogation, continuation, indemnification or otherwise, against Borrower or any other Guarantor of any of the Guaranteed Obligations or any security for any of the Guaranteed Obligations. Any Indebtedness of any Loan Party owing to another Company shall be subordinated to such Loan Party s Secured Obligations in the manner evidencing such Indebtedness; provided that upon the payment and satisfaction in full of all Guaranteed Obligations (other than contingent indemnity obligations) and the expiration or termination of the Commitments of the Lenders under this Agreement, without any further action by any person, the Guarantors shall be automatically subrogated to the rights of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders to the extent of any payment hereunder. Section 7.05 Remedies . The Guarantors jointly and severally agree that, as between the Guarantors and the Lenders, the Obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement and other Loan Documents may be declared to be forthwith due and payable as provided in Article VIII (and shall be deemed to have become automatically due and payable in the circumstances provided in Article VIII for purposes of Section 7.01, notwithstanding any stay, injunction or other prohibition preventing such declaration (or such obligations from becoming automatically due and payable) as against Borrower and that, in the event of such declaration (or such Obligations being deemed to have become automatically due and payable), such Obligations (whether or not due and payable by Borrower) shall forthwith become due and payable by the Guarantors for purposes of Section 7.01 . Section 7.06 Instrument for the Payment of Money . Each Guarantor hereby acknowledges that the guarantee in this Article VII constitutes an instrument for the payment of money, and consents and agrees that any Lender or Agent, at its sole option, in the event of a dispute by such Guarantor in the payment of any moneys due hereunder, shall have the right to bring a motion-action under New York CPLR Section 3213. Section 7.07 Continuing Guarantee . The guarantee in this Article VII is a continuing guarantee of payment and performance, and shall apply to all Guaranteed Obligations whenever arising. Section 7.08 General Limitation on Guarantee Obligations . In any action or proceeding involving any state corporate, limited partnership or limited liability company law, or any applicable state, federal or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other Legal Requirement affecting the rights of creditors generally, if the obligations of any Guarantor under Section 7.01 would otherwise be held or determined to be void, voidable, invalid or unenforceable, or subordinated to the claims of any other creditors, on account of the amount of its liability under Section 7.01, then, notwithstanding any other provision to the contrary, the amount of such liability shall, without any further action by such Guarantor, any Loan Party or any other person, be automatically limited and reduced to the highest amount (after giving effect to the rights of subrogation and contribution established in Section 7.04 and Section 
 119 

7.10, respectively) that is valid and enforceable, not void or voidable and not subordinated to the claims of other creditors as determined in such action or proceeding. Section 7.09 Release of Guarantors . Subject to the Specified Guarantor Release Provision, if, in compliance with the terms and provisions of the Loan Documents, all of the Equity Interests or all or substantially all of the Property of any Guarantor are sold or otherwise transferred (a Transferred Guarantor to a person or persons (other than any Loan Party) then such Transferred Guarantor shall, upon the consummation of such sale or transfer, be immediately and automatically released from its obligations under this Agreement (including under Section 11.03) and the other Loan Documents and its obligations to pledge and grant any Collateral owned by it pursuant to any Security Document and, in the case of the sale of all of the Equity Interests of the Transferred Guarantor, the pledge of such Equity Interests to the Collateral Agent pursuant to the Security Documents shall be immediately and automatically released, and so long as Borrower shall have previously provided the Collateral Agent and the Administrative Agent such certifications or documents as the Collateral Agent and/or the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request, the Collateral Agent shall take such actions as are necessary or reasonably requested to effect each release described in this Section 7.09 in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Security Documents. Section 7.10 Right of Contribution . (a) The Loan Parties hereby agree as among themselves that, if any Loan Party shall make an Excess Payment (as defined below), such Loan Party shall have a right of contribution from each other Loan Party in an amount equal to such other Loan Party s Contribution Share (as defined below) of such Excess Payment. The payment obligations of any Loan Party under this Section 7.10 shall be subordinate and subject in right of payment to the Secured Obligations until such time as the Discharge of the Guaranteed Obligations, and none of the Loan Parties shall exercise any right or remedy under this Section 7.10 against any other Loan Party until such time as the Discharge of the Guaranteed Obligations. For purposes of this Section 7.10, (x) Excess Payment shall mean the amount paid by any Loan Party in excess of its Pro Rata Share of any Secured Obligations, (y) Pro Rata Share shall mean, for any Loan Party in respect of any payment of the Secured Obligations, the ratio (expressed as a percentage) as of the date of such payment of the Secured Obligations of (i) the amount by which the aggregate present fair salable value of all of its assets and Properties exceeds the amount of all debts and liabilities of such Loan Party (including contingent, subordinated, un-matured, and un-liquidated liabilities, but excluding the Secured Obligations of such Loan Party) to (ii) the amount by which the aggregate present fair salable value of its assets and other Properties of all Loan Parties exceeds the amount of all of the debts and liabilities (including contingent, subordinated, un-matured, and un-liquidated liabilities, but excluding the Secured Obligations of all Loan Parties) of the Loan Parties; and (z) Contribution Share shall mean, for any Loan Party in respect of any Excess Payment made by any other Loan Party, the ratio (expressed as a percentage) as of the date of such Excess Payment of (i) the amount by which the aggregate present fair salable value of all of its assets and Properties exceeds the amount of all debts and liabilities of such Loan Party (including contingent, subordinated, un-matured, and un-liquidated liabilities, but excluding the Secured Obligations of such Loan Party) to (ii) the amount by which the aggregate present fair salable value of all assets and other Properties of the Loan Parties other than the maker of such Excess Payment exceeds the amount of all of the debts and liabilities (including contingent, subordinated, un-matured, and un-liquidated liabilities, but excluding the Secured Obligations of the Loan Parties) of the Loan Parties other than the maker of such Excess Payment. Nothing in this Section 7.10 shall require any Loan Party to pay its Contribution Share of any Excess Payment in the absence of a demand therefor by the Loan Party that has made the Excess Payment. Without limiting the foregoing in any manner, it is the intent of the parties hereto that as of any date of determination, no Contribution Share of any Loan Party shall be greater than the maximum amount of the claim which could then be recovered from such Loan Party under this Section 7.10 without rendering such claim voidable or avoidable under Section 548 of Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code or under any applicable state Uniform Fraudulent Transfer Act, Uniform Fraudulent Conveyance Act or similar statute or common law. (b) This Section 7.10 is intended only to define the relative rights of the Loan Parties and nothing set forth in this Section 7.10 is intended to or shall impair the Secured Obligations of the Loan Parties, jointly and severally, to pay any amounts and perform any Secured Obligations as and when the same shall become due and 
 120 

payable or required to be performed in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, any other Loan Document, the Specified Hedging Agreements and/or the Bank Product Agreements, as the case may be. Nothing contained in this Section 7.10 shall limit the liability of the Borrower to pay the Loans and other Credit Extensions made to the Borrower and accrued interest, Fees and expenses with respect thereto and the Specified Hedging Agreement Obligations and the Bank Product Obligations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, in each case, for which Borrower and its Subsidiaries, as applicable, shall be primarily liable. (c) The parties hereto acknowledge that the rights of contribution and indemnification hereunder shall constitute assets of the Loan Parties to which such contribution and indemnification is owing. (d) The rights of any indemnified Loan Party against the other Loan Parties under this Section 7.10 shall be exercisable upon, but shall not be exercisable prior to, the full indefeasible payment of the Secured Obligations (other than unasserted contingent indemnification obligations) and termination or expiration of the Commitments under the Loan Documents and the termination of the Specified Hedging Agreements (except as otherwise expressly set forth therein) and the Bank Product Agreements (except as otherwise expressly set forth therein). Section 7.11 Keepwell . Each Qualified ECP Guarantor hereby jointly and severally absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably undertakes to provide such funds or other support as may be needed from time to time by each other Loan Party to honor all of its obligations under this Guarantee in respect of Swap Obligations provided , however , that each Qualified ECP Guarantor shall only be liable under this Section 7.11 for the maximum amount of such liability that can be hereby incurred without rendering its obligations under this Section 7.11, or otherwise under this Guarantee, as it relates to such Loan Party, voidable under applicable law relating to fraudulent conveyance or fraudulent transfer, and not for any greater amount). The obligations of each Qualified ECP Guarantor under this Section shall remain in full force and effect until a Discharge of the Guaranteed Obligations. Each Qualified ECP Guarantor intends that this Section 7.11 constitute, and this Section 7.11 shall be deemed to constitute, a keepwell, support, or other agreement for the benefit of each other Loan Party for all purposes of Section 1a(18)(A)(v)(II) of the Commodity Exchange Act. ARTICLE VIII EVENTS OF DEFAULT Section 8.01 Events of Default . Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any of the following events (each, an Event of Default ): (a) default shall be made in the payment of any principal or premium of any Loan when and as the same shall become due and payable, whether at the due date thereof (including any Term Loan Repayment Date) or at a date fixed for mandatory prepayment thereof or by acceleration thereof or otherwise; (b) default shall be made in the payment of any interest or premium on any Credit Extension or any Fee or any other amount (other than an amount referred to in paragraph (a) above) due under any Loan Document, when and as the same shall become due and payable, whether at the due date thereof (including an Interest Payment Date) or at a date fixed for prepayment (whether voluntary or mandatory) or by acceleration or demand thereof or otherwise, and such default shall continue unremedied for a period of five (5) Business Days; (c) any representation or warranty made or deemed made in or in connection with any Loan Document or the Borrowings hereunder, or any representation, warranty, statement or information contained in any written report, certificate, financial statement or other written instrument furnished by or on behalf of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or any Related Persons of any of the foregoing in connection with or pursuant to any Loan Document, shall prove to have been false or misleading in any material respect when so made, deemed made or furnished; (d) default shall be made in the due observance or performance by any Company of any covenant, condition or agreement contained in (i) Section 5.02(a) , Section 5.03(a) (only with respect to the Borrower), Article 
 121 

VI or , Section 8 of the Second Amendment or Section 8 of the Third Amendment ; provided that an Event of Default under Section 6.15 is subject to a cure pursuant to Section 8.03 ; or (ii) Section 5.01(a), Section 5.01(b), Section 5.01(c), Section 5.01(d) or Section 5.01(i) and, in the case of this clause (ii), (A) if such default occurs during the Amendment Relief Period, such default shall continue unremedied or shall not be waived for a period of fifteen (15) days (or, solely with respect to delivery of the audited financial statements for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2022 under Section 5.01(a), such default shall continue unremedied or shall not be waived on or before January 28, 2023), or (B) if such default occurs after the end of the Amendment Relief Period, such default shall continue unremedied or shall not be waived for a period of thirty (30) days; (e) default shall be made in the due observance or performance by any Company of any covenant, condition or agreement contained in any Loan Document (other than those specified in paragraphs (a), (b) , - er and (d) immediately above) and such default shall continue unremedied or shall not be waived for a period of thirty (30) days after receipt by Borrower of a written notice thereof from th e Administrativ e Ag e nt (or, solely with respect to delivery of the audited financial statements for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2022 under Section 5.01(a), such default shall continue unremedied or shall not be waived on or before January 28, 2023); (f) any Company shall (i) fail to pay any principal or interest, regardless of amount, due in respect of any Indebtedness, when and as the same shall become due and payable beyond any applicable grace period, or (ii) fail to observe or perform any other term, covenant, condition or agreement contained in any agreement or instrument evidencing or governing any such Indebtedness if the effect of any failure referred to in this clause (ii) is to cause, or to permit the holder or holders of such Indebtedness or a trustee or other representative on its or their behalf (with or without the giving of notice, the lapse of time or both and taking into account any applicable grace periods or waivers) to cause, such Indebtedness to become due prior to its stated maturity or become subject to a mandatory offer to purchase by the obligor; provided that this clause (ii) shall not apply to (A) secured Indebtedness that becomes due as a result of the sale, transfer or other Disposition (including as a result of a casualty or condemnation event) of the property or assets securing such Indebtedness (to the extent such sale, transfer or other Disposition is not prohibited under this Agreement and such Indebtedness is repaid in accordance with its terms) or (B) any event which triggers any conversion rights of holders of Permitted Convertible Indebtedness; provided , further , that, it shall not constitute an Event of Default pursuant to this clause (f) unless the aggregate amount of all such Indebtedness (other than Permitted Convertible Indebtedness, which shall have no threshold) referred to in clauses (i) and (ii) individually exceeds 15,000,000 at any one time x) during the Amendment Relief Period, 7,500,000 or (y) at any other time, 15,000,000 p rovided that, in the case of Hedging Obligations, the notional amount thereof shall be counted for this purpose); (g) an involuntary petition shall be filed in a court of competent jurisdiction seeking (i) relief in respect of any Company (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary) or ofa substantial part of the Property of any Company (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary), under Title 11 of the United States Code, as now constituted or hereafter amended, or any other federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar Legal Requirement; (ii) the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official for any Company (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary) or for a substantial part of the Property of any Company (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary); or (iii) the winding-up or liquidation of any Company (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary); and such proceeding or petition shall continue undismissed for sixty (60) days or an Order approving or ordering any of the foregoing shall be entered; (h) any Company (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary) shall (i) voluntarily commence any proceeding or file any petition seeking relief under Title 11 of the United States Code, as now constituted or hereafter amended, or any other federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar Legal Requirement; (ii) consent to the institution of, or fail to contest in a timely and appropriate manner, any proceeding or the filing of any petition described in clause (g) above; (iii) apply for or consent to the appointment ofa receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official for any Company or for a substantial part of the Property of any Company; (iv) file an answer admitting the material allegations ofa petition filed against it in any such proceeding; (v) make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors; (vi) become unable, admit in writing its inability or fail generally to 
 122 

pay its debts as they become due; (vii) except as permitted in Section 6.05, wind up or liquidate; or (viii) take any corporate (or equivalent) action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing; (i) one or more Orders , settlements, penalties or fines for the payment of money in an aggregate amount in excess of (x) during the Amendment Relief Period, 7,500,000 or (y) at any other time, 15,000,000 (to the extent not covered by (i) insurance in respect of which a solvent and unaffiliated insurance company has not denied coverage thereof and for which the carrier has not disclaimed responsibility and for which a claim (A) has been submitted, (B) is in the process of being submitted or (C) is intended to be submitted promptly or (ii) a third-party indemnification agreement under which the indemnifying party has accepted responsibility and would reasonably be expected to remain solvent after satisfying such indemnification obligation)) shall be rendered against any Company or any combination thereof and the same shall remain undischarged, unpaid, unvacated, unstayed, or unbonded for a period of90 consecutive days during which execution shall not be effectively stayed, or any action shall be legally taken by a judgment creditor to levy upon Properties of any Company to enforce any such Order; (j) (i) one or more ERISA Events shall have occurred that, when taken together with all other such ERISA Events that have occurred, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect with respect to the liabilities of any Company; (ii) there is or arises an Unfunded Pension Liability (taking into account only Plans with positive Unfunded Pension Liability) that would be reasonably likely to result in a Material Adverse Effect; (iii) there is or arises any potential withdrawal liability under Section 4201 of ERISA if the Companies or the ERISA Affiliates were to withdraw from any and all Multiemployer Plans that would be reasonably likely to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (iv) there is or arises any violation of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, as amended, or any other applicable Legal Requirement dealing with such matters in any manner that has resulted in a liability that is material to the Companies as a whole, (v) there is or arises any claim may be made against any Company, on account of wages and employee health and welfare insurance and other benefits which results in a liability that is material to the Companies as a whole, or (vi) the failure of any Pension Plan (or any other Employee Benefit Plan intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code) to qualify under Section 401(a) of the Code, or the failure of any trust forming part of any Pension Plan to qualify for exemption from taxation under Section 501(a) of the Code . ; (k) any material security interest and Lien purported to be created by any Security Document (x) shall cease to be in full force and effect, or (y) shall cease to give the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, the Liens, rights, powers and privileges purported to be created and granted under such Security Documents (including a valid, enforceable, perfected first priority (except as otherwise provided in this Agreement or any Security Document) security interest in and Lien on, all of the Collateral thereunder (except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement or such Security Document and except as the direct and exclusive result ofan action or a failure to act, in each case in a manner otherwise specified as required to be undertaken (or not undertaken, as the case may be) by a provision of any Loan Document, on the part of any Agent, Lender or Secured Party)) in favor of the Collateral Agent, or (z) shall be asserted by or on behalf of any Company not to be, a valid, enforceable, perfected, first priority (except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement or such Security Document) security interest in or Lien on the Collateral covered thereby; provided that it will not be an Event of Default under this clause (k) if (i) the Collateral Agent shall not have or shall cease to have a valid, enforceable and perfected first priority Lien on any material portion of the Collateral purported to be covered by the Security Documents, individually or in the aggregate, having a Fair Market Value of less than (A) during the Amendment Relief Period, 5,000,000 or (B) at any other time, 7,500,000 or (ii) the failure to have a valid, enforceable and perfected first priority Lien on any material portion of the Collateral resulted solely from the action or inaction of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, or any Lender (other than actions or inactions taken as a direct result of the advice of or at the direction of any Company); (l) any Loan Document or any material provisions thereof shall at any time and for any reason be declared by a court of competent jurisdiction to be null and void, or a proceeding shall be commenced by or on behalf of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or any Related Persons of any of the foregoing, or by any Governmental Authority, seeking to establish the invalidity or unenforceability thereof (exclusive of questions of interpretation of any provision thereof), or any Loan Party (or any of their respective Related Persons) (directly or indirectly) shall repudiate or deny any portion of its liability or obligation for the Obligations; or 
 123 

(m) there shall have occurred a Change in Control; or (n) any representation or warranty made, or deemed to be made, by any Loan Party herein or in any of the other Loan Documents or in any certificate or notice delivered or required to be delivered pursuant hereto or thereto shall prove false in any material respect (or, to the extent that the representation or warranty is qualified by materiality , Material Adverse Effect or similar language, in any respect) on the date as of which it was made or deemed to have been made; then, and in every such event (other than an event described in paragraph (g) or (h) above), and at any time thereafter during the continuance of such event, the Administrative Agent may, with the prior consent of the Required Lenders, and at the request of the Required Lenders shall, by notice to the Borrower, take any or all of the following actions, at the same or different times: (i) terminate forthwith the Commitments, (ii) declare the Loans then outstanding to be forthwith due and payable in whole or in part, whereupon the principal of the Loans so declared to be due and payable, together with accrued interest thereon and any unpaid accrued Fees and all other liabilities of the Loan Parties accrued hereunder and under any other Loan Document, shall become forthwith due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or any other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Loan Parties, anything contained herein or in any other Loan Document or otherwise to the contrary notwithstanding, and (iii) exercise any and all of its other rights and remedies under applicable Legal Requirements, hereunder and under the other Loan Documents; provided that, with respect to events described in paragraph (g) or (h) above, the Commitments shall automatically terminate and the principal of the Loans then outstanding, together with accrued interest thereon and any unpaid accrued Fees and all other liabilities of the Loan Parties accrued hereunder and under any other Loan Document (including any pr e paym e nt pr e mium PIK Amounts and/or any Prepayment Premium which shall be due and payable as a result of the acceleration of such principal amounts within the time periods specified in Section 2.10( i k ), shall automatically become due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or any other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Loan Parties, anything contained herein or in any other Loan Document or otherwise to the contrary notwithstanding. Section 8.02 [reserved] . Section 8.03 Right to Cure . (a) Financial Covenants . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in Section 8.01, in the event that the Borrower fails to comply with the requirements of the financial covenants set forth in Section 6.15 as of the last day of any fiscal quarter for which such covenant is tested, until the expiration of the 10th Business Day subsequent to the Cure Specified Date for such fiscal quarter, the Borrower shall have the right to give written notice (the Cure Notice ), on or prior to the 10th Business Day subsequent to such Cure Specified Date, to the Administrative Agent of the intent of the Borrower to issue Permitted Cure Securities for cash or otherwise contribute cash common equity and/or other Qualified Stock to the capital of the Borrower (collectively, the Cure Right and, upon contribution of the net cash proceeds (such net cash proceeds, the Cure Amount to the Borrower as cash common equity and/or other Qualified Stock after the Cure Specified Date for such fiscal quarter pursuant to the exercise by the Borrower of such Cure Right, which exercise shall be made after such Cure Specified Date on or before the 10th Business Day subsequent to such Cure Specified Date, the covenant set forth in Section 6.15 shall be recalculated giving effect to the following adjustments on a Pro Forma Basis: (i) Consolidated EBITDA shall be increased with respect to such applicable fiscal quarter and any solely for the Test Period that contains such the fiscal quarter , in which such Cure Right is exercised, and solely for the purpose of measuring the financial covenants set forth in Section 6.15 and not for any other purpose under this Agreement, by an amount equal to the Cure Amount; and (ii) if, after giving effect to the foregoing recalculations, the Borrower shall then be in compliance with the requirements of the financial covenants set forth in Section 6.15, the Borrower shall be deemed to have satisfied the requirements of such financial covenants as of the relevant date of determination with the same effect as though there had been no failure to comply therewith at such date, and the applicable 
 124 

breach or Default of such financial covenants that had occurred shall be deemed cured for purposes of this Agreement. (b) No Default. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, but subject to Section 8.03(c) and other than with respect to the determination of the end of the Amendment Relief Period, (i) a Default or Event of Default resulting solely from a failure to be in compliance with the financial covenants set forth in Section 6.15 shall not be deemed to exist from the end of the applicable fiscal quarter until the 10th Business Day after the applicable Cure Specified Date with respect to such fiscal quarter, (ii) to the extent a Cure Notice is delivered by the Borrower within ten (10) Business Days after such Cure Specified Date, a Default or Event of Default resulting solely from a failure to be in compliance with the financial covenants set forth in Section 6.15 shall not be deemed to exist from the end of the applicable fiscal quarter until the 10th Business Day after the applicable Cure Specified Date with respect to the applicable fiscal quarter and (iii) if the Cure Amount is not made within ten (10) Business Days after the applicable Cure Specified Date with respect to the applicable fiscal quarter, each such Default or Event of Default referenced in clauses (i) and (ii) above shall be deemed reinstated as of the end of the applicable fiscal quarter, it being further agreed that the Obligations shall bear interest at the Default Rate as applied in accordance with Section 2.06(c) as of the end of such applicable fiscal quarter. (c) Borrowing Block . If a Default or Event of Default would have occurred and be continuing had th e Borrow e r not had th e option to e x e rcis e th e Cur e Right as s e t forth abov e and not exercised such Cure Right pursuant to the foregoing provisions under Section 6.15 , the Borrower shall not be permitted , from th e applicabl e Cur e Sp e cifi e d Dat e with r e sp e ct to th e applicabl e fiscal quart e r , until such Default or Event of Default is cured in accordance with the terms of this Section 8.03 or Section 11.02, to request any Borrowings or any Credit Extensions under this Agreement without the consent of the Required Revolving Lenders . (d) Limitation on Exercise of Cure Right . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) in each four consecutive fiscal quarter period, there shall be at least two fiscal quarters during which the Cure Right is not exercised, (ii) the Cure Right may only be exercised five times during the term of this Agreement, (iii) the Cure Amount shall be no greater than the minimum amount required to cause the Borrower to be in compliance with the financial covenants set forth in Section 6.15 as at the end of the applicable fiscal quarter, (iv) all Cure Amounts shall be disregarded for purposes of determining any financial ratio based conditions or any baskets with respect to the covenants contained in this Agreement, (v) there shall be no pro forma reduction in Indebtedness with the proceeds of any Cure Amount for determining compliance with Section 6.15 in the quarter in which such Cure Right is exercised (whether directly by prepayment of Indebtedness or indirectly by way of netting); provided that Cure Amounts shall reduce debt in future Test Periods to the extent used to prepay the Loans and shall not otherwise be applied to increase Consolidated EBITDA of the Borrower in such future Test Period and Periods, (vi) there shall be no cash netting of the proceeds of any Cure Amount and (vii) the Borrower shall apply all Cure Amounts to the prepayment of outstanding Loans in accordance with Section 2.10(g) . ARTICLE IX APPLICATION OF COLLATERAL PROCEEDS Section 9.01 Collateral Account . (a) (a) The Collateral Agent is hereby authorized to establish and maintain at its office (or, at the Collateral Agent s discretion, at the office of its designee from time to time) at 520 Madison Avenue, New York, New York 10022, a restricted deposit account designated by the Collateral Agent in its discretion from time to time. Each Loan Party shall deposit into the Collateral Account from time to time any cash, but only to the extent, that such Loan Party is expressly required to pledge as additional collateral security hereunder pursuant to the Loan Documents. The balance from time to time in the Collateral Account shall constitute part of the Collateral and shall not constitute payment of the Secured Obligations until applied as hereinafter provided. At any time following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the Collateral Agent if instructed by the Required Lenders shall apply or cause to be applied (subject to collection) the balance from time to time outstanding in such restricted deposit account to the credit of the Collateral Account to the payment of the Secured Obligations in the manner specified in 
 125 

Section 9.02 . The Loan Parties shall have no right to withdraw, transfer or otherwise receive any funds deposited in the Collateral Account except to the extent specifically provided herein or in any other Loan Document. (b) Amounts on deposit in the Collateral Account shall be invested and reinvested from time to time in Cash Equivalents as the applicable Loan Party (or, after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the Collateral Agent) shall determine by written instruction to the Collateral Agent, or if no such instructions are given, then as the Collateral Agent, in its sole and reasonable discretion, shall determine, which Cash Equivalents shall be held in the name and be under the control of the Collateral Agent (or any sub-agent); provided that at any time after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the Collateral Agent shall if instructed by the Required Lenders at any time and from time to time elect to liquidate any such Cash Equivalents and to apply or cause to be applied the proceeds thereof to the payment of the Secured Obligations in the manner specified in Section 9.02 . Section 9.02 Application of Proceeds . (a) The proceeds received by the Collateral Agent in respect of any sale of, collection from or other realization upon all or any part of the Collateral pursuant to the exercise by the Collateral Agent of its remedies shall be applied, together with any other sums then held by the Collateral Agent pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, promptly by the Collateral Agent as follows: (i) First , to the payment of all reasonable and documented costs and expenses, fees, commissions and Taxes of such sale, collection or other realization including compensation to the Administrative Agent and/or the Collateral Agent and its agents and counsel and all expenses, liabilities and advances made or incurred by the Administrative Agent and/or the Collateral Agent in connection therewith and all amounts for which the Administrative Agent and/or the Collateral Agent is entitled to indemnification pursuant to the provisions of any Loan Document, together with interest on each such amount at the highest rate then in effect under this Agreement from and after the date such amount is due, owing or unpaid until paid in full; (ii) Second , to the payment of all other reasonable and documented costs and expenses of such sale, collection or other realization including compensation to the other Secured Parties and their agents and counsel and all costs, liabilities and advances made or incurred by the other Secured Parties in connection therewith, together with interest on each such amount at the highest rate then in effect under this Agreement from and after the date such amount is due, owing or unpaid until paid in full; (iii) Third , without duplication of amounts applied pursuant to clauses (i) and (ii) above, to the indefeasible payment in full in cash, pro rata, of interest and other amounts constituting Obligations on or in respect of Revolving Loans (other than principal, Specified Hedging Agreement Obligations and Bank Product Obligations) in each case equally and ratably in accordance with the respective amounts thereof then due and owing; (iv) Fourth , to the indefeasible payment in full in cash, pro rata, of the principal amount of the Obligations constituting Revolving Loans, all Specified Hedging Agreement Obligations and all Bank Product Obligations; (v) Fifth, to the indefeasible payment in full in cash, pro rata, of interest and other amounts constituting Obligations on or in respect of Term Loans, in each case equally and ratably in accordance with the respective amounts thereof then due and owing; and (vi) Sixth, the balance, if any, after all Obligations have been paid in full, to the person lawfully entitled thereto (including the applicable Loan Party or its successors or assigns) or as a court of competent jurisdiction may direct. In the event that any such proceeds are insufficient to pay in full the items described in the preceding sentences of this Section 9.02, the Loan Parties shall remain liable, jointly and severally, for any deficiency. 
 126 

ARTICLE X THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND THE COLLATERAL AGENT Section 10.01 Appointment . (a) (a) Each Lender hereby irrevocably designates and appoints each of the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent as an agent of such Lender under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Each Lender irrevocably authorizes each Agent, in such capacity, through its agents or employees, to take such actions on its behalf under the provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and to exercise such powers and perform such duties as are delegated to such Agent by the terms of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. The provisions of this Article X are solely for the benefit of the Agents and the Lenders, and no Loan Party shall have rights as a third party beneficiary of any such provisions. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Agents are hereby expressly authorized to execute any and all documents (including releases) with respect to the Collateral and any rights of the Secured Parties with respect thereto as contemplated by and in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. In performing its functions and duties hereunder, each Agent shall act solely as an agent of the Lenders and does not assume and shall not be deemed to have assumed any obligation towards or relationship of agency or trust with or for the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the use of the term agent in this Agreement with reference to the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable law. Instead, such term is used merely as a matter of market custom and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between independent contracting parties. (b) Each Lender irrevocably appoints each other Lender as its agent and bailee for the purpose of perfecting Liens (whether pursuant to Section 8-301(a)(2) of the UCC or otherwise), for the benefit of the Secured Parties, in assets in which, in accordance with the UCC or any other applicable Legal Requirement, a security interest can be perfected by possession or control. Should any Secured Party (other than the Collateral Agent) obtain possession or control of any such Collateral, such Person shall notify the Collateral Agent thereof, and, promptly following the Collateral Agent s request therefor, shall deliver such Collateral to the Collateral Agent or otherwise deal with such Collateral in accordance with the Collateral Agent s instructions. Section 10.02 Agent in Its Individual Capacity . Each person serving as an Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not an Agent, and the term Lender or Lenders shall, unless otherwise expressly indicated or unless the context otherwise requires, include the person serving as an Agent hereunder in its individual capacity. Such person and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, act as financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for, and generally engage in any kind of business with, any Company or Affiliate thereof as if it were not an Agent hereunder and without duty to account therefor to the Lenders. Section 10.03 Exculpatory Provisions; Agent Acting at Direction of Required Lenders . No Agent shall have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth in the Loan Documents. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, (a) no Agent shall be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, (b) no Agent shall have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated by the Loan Documents that such Agent is required to exercise in writing as directed by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary under the circumstances as provided in Section 11.02 ); provided that no Agent shall be required to take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may expose such Agent to liability, if such Agent is not indemnified to its satisfaction, or that is contrary to any Loan Document or applicable Legal Requirements including, for the avoidance of doubt, any action that may be in violation of the automatic stay under any Insolvency Law or that may effect a foreclosure, modification or termination of property of a Defaulting Lender under any Debtor Relief Law, and (c) except as expressly set forth in the Loan Documents, no Agent shall have any duty to disclose or shall be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to any Company or any of its Affiliates that is communicated to or obtained by the person serving as such Agent or any of its 
 127 

Affiliates in any capacity. No Agent shall be liable for any action taken or not taken by it (i) with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as any Agent shall believe in good faith shall be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in Section 11.02) or (ii) in the absence of its own fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct (as found by a final and non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction). No Agent shall be deemed to have knowledge of any Default or Event of Default unless and until written notice thereof describing such default is given to such Agent by Borrower or a Lender and no Agent shall be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with any Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth in any Loan Document, any Specified Hedging Agreement or any Bank Product Agreement or the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of any Loan Document, any Specified Hedging Agreement or any Bank Product Agreement or any other agreement, instrument or document or (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article (a) or elsewhere in any Loan Document. Each party to this Agreement acknowledges and agrees that the Collateral Agent may from time to time use one or more outside service providers for the tracking of all UCC financing statements (and/or other collateral related filings and registrations from time to time) required to be filed or recorded pursuant to the Loan Documents and the notification to the Collateral Agent, of, among other things, the upcoming lapse or expiration thereof, and that each of such service providers will be deemed to be acting at the request and on behalf of the Borrower and the other Loan Parties. No Agent shall be liable for any action taken or not taken by any such service provider. Except as set forth herein, neither any Agent nor any of its officers, partners, directors, employees, agents, trustees, administrators, managers, advisors or representatives shall be liable to the Lenders for any action taken or omitted by any of them or any other Agent under or in connection with any of the Loan Documents. Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, whenever reference is made in this Agreement or any other Loan Document to any action by, consent, designation, specification, requirement or approval of, notice, request or other communication from, or other direction given or action to be undertaken or to be (or not to be) suffered or omitted by any Agent or to any election, decision, opinion, acceptance, use of judgment, expression of satisfaction or other exercise of discretion, rights or remedies to be made (or not to be made) by any such Agents hereunder or thereunder, it is understood that in all cases the Agents shall solely be acting, giving, withholding, suffering, omitting, taking or otherwise undertaking and exercising the same (or shall not be undertaking and exercising the same) as directed by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents). Section 10.04 Reliance by Agent . Each Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including any electronic message, internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed, sent, or otherwise authenticated by a proper person. Each Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally and believed by it to be made by a proper person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. In determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of a Loan that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender, each Agent may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender unless each Agent shall have received written notice to the contrary from such Lender prior to the making of such Loan. Each Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Borrower or any other Loan Party), independent accountants and other advisors selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or advisors. Section 10.05 Delegation of Duties . Each Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers under this Agreement or under any other Loan Document by or through, or delegate any and all such rights and powers to, any one or more sub-agents appointed by such Agent. Each Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through their respective Affiliates. The exculpatory, indemnification and other provisions of the preceding paragraphs shall apply, without limiting the foregoing, to any such sub-agent and to the Affiliates of each Agent and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein as well as activities as Agent. The Agents 
 128 

shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any sub-agent except to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final and non-appealable judgment that such Agent acted with gross negligence, willful misconduct, or bad faith in the selection of such sub-agent. Section 10.06 Successor Agent . Each Agent may resign as such at any time upon at least thirty (30) days prior notice to the Lenders and the Borrower. Upon any such resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right to appoint a successor Agent from among the Lenders, with the consent of the Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned and not required if a Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing). If no successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and no successor shall have accepted such appointment within thirty (30) days after the retiring Agent gives notice of its resignation, then the retiring Agent may, on behalf of the Lenders, appoint a successor Agent, with the consent of the Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned and not required if a Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing), which successor shall be a commercial banking institution organized under the laws of the United States (or any State thereof) or a United States branch or agency of a commercial banking institution, in each case, having combined capital and surplus of at least 500,000,000; provided that if such retiring Agent is unable to find a commercial banking institution that is willing to accept such appointment and which meets the qualifications set forth above, the retiring Agent s resignation shall nevertheless thereupon become effective and the retiring (or retired) Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations under the Loan Documents, and the Lenders shall assume and perform all of the duties of such Agent under the Loan Documents until such time, if any, as the Required Lenders appoint a successor Agent. Upon the acceptance of its appointment as an Agent hereunder by a successor, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Agent, and the retiring (or retired) Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations under the Loan Documents (if not already discharged therefrom as provided above in this Section 10.06 ). The fees payable by Borrower to a successor Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between Borrower and such successor. After an Agent s resignation hereunder, the provisions of this Article X, Section 11.03 and Sections 11.08 to 11.10 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Affiliates in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while it was acting as Agent. Section 10.07 Non-Reliance on Agent and Other Lenders . Each Lender acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance upon any Agent or any other Lender or any of their Related Persons and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, conducted its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries and made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement. Each Lender further represents and warrants that it has reviewed the Lender Presentation and each other document made available to it on the Platform in connection with this Agreement and has acknowledged and accepted the terms and conditions applicable to the recipients thereof (including any such terms and conditions set forth, or otherwise maintained, on the Platform with respect thereto). Each Lender also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon any Agent or any other Lender or any of their Related Persons and based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document, any Specified Hedging Agreement, any Bank Product Agreement or related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder. Section 10.08 Name Agents . The parties hereto acknowledge that the Bookrunner and the Arranger hold their titles in name only, and that their titles confer no additional rights or obligations relative to those conferred on any Lender hereunder. Section 10.09 Indemnification . The Lenders severally agree to indemnify each Agent in its capacity as such and each of its Related Persons (to the extent not reimbursed by Borrower or the other Loan Parties and without limiting the obligation of the Borrower or other Loan Parties to do so), ratably according to their respective outstanding Loans and Commitments in effect on the date on which indemnification is sought under this Section 10.09 (or, if indemnification is sought after the date upon which all Commitments shall have terminated and the Loans shall have been paid in full, ratably in accordance with such outstanding Loans and Commitments as in effect immediately prior 
 129 

to such date), from and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, fines, penalties, actions, claims, suits, judgments, litigations, investigations, inquiries or proceedings, costs, expenses or disbursements of any kind whatsoever that may at any time (whether before or after the payment of the Loans) be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against such Agent or Related Person in any way relating to or arising out of, the Commitments, this Agreement, any of the other Loan Documents, any Specified Hedging Agreement, any Bank Product Agreement or any documents contemplated by or referred to herein or therein, the Transactions or any of the other transactions contemplated hereby or thereby or any action taken or omitted by such Agent or Related Person under or in connection with any of the foregoing IN ALL CASES, WHETHER OR NOT CAUSED OR ARISING, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, OUT OF THE COMPARATIVE, CONTRIBUTORY OR SOLE NEGLIGENCE OF ANY AGENT OR RELATED PERSON) ; provided that no Lender shall be liable for the payment of any portion of such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, judgments, fines, penalties, actions, claims, suits, litigations, investigations, inquiries or proceedings, costs, expenses or disbursements that are found by a final and non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction to have directly resulted solely and directly from such Agent s or Related Person s, as the case may be, gross negligence, fraud or willful misconduct. The agreements in this Section 10.09 shall survive the payment of the Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder. Section 10.10 Withholding Taxes . To the extent required by any Legal Requirement, the Administrative Agent may withhold from any payment to any Lender an amount equivalent to any applicable withholding Tax. If the U.S. Internal Revenue Service or any other Governmental Authority asserts a claim that the Administrative Agent did not properly withhold Tax from amounts paid to or for the account of any Lender because the appropriate form was not delivered or was not properly executed or because such Lender failed to notify the Administrative Agent of a change in circumstance which rendered the exemption from, or reduction of, withholding Tax ineffective or for any other reason, or if the Administrative Agent reasonably determines that a payment was made to a Lender pursuant to this Agreement without deduction of applicable withholding Tax from such payment, such Lender shall indemnify the Administrative Agent fully for, and shall make payable in respect thereof within ten (10) days after demand therefor, (i) any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that any Loan Party has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Loan Parties to do so), (ii) any Tax attributable to such Lender s failure to comply with the provisions of Section 11.04(f) relating to the maintenance of the Participant Register and (iii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under this Agreement or any other Loan Document against any amount due the Administrative Agent under this Section 10.10 . The agreements in this Section 10.10 shall survive the resignation and/or replacement of the Administrative Agent, any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all other Obligations and the termination of this Agreement. Section 10.11 Lender s Representations, Warranties and Acknowledgements . (a) (a) Each Lender represents and warrants that it has made its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in connection with Credit Extensions hereunder and that it has made and shall continue to make its own appraisal of the creditworthiness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries. No Agent shall have any duty or responsibility, either initially or on a continuing basis, to make any such investigation or any such appraisal on behalf of the Lenders to provide any Lender with any credit or other information with respect thereto, whether coming into its possession before the making of any Credit Extension or at any time or times thereafter, and no Agent shall have any responsibility with respect to the accuracy of or the completeness of any information provided to the Lenders. Each Lender acknowledges that no Agent or Related Person of any Agent has made any representation or warranty to it. Except for documents expressly required by any Loan Document to be transmitted by an Agent to the Lenders, no Agent shall have any duty or responsibility (either express or implied) to provide any Lender with any credit or other information concerning any Loan Party or any of its Affiliates, including 
 130 

the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition or creditworthiness of any Loan Party or any Affiliate of a Loan Party, that may come in to the possession of an Agent or any of its Related Persons. (b) Each Lender, by delivering its signature page to this Agreement or an Assignment and Assumption Agreement and funding its Loan of making any other Credit Extension, shall be deemed to have acknowledged receipt of, and consented to and approved, each Loan Document and each other document required to be approved by any Agent, the Required Lenders or the Lenders, as applicable, hereunder (including each document delivered on the Closing Date). Section 10.12 Collateral Documents and Guarantee . (a) Agents under Collateral Documents and Guarantee . Each Secured Party (including each counterparty to a Specified Hedging Agreement and each Bank Product Provider, who by acceptance of the benefits of the Security Documents shall be deemed to have appointed the Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent as set forth herein) hereby further authorizes the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as applicable, on behalf of and for the benefit of the Secured Parties, to be the agent for and representative of the Secured Parties with respect to the Guarantee, the Collateral and the Loan Documents; provided that neither the Administrative Agent nor the Collateral Agent shall owe any fiduciary duty, duty of loyalty, duty of care, duty of disclosure or any other obligation whatsoever to any holder of Obligations with respect to any Specified Hedging Agreement or any Bank Product Agreement. Subject to Section 11.02, without further written consent or authorization from any Secured Party, the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as applicable, may execute any documents or instruments necessary to (i) in connection with a sale or disposition of assets permitted by this Agreement, release any Lien encumbering any item of Collateral that is the subject of such sale or other disposition of assets or to which the Required Lenders (or such other Lenders as may be required to give such consent under Section 11.02) have otherwise consented or (ii) release any Guarantor from the Guarantee pursuant to Section 7.09 or with respect to which the Required Lenders (or such other Lenders as may be required to give such consent under Section 11.02) have otherwise consented. (b) Right to Realize on Collateral and Enforce Guarantee . Anything contained in any of the Loan Documents to the contrary notwithstanding, the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and each Secured Party hereby agree that (i) no Secured Party shall have any right individually to realize upon any of the Collateral or to enforce the Guarantee, it being understood and agreed that all powers, rights and remedies hereunder and under any of the Loan Documents may be exercised solely by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as applicable, for the benefit of the Secured Parties in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof and all powers, rights and remedies under the collateral documents may be exercised solely by the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties in accordance with the terms thereof, and (ii) in the event of a foreclosure or similar enforcement action by the Collateral Agent on any of the Collateral pursuant to a public or private sale or other disposition (including pursuant to Section 363(k), Section 1129(b)(2)(a)(ii) or otherwise of the Bankruptcy Code), the Collateral Agent (or any Lender, except with respect to a credit bid pursuant to Section 363(k), Section 1129(b)(2)(a)(ii) or otherwise of the Bankruptcy Code,) may be the purchaser or licensor of any or all of such Collateral at any such sale or other disposition and the Collateral Agent, as agent for and representative of the Secured Parties (but not any Lender or Lenders in its or their respective individual capacities) shall be entitled, upon instructions from the Required Lenders, for the purpose of bidding and making settlement or payment of the purchase price for all or any portion of the Collateral sold at any such sale or disposition, to use and apply any of the Obligations as a credit on account of the purchase price for any collateral payable by the Collateral Agent at such sale or other disposition. (c) Release of Collateral and Guarantees, Termination of Loan Documents . (i) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Loan Document, the Administrative Agent shall (without notice to, or vote or consent of, any Lender, or any affiliate of any Lender that is a party to any Hedging Agreement) take such actions as shall be required to release its security interest in any Collateral subject to any disposition permitted by the Loan Documents, and to release any guarantee obligations under any Loan Document of any person subject to such disposition, to the extent necessary to permit consummation of such disposition in accordance with the Loan Documents; provided that, 
 131 

if any Guarantor ceases to constitute a Wholly Own e d Wholly Owned Subsidiary, such Guarantor shall not be released from its Guarantee unless such Guarantor is no longer a direct or indirect Subsidiary of the Borrower and such Dispositions of capital stock is a good faith Disposition to a bona fide unaffiliated third party for fair market value and for a bona fide business purpose (the requirements in this clause (c)(i), the Specified Guarantor Release Provision (ii) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or any other Loan Document, when all Obligations (other than obligations in respect of any Hedging Agreement and unasserted contingent indemnification obligations) have been paid in full and all Commitments have terminated or expired, upon request of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent shall (without notice to, or vote or consent of, any Lender, or any affiliate of any Lender that is a party to any Hedging Agreement) take such actions as shall be required to release its security interest in all Collateral, and to release all guarantee obligations provided for in any Loan Document, whether or not on the date of such release there may be outstanding Obligations in respect of Hedging Agreements or unasserted contingent indemnification obligations. Any such release of guarantee obligations shall be deemed subject to the provision that such guarantee obligations shall be reinstated if after such release any portion of any payment in respect of the Obligations guaranteed thereby shall be rescinded or must otherwise be restored or returned upon the insolvency, bankruptcy, dissolution, liquidation or reorganization of the Borrower or any Guarantor, or upon or as a result of the appointment ofa receiver, intervenor or conservator of, or trustee or similar officer for, the Borrower or any Guarantor or any substantial part of its property, or otherwise, all as though such payment had not been made. (d) The Collateral Agent shall not be responsible for or have a duty to ascertain or inquire into any representation or warranty regarding the existence, value or collectability of the Collateral, the existence, priority or perfection of the Collateral Agent s Lien thereon, or any certificate prepared by any Loan Party in connection therewith, nor shall the Collateral Agent be responsible or liable to the Lenders for any failure to monitor or maintain any portion of the Collateral. Section 10.13 Administrative Agent May File Bankruptcy Disclosure and Proofs of Claim . In case of the pendency of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws relative to any Loan Party, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand on Borrower) shall be entitled and empowered (but not obligated) by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise: (a) to file a verified statement pursuant to rule 2019 of the Federal Rules of Bankruptcy Procedure that, in its sole opinion, complies with such rule s disclosure requirements for entities representing more than one creditor; (b) to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans and all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Administrative Agent and its respective agents and counsel and all other amounts due the Administrative Agent under Section 2.03 and Section 11.03) allowed in such judicial proceeding; and (c) to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same; and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, in the event that the Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Administrative Agent and its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Administrative Agent under this Agreement. To the extent that the payment of any such compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the 
 132 

Administrative Agent, its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Administrative Agent under this Agreement out of the estate in any such proceeding, shall be denied for any reason, payment of the same shall be secured by a Lien on, and shall be paid out of, any and all distributions, dividends, money, securities and other properties that the Lenders may be entitled to receive in such proceeding whether in liquidation or under any plan of reorganization or arrangement or otherwise. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Obligations or the rights of any Lender or to authorize the Administrative Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender in any such proceeding. Section 10.14 Erroneous Payments . (a) If the Administrative Agent notifies a Lender or Secured Party, or any Person who has received funds on behalf of a Lender or Secured Party such Lender (any such Lender, Secured Party or other recipient, a Payment Recipient that the Administrative Agent has determined in its sole discretion (whether or not after receipt of any notice under immediately succeeding clause (b)) that any funds received by such Payment Recipient from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates were erroneously transmitted to, or otherwise erroneously or mistakenly received by, such Payment Recipient (whether or not known to such Lender, Secured Party or other Payment Recipient on its behalf) (any such funds, whether received as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees, distribution or otherwise, individually and collectively, an Erroneous Payment and demands the return of such Erroneous Payment (or a portion thereof) provided that, without limiting any other rights or remedies (whether at law or in equity), the Administrative Agent may not make any such demand under this clause (a) with respect to an Erroneous Payment unless such demand is made within thirty (30) days of the date of receipt of such Erroneous Payment by the applicable Payment Recipient), such Erroneous Payment shall at all times remain the property of the Administrative Agent and shall be segregated by the Payment Recipient and held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, and such Lender or Secured Party shall use commercially reasonable efforts to (or, with respect to any Payment Recipient who received such funds on its behalf, shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause such Payment Recipient to) promptly return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made, in same day funds (in the currency so received). A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Payment Recipient under this clause (a) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. (b) Without limiting immediately preceding clause (a), each Lender or Secured Party, or any Person who has received funds on behalf of a Lender or Secured Party such Lender hereby further agrees that if it receives a payment, prepayment or repayment (whether received as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees, distribution or otherwise) from the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) (x) that is in a different amount than, or on a different date from, that specified in a notice of payment, prepayment or repayment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) with respect to such payment, prepayment or repayment, (y) that was not preceded or accompanied by a notice of payment, prepayment or repayment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates), or (z) that such Lender or Secured Party, or other such recipient, otherwise becomes aware was transmitted, or received, in error or by mistake (in whole or in part) in each case: (i) (A) in the case of immediately preceding clauses (x) or (y), an error shall be presumed to have been made (absent written confirmation from the Administrative Agent to the contrary) or (B) an error has been made (in the case of immediately preceding clause (z)), in each case, with respect to such payment, prepayment or repayment; and (ii) such Lender or Secured Party shall (and shall cause any other recipient that receives funds on its respective behalf to) promptly (and, in all events, within three (3) Business Days of its knowledge of such error) notify the Administrative Agent of its receipt of such payment, prepayment or repayment, the details thereof (in reasonable detail) and that it is so notifying the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 10.14(b) . 
 133 

(c) Each Lender or Secured Party hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off, net and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender or Secured Party under any Loan Document, or otherwise payable or distributable by the Administrative Agent to such Lender or Secured Party from any source, against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under immediately preceding clause (a) or under the indemnification provisions of this Agreement. (d) In the event that an Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) is not recovered by the Administrative Agent for any reason, after demand therefor by the Administrative Agent in accordance with immediately preceding clause (a), from any Lender that has received such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) (and/or from any Payment Recipient who received such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) on its respective behalf) (such unrecovered amount, an Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency ), upon the Administrative Agent s notice to such Lender or Issuing Lender at any time, (i) such Lender shall be deemed to have assigned its Loans (but not its Commitments) of the relevant Class with respect to which such Erroneous Payment was made (the Erroneous Payment Impacted Class in an amount equal to the Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency (or such lesser amount as the Administrative Agent may specify) (such assignment of the Loans (but not Commitments) of the Erroneous Payment Impacted Class, the Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment at par plus any accrued and unpaid interest (with the assignment fee to be waived by the Administrative Agent in such instance), and is hereby (together with the Borrower) deemed to execute and deliver an Assignment and Assumption (or, to the extent applicable, an agreement incorporating an Assignment and Assumption by reference pursuant to a Platform as to which the Administrative Agent and such parties are participants) with respect to such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, and such Lender shall deliver any Notes evidencing such Loans to the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, (ii) the Administrative Agent as the assignee Lender shall be deemed to acquire the Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, (iii) upon such deemed acquisition, the Administrative Agent as the assignee Lender shall become a Lender hereunder with respect to such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment and the assigning Lender shall cease to be a Lender hereunder with respect to such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, its obligations under the indemnification provisions of this Agreement and its applicable Commitments which shall survive as to such assigning Lender and (iv) the Administrative Agent may reflect in the Register its ownership interest in the Loans subject to the Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment. The Administrative Agent may, in its discretion, sell any Loans acquired pursuant to an Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment and upon receipt of the proceeds of such sale, the Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency owing by the applicable Lender shall be reduced by the net proceeds of the sale of such Loan (or portion thereof), and the Administrative Agent shall retain all other rights, remedies and claims against such Lender (and/or against any recipient that receives funds on its respective behalf). For the avoidance of doubt, no Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment will reduce the Commitments of any Lender and such Commitments shall remain available in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. In addition, each party hereto agrees that, except to the extent that the Administrative Agent has sold a Loan (or portion thereof) acquired pursuant to an Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent may be equitably subrogated, the Administrative Agent shall be contractually subrogated to all the rights and interests of the applicable Lender or Secured Party under the Loan Documents with respect to each Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency (the Erroneous Payment Subrogation Rights ). (e) The parties hereto agree that an Erroneous Payment shall not pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise satisfy any Obligations owed by the Borrower or any other Loan Party, except, in each case, to the extent such Erroneous Payment is, and solely with respect to the amount of such Erroneous Payment that is, comprised of funds received by the Administrative Agent from the Borrower or any other Loan Party for the purpose of making such Erroneous Payment. (f) To the extent permitted by applicable law, no Payment Recipient shall assert any right or claim to an Erroneous Payment, and hereby waives, and is deemed to waive, any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by the Administrative Agent for the return of any Erroneous Payment received, including without limitation waiver of any defense based on discharge for value or any similar doctrine 
 134 

(g) Each party s obligations, agreements and waivers under this Section 10.14 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent, any transfer of rights or obligations by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and/or the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all Obligations (or any portion thereof) under any Loan Document. ARTICLE XI MISCELLANEOUS Section 11.01 Notices . (a) Notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by email or facsimile transmission, as follows: if to any Loan Party, to the Borrower at: Inotiv, Inc. 2701 Kent Avenue West Lafayette, IN 47906 Attention: President Email: bleasure@inotivco.com and to: Ice Miller LLP One American Square Suite 2900 Indianapolis, IN 46282 Attention: Stephen J. Hackman Email: stephen.hackman@icemiller.com if to the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, to it at: Jefferies Finance LLC 520 Madison Avenue New York, New York 10022 Attention: Account Manager - Inotiv Email: JFIN.Admin@Jefferies.com; JFIN.Notices@Jefferies.com if to a Lender, to it at its address (or facsimile number) set forth on Annex II or in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender shall have become a party hereto. All notices and other communications given to any party hereto in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement or any other Loan Documents shall be deemed to have been given on the date of receipt if delivered by hand or overnight courier service or sent by facsimile or by certified or registered mail, in each case delivered, sent or mailed (properly addressed) to such party as provided in this Section 11.01 or in accordance with the latest unrevoked direction from such party given in accordance with this Section 11.01, and failure to deliver courtesy copies of notices and other communications shall in no event affect the validity or effectiveness of such notices and other communications. Notices delivered through electronic communications to the extent provided in Section 11.01(b) below, shall be effective as provided in Section 11.01(b) . (b) Electronic Communications . Notices and other communications to the Lenders hereunder may (subject to Section 11.01(d)) be delivered or furnished by electronic communication (including e-mail and Internet or 
 135 

intranet websites) pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent; provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices to any Lender pursuant to Article II if such Lender has notified the Administrative Agent (in a manner set forth in Section 11.01(a)) that it is incapable of receiving notices under such Article by electronic communication. The Borrower agrees to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications, and the Administrative Agent , and the Collateral Agent or the Borrower may, in their respective sole discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures, respectively, approved by it (including as set forth in Section 11.01(d) ); provided that approval of such procedures by the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent may be limited to particular notices or communications. Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, (i) notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the sender s receipt ofan acknowledgement from the intended recipient (including by the return receipt requested function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement); provided that if such notice or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient, and (ii) notices or communications posted to an internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (i) of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor. (c) Change of Address, etc . Any party hereto may change its address, facsimile number or e-mail address for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. (d) Posting . Each Loan Party hereby agrees that it will provide to the Administrative Agent all information, documents and other materials that it is obligated to furnish to the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Agreement and any other Loan Document, including all notices, requests, financial statements, financial and other reports, certificates and other information materials, but excluding any such communication that (i) relates to a request for a new, or a conversion of an existing, Borrowing or other extension of credit (including any election of an interest rate or interest period relating thereto), (ii) relates to the payment of any principal or other amount due under this Agreement prior to the scheduled date therefor, (iii) provides notice of any Default or Event of Default under this Agreement or (iv) is required to be delivered to satisfy any condition precedent to the effectiveness of this Agreement and/or any borrowing or other extension of credit hereunder (all such non-excluded communications, collectively, the Communications ), by transmitting the Communications in an electronic/soft medium in a format reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent at such e-mail address(es) provided to the Borrower by the Administrative Agent from time to time or in such other form, including hard copy delivery thereof, as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably require. In addition, each Loan Party agrees to continue to provide the Communications to the Administrative Agent in the manner specified in this Agreement or any other Loan Document or in such other form, including hard copy delivery thereof, as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably require. Nothing in this Section 11.01 shall prejudice the right of the Agents, any Lender or any Loan Party to give any notice or other communication pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document in any other manner specified in this Agreement or any other Loan Document or as any such Agent shall reasonably require. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the parties hereto acknowledge and agree that the failure of any Loan Party to comply with the delivery requirements set forth in this clause (d) shall not constitute a Default or Event of Default for any purpose under any Loan Document as long as such Loan Party has delivered such item in a manner otherwise permitted under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, as applicable. (e) The Administrative Agent agrees that receipt of the Communications by the Administrative Agent at its e-mail address(es) set forth above shall constitute effective delivery of the Communications to the Administrative Agent for purposes of the Loan Documents; provided that the Borrower shall also deliver to the Administrative Agent an executed original of each Compliance Certificate required to be delivered hereunder. (f) Each Loan Party further agrees that the Administrative Agent may make the Communications available to the other Agents or the Lenders by posting the Communications on a Platform. The Platform and any Approved Electronic Communications are provided as is and as available. The 
 136 

Agents and their Related Persons do not warrant the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of the Communications or the Platform and expressly disclaim liability for errors or omissions in the Platform and the Approved Electronic Communications. No warranty of any kind, express, implied or statutory, including, without limitation, any warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement of third party rights or freedom from viruses or other code defects, is made by any Agent or their Related Persons in connection with the Communications or the Platform. Each party hereto agrees that no Agent has any responsibility for maintaining or providing any equipment, software, services or any testing required in connection with any Approved Electronic Communications or otherwise required for the Platform. In no event shall any Agent or any of its Related Persons have any liability to any Loan Party, any Lender or any other person for damages of any kind, whether or not based on strict liability and including, without limitation, direct or indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages, losses or expenses (whether in contract, tort or otherwise) arising out of or related to any Loan Party s or any Agent s transmissions of Communications through Internet (including the Platform). In no event shall any Agent or any of its Related Parties have any liability for any damages arising from the use by others of any information or other materials obtained through internet, electronic, telecommunications or other information transmission systems, except to the extent the same resulted primarily from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Agent or its Related Parties, in each case as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final and non-appealable judgment. Notices or communications posted to an internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (a) of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor. Each Loan Party understands that the distribution of material through an electronic medium is not necessarily secure and that there are confidentiality and other risks associated with such distribution and agrees and assumes the risks associated with such electronic distribution, except to the extent caused by the willful misconduct, gross negligence or bad faith of the Administrative Agent, as determined by a final, non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. (g) The Administrative Agent agrees that the receipt of the Communications by the Administrative Agent at its e-mail address shall constitute effective delivery of the Communications to the Administrative Agent for purposes of the Loan Documents. Each Lender agrees that receipt of notice to it (as provided in the next sentence) specifying that the Communications have been posted to the Platform shall constitute effective delivery of the Communications to such Lender for purposes of the Loan Documents. Each Lender agrees to notify the Administrative Agent in writing (including by electronic communication) from time to time of such Lender s e-mail address to which the foregoing notice may be sent by electronic transmission and that the foregoing notice may be sent to such e-mail address. Nothing herein shall prejudice the right of the Administrative Agent or any Lender to give any notice or other communication pursuant to any Loan Document in any other manner specified in such Loan Document. (h) Each Loan Party, each Lender and each Agent agrees that the Administrative Agent may, but shall not be obligated to, store any Approved Electronic Communications on the Platform in accordance with the Administrative Agent s customary document retention procedures and policies. (i) All uses of the Platform shall be governed by and subject to, in addition to this Section 11.01, separate terms and conditions posted or referenced in such Platform and related agreements executed by the Lenders and their Affiliates in connection with the use of such Platform. (j) Each Public Lender agrees to cause at least one individual at or on behalf of such Public Lender to at all times have selected the Private Side Information or similar designation on the content declaration screen of the Platform in order to enable such Public Lender or its delegate, in accordance with such Public Lender s compliance procedures and applicable law, including United States federal and state securities laws, to make reference to information that is not made available through the Public Side Information portion of the Platform and that may contain Non-Public Information with respect to the Borrower, its Subsidiaries or their securities for purposes of United States federal or state securities laws. In the event that any Public Lender has determined for itself to not access any information disclosed through the Platform or otherwise, such Public Lender acknowledges that (i) other Lenders may have availed themselves of such information and (ii) neither Borrower nor the Agents or other Lenders with access to such information shall have (x) any responsibility for such Public Lender s decision to limit the scope of the 
 137 

information it has obtained in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents or (y) any duty to disclose such information to such electing Lender or to use such information on behalf of such electing Lender, and shall not be liable for the failure to so disclose or use such information. Section 11.02 Waivers; Amendment . (a) No failure or delay by any Agent or any Lender in exercising any right or power hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right or power, or any abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce such a right or power, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or power. The rights and remedies of each Agent and the Lenders hereunder and under the other Loan Documents are cumulative and are not exclusive of any rights or remedies that they would otherwise have. No waiver of any provision of any Loan Document or consent to any departure by any Loan Party therefrom shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be permitted by Section 11.02(b), and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose for which given. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the making of a Loan shall not be construed as a waiver of any Default or Event of Default, regardless of whether any Agent or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of such Default or Event of Default at the time. No notice or demand on Borrower or any other Loan Party in any case shall entitle Borrower or any other Loan Party to any other or further notice or demand in similar or other circumstances. (b) Subject to Section 2.19(c), Section 2.20(c) and Section 11.02(c) , neither this Agreement nor any other Loan Document nor any provision hereof or thereof may be waived, amended, supplemented or modified, except (A) in the case of this Agreement, pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by Borrower and the Required Lenders (or the Administrative Agent acting with the written consent of the Required Lenders); provided that the Administrative Agent and the Borrower may, without the consent of the other, amend, modify or supplement this Agreement and any other Loan Document to cure any ambiguity, omission, typographical error, defect or inconsistency if such amendment, modification or supplement is not objected to in writing by the Required Lenders within five (5) Business Days following receipt of notice thereof or (B) in the case of any other Loan Document, pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent (in the case of any Security Document) and the Loan Party or Loan Parties that are parties thereto, in each case with the written consent of the Required Lenders; provided that no such agreement shall: (i) increase or extend the expiry date of the Commitment of any Lender without the written consent of such Lender (it being understood that no amendment, modification, termination, waiver or consent with respect to any condition precedent, covenant or Default (or any definition used, respectively, therein) shall constitute an increase in or extension of the expiry date of the Commitment of any Lender for purposes of this clause (i)); (ii) reduce or forgive the principal amount, interest, or premium, if any, of any Loan or reduce or forgive the rate of interest thereon (other than waiver of any increase in the rate of interest pursuant to Section 2.06(c)) , or reduce or forgive any Fees (including any prepayment fee), or other amount payable hereunder, or change the form or currency of payment of any Obligation, without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby; (iii) postpone or extend the maturity of any Loan, or any scheduled date of payment of or the installment otherwise due on the principal amount of any Term Loan under Section 2.09, or any date for the payment of any interest or fees or other amounts payable hereunder, or reduce the amount of, waive or excuse any such payment (other than a waiver of any increase in the rate of interest pursuant to Section 2.06(c)) without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby; (iv) change Section 11.04(b) in a manner which further restricts assignments thereunder without the written consent of each Lender of the applicable Class; (v) change any provision altering the order of or the pro rata sharing of payments or 
 138 

setoffs required thereby, including, without limitation, Section 2.14(b) or (c) or Section 9.02, without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby; (vi) change the percentage set forth in the definition of Required Lenders or any other provision of any Loan Document (including this Section 11.02 specifying the number or percentage of Lenders (or Lenders of any Class) required to waive, amend or modify any rights thereunder or make any determination or grant any consent thereunder, without the written consent of each Lender (or each Lender of such Class, as the case may be); (vii) amend Section 9.02 in a manner that directly and adversely affects any Class without the consent of the Lenders of such Class holding more than 50 of the Loans and unused Commitments of such Class; (viii) release all or substantially all of the value of the Guarantees of the Guarantors (except as expressly provided in Article VII) , or limit their liability in respect of such Guarantees, without the written consent of each Lender; (ix) release all or substantially all of the Collateral in any transaction or series of related transactions (it being understood that a transaction permitted under Section 6.05 or Section 6.06 shall not constitute the release of all or substantially all of the Collateral), without the written consent of each Lender; (x) except as otherwise permitted in any Security Document, release all or substantially all of the value of the Collateral from the Liens of the Security Documents (except in connection with Asset Sales permitted hereunder) or alter the relative priorities of the Secured Obligations entitled to the Liens of the Security Documents (except in connection with securing additional Obligations equally and ratably with the other Secured Obligations to the extent permitted hereunder), in each case without the written consent of each Lender; (xi) change any provisions of any Loan Document (including Section 9.02) in a manner that by its terms adversely affects the rights in respect of payments due to Lenders holding Loans of any Class differently than those holding Loans of any other Class, without the written consent of Lenders holding a majority in interest of the outstanding Loans and unused Commitments of each adversely affected Class; (xii) change any provision affecting the order of application of prepayments among Term Loans and/or Revolving Loans and any other Obligations, including, without limitation, under Section 2.10( f h ), in each case in a manner that directly and adversely affects any Class without the consent of each Lender of such Class; (xiii) (A) subordinate any of the Obligations under the Loan Documents to any other Indebtedness or (B) subordinate the Liens securing any of the Obligations on the Collateral to any other Lien securing any other Indebtedness, without the consent of each Lender directly affected thereby; or (xiv) adversely affect any tranche (as contemplated in Section 2.20(a)) in a disproportionate manner without the consent of both (x) as calculated on any date of determination, the Lenders having more than 50 of the sum of the aggregate principal amount of all outstanding Loans and Commitments under such tranche and (y) the Required Lenders; provided that any waiver, amendment, supplement or otherwise modification which affects solely any single tranche (as contemplated by Section 2.20(a)) may be effected solely with the consent of, as calculated of any date of determination, the Lenders having more than 50 of the sum of the aggregate principal amount of all outstanding Loans and Commitments under such tranche and without the consent of Lenders under any other tranche (in their capacity as Lenders under such other tranche provided, further, that (1) no such agreement shall amend, modify or otherwise affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent or the 
 139 

Collateral Agent, as the case may be, and (2) any waiver, amendment or modification of this Agreement that by its terms directly affects the rights or duties under this Agreement of the Revolving Lenders (but not the Term Loan Lenders) or the Term Loan Lenders (but not the Revolving Lenders) may be effected by an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by Borrower and the requisite percentage in interest of the affected Class of Lenders that would be required to consent thereto under this Section 11.02 if such Class of Lenders were the only Class of Lenders hereunder at the time. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any provision of this Agreement may be amended by an agreement in writing entered into by Borrower, the Required Lenders and the Administrative Agent if (x) by the terms of such agreement the Commitment of each Lender not consenting to the amendment provided for therein shall terminate upon the effectiveness of such amendment, (y) at the time such amendment becomes effective, each Lender not consenting thereto receives payment in full of the principal of, premium, if any, and interest accrued on each Loan made by it and all other amounts owing to it or accrued for its account under this Agreement, and (z) Section 2.16(b) is complied with. (c) Without the consent of any other person, the (x) applicable Loan Party or Loan Parties and the Administrative Agent and/or Collateral Agent may (in its or their respective sole discretion, or shall, to the extent required by any Loan Document) enter into any amendment or waiver of any Loan Document, or enter into any new agreement or instrument, to effect the granting, perfection, protection, expansion or enhancement of any security interest in any Collateral or additional Property to become Collateral for the benefit of the Secured Parties, or as required by applicable Legal Requirements to give effect to, or protect any security interest for the benefit of the Secured Parties, in any Property or assets so that the security interests therein comply with applicable Legal Requirements and (y) the Borrower and the Administrative Agent and/or Collateral Agent may (in its or their respective sole discretion) enter into any amendment or waiver of any Loan Document, or enter into any new agreement or instrument, to give effect to Section 2.20(c) . (d) Any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document may be amended by an agreement in writing entered into by Borrower and the Administrative Agent to cure any ambiguity, omission, typographical error, defect or inconsistency (including, without limitation, amendments, supplements or waivers to any of the Security Documents, guarantees, intercreditor agreements or related documents executed by any Loan Party or any other Subsidiary in connection with this Agreement if such amendment, supplement or waiver is delivered in order to cause such Security Documents, guarantees, intercreditor agreements or related documents to be consistent with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents) so long as, in each case, the Lenders shall have received at least five Business Days prior written notice thereof and the Administrative Agent shall not have received, within five Business Days of the date of such notice to the Lenders, a written notice from the Lenders constituting the Required Lenders stating that the Required Lenders object to such amendment; provided that (i) the consent of the Lenders or the Required Lenders, as the case may be, shall not be required to make any such changes necessary to be made in connection with any borrowing of New Term Loans or the making of any New Revolving Commitments or any Extension and otherwise to effect the provisions of Section 2.19 or 2.20, and (ii) the Borrower and the Collateral Agent may, without the input or consent of the other Lenders, effect changes to any Mortgage as may be necessary or appropriate in the opinion of the Collateral Agent. Section 11.03 Expenses; Indemnity . (a) The Loan Parties agree, jointly and severally, to pay, promptly upon demand in accordance with subclauses (d) and (g) below: (i) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by the Arranger, the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent, including the reasonable and documented fees, charges and disbursements of Advisors for the Arranger, the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent, in connection with the syndication of the Loans and Commitments, the preparation, negotiation, execution and delivery of the Loan Documents, the administration of the Credit Extensions and Commitments (including with respect to the establishment and maintenance of a Platform), the filing, perfection and maintenance of the Liens securing the Collateral and any actual or proposed amendment, supplement or waiver of any of the Loan Documents (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated); 
 140 

provided that the fees, charges and disbursements of legal counsel shall be limited for the Arranger, the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent, taken as a group, to one primary counsel, one counsel in each relevant jurisdiction, one specialty counsel for each relevant specialty, and, in the case of one or more actual or potential conflicts of interest, one or more additional counsel for each class of similarly situated persons; (ii) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent, including the reasonable and documented fees, charges and disbursements of Advisors for the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent, in connection with any action, claim, suit, litigation, investigation, inquiry or proceeding affecting the Collateral or any part thereof, in which action, claim, suit, litigation, investigation, inquiry or proceeding the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent is made a party or participates or in which the right to use the Collateral or any part thereof is threatened, or in which it becomes necessary in the judgment of the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent to defend or uphold the Liens granted by the Security Documents (including any action, claim, suit, litigation, investigation, inquiry or proceeding to establish or uphold the compliance of the Collateral with any Legal Requirements); and (iii) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by the Arranger, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, any other Agent or any Lender, including the reasonable and documented fees, charges and disbursements of Advisors for any of the foregoing, incurred in connection with the enforcement, preservation or protection of its rights under the Loan Documents or relating to any Specified Hedging Agreement or any Bank Product Agreement, including its rights under this Section 11.03(a), or in connection with the Loans made hereunder and the collection of the Secured Obligations, including all such costs and expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of the Secured Obligations; provided that, unless a Default or Event of Default has occurred and is then continuing, such costs and expenses incurred by Advisors retained by all or any of the Lenders (but not retained by the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any other Agent) shall be limited to such costs and expenses of such Advisors retained by Lenders constituting at least the Required Lenders (together with such additional Advisors as may be necessary or advisable to be retained by any Lender to resolve any conflicts of interest affecting such Lender or Lenders); provided that the fees, charges and disbursements of legal counsel shall be limited to (v) one primary counsel for the Arranger, the Administrative Agent , and the Collateral Agent, all other Ag e nts and all oth e r taken as a group, (w) one primary counsel for the Lenders, taken as a group, to one primary counsel, (x) one counsel for the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent, taken as a group, in each relevant jurisdiction , and one specialty counsel for the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent, taken as a group, for each relevant specialty, aad, (y) one counsel for the Lenders, taken as a group, in each relevant jurisdiction and one specialty counsel for the Lenders, taken as a group, for each relevant specialty and (z) in the case of one or more actual or potential conflicts of interest, one or more additional counsel for each class of similarly situated persons. (b) The Loan Parties agree, jointly and severally, to indemnify the Arranger, the Agents, each Lender, each affiliate of any of the foregoing persons, each of their successors and assigns and each Related Person of each of the foregoing (each such person being called an Indemnitee against, and to hold each Indemnitee harmless from, all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and any and all actual losses, claims, damages, liabilities, fees, fines, penalties, actions, judgments, suits and related expenses, including reasonable and documented Advisors fees, charges and disbursements (in each case, subject to the provisos in Section 11.03(a)(i) , (ii) and (iii) with respect to certain Advisors) (collectively, Claims ), incurred by or asserted against any Indemnitee, directly or indirectly, arising out of, in any way connected with, or as a result of (i) the execution, delivery, performance, administration or enforcement of the Loan Documents or any agreement or instrument contemplated thereby or the performance by the parties thereto of their respective obligations thereunder, (ii) any actual or proposed use of the proceeds of the Loans, (iii) any claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, any Specified Hedging Agreement or any Bank Product Agreement or any agreement or instrument contemplated thereby or the performance by the parties thereto of their respective obligations thereunder, whether brought by a third party or by any Loan Party or otherwise, and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto, (iv) any actual or alleged presence or Release 
 141 

or threatened Release of Hazardous Materials, on, at, under or from any Property owned, leased or operated by any Company at any time, or any Environmental Claim or threatened Environmental Claim related in any way to any Company, (v) any past, present or future non-compliance with, or violation of, Environmental Laws or Environmental Permits applicable to any Company, or any Company s business, or any Property presently or formerly owned, leased, or operated by any Company or their predecessors in interest, (vi) the environmental condition of any Property owned, leased, or operated by any Company at any time, or the applicability of any Legal Requirements relating to such Property, whether or not occasioned wholly or in part by any condition, accident or event caused by any act or omission of any Company, (vii) the imposition of any Lien pursuant to Environmental Law encumbering Real Property, (viii) the consummation of the Transactions (including the syndication of the Facilities) and the other transactions contemplated hereby or (ix) any actual or prospective claim, action, suit, litigation, inquiry, investigation, or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory, whether brought by a third party or by any Loan Party or otherwise, and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto; provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and non-appealable judgment to have resulted directly from (i) the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee, any of its Affiliates or any of their Related Persons (as determined in a final and non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction), (ii) a material breach of any Indemnitee s obligations or the obligations of any of its Subsidiaries or its or their Related Persons under the Loan Documents (as determined in a final and non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction) or (iii) any dispute among Indemnitees (other than a dispute involving claims against the Administrative Agent, the Arranger or the Collateral Agent solely in connection with its activities in such capacities) not arising out of any acts or omissions of the Borrower or any of its Affiliates. Claims shall include any Taxes, losses, claims or damages arising from any non-Tax claim in respect of the Loan Documents. (c) The Loan Parties agree, jointly and severally, that, without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and any affected Lender, which consent(s) will not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned the Loan Parties will not enter into any settlement of a Claim in respect of the subject matter of clauses (i) through (ix) of Section 11.03(b) unless such settlement includes an explicit and unconditional release from the party bringing such Claim of all affected Indemnitees from all liability or claims that are the subject matter of such Claim and does not include any statement as to or an admission of fault, culpability or failure to act by or on behalf of any Indemnitees. (d) The provisions of this Section 11.03 shall remain operative and in full force and effect regardless of the expiration of the term of this Agreement, the consummation of the Transactions and the other transactions contemplated hereby, the repayment of the Loans and any other Secured Obligations, the release of any Guarantor or of all or any portion of the Collateral, the expiration of the Commitments, the invalidity or unenforceability of any term or provision of this Agreement, any other Loan Document, any Specified Hedging Agreement or any Bank Product Agreement, or any investigation made by or on behalf of the Agents or any Lender. All amounts due under this Section 11.03 shall be payable promptly on written demand therefor in accordance with paragraph (g) below accompanied by reasonable documentation with respect to any reimbursement, indemnification or other amount requested. (e) To the extent that the Loan Parties fail to indefeasibly pay any amount required to be paid by them to the Agents under paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section 11.03 in accordance with paragraph (g) of this Section 11.03, each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Agents such Lender s Pro Rata Share (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought) of such unpaid amount in electronic wire (and indemnity shall be effective whether or not the related losses, claims, damages, liabilities and related expenses are incurred or asserted by any party hereto or any third party); provided that the unreimbursed Claim was incurred by or asserted against any Agent in its capacity as such. (f) To the fullest extent permitted by applicable Legal Requirements, no party hereto shall assert, and each party hereto hereby waives, any claim against any other party hereto (or any of their respective Affiliates, Subsidiaries and their and their Affiliates and Subsidiaries Related Persons), on any theory of liability, for special, 
 142 

indirect, consequential, or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, any Loan Document, any Specified Hedging Agreement, any Bank Product Agreement or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the Transactions, any Loan or the use of the proceeds thereof, except to the extent such damages result from a claim that would otherwise be subject to indemnification pursuant to the terms of Section 11.03(b) ; provided that nothing contained in this sentence shall limit the Borrower s indemnification obligations. No Indemnitee shall be liable for any damages (other than those damages resulting from gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final non-appealable judgment) arising from the use by unintended recipients of any information or other materials distributed by it through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems in connection with the Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby. (g) All amounts due under this Section 11.03 shall be payable not later than five Business Days after demand therefor. Section 11.04 Successors and Assigns . (a) (a) The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that the Loan Parties may not assign or otherwise transfer any of their respective rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and each Lender, which respective consents may be withheld in their sole discretion (and any attempted assignment or transfer by any Loan Party without such consent shall be null and void). Nothing in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, express or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants to the extent expressly provided in paragraph (f) of this Section 11.04 and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the other Indemnitees) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement or any other Loan Document. (b) Any Lender shall have the right at any time to assign to one or more assignees (other than any Company or any Affiliate thereof or a natural person) all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Loans at the time owing to it) ; provided that: (i) except in the case of (A) an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender, a joint venture partner of a Lender or an Approved Fund, (B) any assignment made in connection with the syndication of the Commitments and Loans by the Arranger or (C) an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender s Commitment or Loans, (x) the amount of the Term Loan Commitment or Term Loans (including funded Delayed Draw Term Loans) of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent) shall be in an amount of an integral multiple of, and not be less than, 1,000,000 and (y) the amount of the Revolving Commitment or Revolving Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent) shall not be less than 2,500,000; (ii) each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all of the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, except that this clause (ii) shall not be construed to prohibit the assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender s rights and obligations in respect of one Class of Commitments or Loans; (iii) the parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption, together with a processing and recordation fee of 3,500 to be paid either by the assignor or assignee (which fee may be waived or reduced by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion); provided that such fee shall not be payable in the case of (A) an assignment by any Lender to an Affiliate, joint venture partner or Approved Fund of such Lender or (B) any assignment made in connection with the primary syndication of the Commitments and Loans by the Arranger; 
 143 

(iv) the assignee, if it shall not be a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire; (v) [reserved]; (vi) except in the case of an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender, a joint venture partner of a Lender or an Approved Fund, the Administrative Agent must give its prior written consent to such assignment (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned); and (vii) except in the case of (A) an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender, a joint venture partner of a Lender or an Approved Fund, a Permitted Buy-back, (C) any assignment made in connection with the initial syndication of the Initial Term Loan Commitments and the Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitments in effect and the Initial Term Loans to be made on the Closing Date by the Arranger or any of their Affiliates and (D) any assignment made in connection with the syndication of the 2022 Incremental Term Loan Commitments and the 2022 Incremental Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitments in effect and the 2022 Incremental Term Loans to be made on the First Amendment Effective Date, the Borrower must give its prior written consent to such assignment (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned); provided that the Borrower shall be deemed to have consented to any such assignment unless it shall object thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within five (5) Business Days after having received notice thereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, any consent of the Borrower otherwise required under this paragraph shall not be required. Subject to acceptance and recording thereof pursuant to paragraph (d) of this Section 11.04, from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption, the assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement provided that any liability of the Borrower to such assignee under Section 2.12, 2.13 or 2.15 shall be limited to the amount, if any, that would have been payable thereunder by Borrower in the absence of such assignment, except to the extent any such amounts are attributable to a Change in Law occurring after the date of such assignment), and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.12, 2.13, 2.15 and 11.03) . (c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 11.04(c) or any other provision of this Agreement, each Lender shall have the right at any time to sell, assign or transfer all or a portion of its Term Loans owing to it to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (but not any natural person) on a non pro rata basis, subject to the following limitations: (i) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is then continuing, or would immediately result therefrom; (ii) the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries shall repurchase such Term Loans through one or more modified Dutch auctions or other buy-back offer processes (each, an Offer Process with a third party financial institution as auction agent to repurchase all or any portion of the applicable Class of Loans provided that (A) notice of such Offer Process shall be made to all Term Loan Lenders and (B) such Offer Process is conducted pursuant to procedures mutually established by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower which are consistent with this Section 11.04(c); provided that (i) no default or Event of Default then exists or would result therefrom, (ii) all parties to the relevant assignment shall render customary big boy disclaimer letters and (iii) any such Term Loans shall be automatically and permanently cancelled immediately upon purchase by the Borrower (without any increase to Consolidated EBITDA as a result of any gains associated with cancellation of debt) (any such purchase and assignment, a Permitted Buy-Back ). 
 144 

(iii) with respect to all repurchases made by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to this Section 11.04(c), (u) none of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries shall be required to make any representations that the Borrower or such Subsidiary is not in possession of any information regarding the Borrower, its Subsidiaries or its Affiliates, or their assets, the Borrower s ability to perform its Obligations or any other matter that may be material to a decision by any Lender to participate in any offer or enter into any Assignment and Assumption or any of the transactions contemplated thereby that has not previously been disclosed to the Administrative Agent and Private Siders, (v) the repurchases are in compliance with Sections 6.04 and 6.07 hereof, (w) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result from such repurchase, (x) the Borrower or such Subsidiary shall not use the proceeds of any Revolving Loans to acquire such Term Loans, (y) the assigning Lender and the Borrower or such Subsidiary, as applicable, shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and (z) all parties to the relevant repurchases shall render customary big-boy disclaimer letters or any such disclaimers shall be incorporated into the terms of the Assignment and Assumption; and (iv) following repurchase by the Borrower or such Subsidiary pursuant to this Section, the Term Loans so repurchased shall, without further action by any Person, be deemed cancelled for all purposes and no longer outstanding (and may not be resold by the Borrower or such Subsidiary), for all purposes of this Agreement and all other Loan Documents, including, but not limited to (1) the making of, or the application of, any payments to the Lenders under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (2) the making of any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent or waiver under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or (3) the determination of Required Lenders, or for any similar or related purpose, under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and the Borrower shall neither obtain nor have any rights as a Lender hereunder or under the other Loan Documents by virtue of such repurchase (without limiting the foregoing, in all events, such Term Loans may not be resold or otherwise assigned, or subject to any participation, or otherwise transferred by the Borrower or such Subsidiary). In connection with any Term Loans repurchased and cancelled pursuant to this Section 11.04(c)(iv) the Administrative Agent is authorized to make appropriate entries in the Register to reflect any such cancellation . ; and (v) both before and after the applicable Offer Process and repurchase, no Revolving Loans shall be outstanding or shall be applied to so repurchase. (d) The Administrative Agent, acting for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, shall maintain at one of its offices a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitments of, and principal amount and stated interest of the Loans owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register ). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error, and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall treat each person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. The Register is intended to cause each Loan and other obligation hereunder to be in registered form within the meaning of Section 5f.103-1(c) and Proposed Section 1.163-5(b) of the United States Treasury Regulations and within the meaning of Sections 163(f), 871(h)(2) and 881(c)(2) of the Code. The Register shall be available for inspection by Borrower, the Collateral Agent and any Lender (with respect to its own interest only), at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. (e) Upon its receipt of a duly completed Assignment and Assumption executed by an assigning Lender and an assignee, the assignee s completed Administrative Questionnaire (unless the assignee shall already be a Lender hereunder), the processing and recordation fee referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section 11.04 and any written consent to such assignment required by paragraph (b) of this Section 11.04, the Administrative Agent shall reasonably promptly accept such Assignment and Assumption and record the information contained therein in the Register. No assignment shall be effective for purposes of this Agreement unless it has been recorded in the Register 
 145 

as provided in this paragraph. Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with the requirements of this Section 11.04 shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender ofa participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with paragraph (f) of this Section 11.04 . (f) Any Lender shall have the right at any time, without the consent of, or notice to the Borrower, the Administrative Agent or any other person to sell participations to any person (other than, (x) if the list of Disqualified Institutions is posted to all Lenders (which the Administrative Agent has express authority to do), any Disqualified Institution, (y) any Company or any Affiliate thereof or (z) a natural person) (a Participant in all or a portion of such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Loans owing to it); provided that (i) such Lender s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iii) the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce the Loan Documents and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of the Loan Documents; provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, modification or waiver that (1) is described in clauses (i), (ii), (iii), (viii) or (ix) of the proviso to Section 11.02(b) and (2) directly affects such Participant. Subject to the last sentence of this Section 11.04(f), each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.12, 2.13 and 2.15 to the same extent as if it were a Lender (it being understood that the documentation required under Section 2.15(e) shall be delivered to the participating Lender; provided , however , that a Participant that is claiming exemption from U.S. federal withhold tax under Section 871(h) or 881(c) of the Code with respect to payments of portfolio interest shall furnish a U.S. Tax Certificate in the form of Exhibit G-2 or G-3, as applicable) and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section 11.04 . To the extent permitted by Legal Requirements, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 11.08 as though it were a Lender; provided that such Participant agrees in writing to be subject to Section 2.14(c) as though it were a Lender. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, maintain at one of its offices a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of its Participants, and the principal amounts and stated interest of its participations (the Participant Register ). The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender (and the Borrower, to the extent that the Participant requests payment from the Borrower; provided that the Borrower has had a reasonable opportunity to review such Participant Register to confirm such Participant is a Participant in accordance with the terms hereof and other relevant information in connection with making any such payment) shall treat each person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. No Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register to any person (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant s interest in any commitments, loans, letters of credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan, or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) and Proposed Section 1.163-5(b) of the United States Treasury Regulations and within the meaning of Sections 163(f), 871(h)(2) and 881(c)(2) of the Code. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. (g) A Participant shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 2.12, 2.13 or 2.15 than the applicable Lender would have been entitled to receive with respect to the participation sold to such Participant, unless the sale of such participation to such Participant is made with the prior written consent of the Borrower (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned) or such greater payment is as a result of a Change in Law after the date the participation was sold to the Participant. A Participant that would be a Foreign Lender if it were a Lender shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 2.15 and such Participant agrees, for the benefit of the Borrower, to supply any forms required by Section 2.15(e) to the participating Lender (and shall not be required to supply such forms to the Borrower or the Administrative Agent). 
 146 

(h) Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender without restriction, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank or any central bank, and this Section 11.04 shall not apply to any such pledge or assignment of a security interest; provided that no such pledge or assignment ofa security interest shall release a Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. Without limiting the foregoing, in the case of any Lender that is a fund that invests in bank loans or similar extensions of credit, such Lender may, without the consent of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent or any other person, collaterally assign or pledge all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement, including the Loans and Notes or any other instrument evidencing its rights as a Lender under this Agreement, to any holder of, trustee for, or any other representative of holders of, obligations owed or securities issued, by such fund, as security for such obligations or securities. (i) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any Lender (a Granting Lender may grant to a special purpose funding vehicle (an SPC ), identified as such in writing from time to time by the Granting Lender to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, the option to provide to the Borrower all or any part of any Loan that such Granting Lender would otherwise be obligated to make to such Borrower pursuant to this Agreement; provided that (i) nothing herein shall constitute a commitment by any SPC to make any Loan and (ii) if an SPC elects not to exercise such option or otherwise fails to provide all or any part of such Loan, the Granting Lender shall be obligated to make such Loan pursuant to the terms hereof; provided , further , that nothing herein shall make the SPC a Lender for the purposes of this Agreement, obligate Borrower or any other Loan Party or the Administrative Agent to deal with such SPC directly, obligate Borrower or any other Loan Party in any manner to any greater extent than they were obligated to the Granting Lender, or increase costs or expenses of the Borrower. The Loan Parties and the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to deal solely with, and obtain good discharge from, the Granting Lender and shall not be required to investigate or otherwise seek the consent or approval of any SPC, including for the approval of any amendment, waiver or other modification of any provision of any Loan Document. The making of a Loan by an SPC hereunder shall utilize the Commitment of the Granting Lender to the same extent, and as if, such Loan were made by such Granting Lender. Each party hereto hereby agrees that no SPC shall be liable for any indemnity or similar payment obligation under this Agreement (all liability or payment obligation for which shall remain with the Granting Lender). In furtherance of the foregoing, each party hereto hereby agrees (which agreement shall survive the termination of this Agreement) that, prior to the date that is one year and one day after the payment in full of all outstanding commercial paper or other senior indebtedness of any SPC, it will not institute against, or join any other person in instituting against, such SPC any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceedings under the laws of the United States of America or any state thereof. In addition, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 11.04(i), any SPC may (i) with notice to, but without the prior written consent of, the Borrower and the Administrative Agent and without paying any processing fee therefor, assign all or a portion of its interests in any Loans to the Granting Lender or to any financial institutions (consented to by Borrower and the Administrative Agent) providing liquidity and/or credit support to or for the account of such SPC to support the funding or maintenance of Loans and (ii) disclose on a confidential basis any Non-Public Information relating to its Loans to any rating agency, commercial paper dealer or provider of any surety, guarantee or credit or liquidity enhancement to such SPC. (j) The words execution, signed, signature, and words of like import in any Assignment and Assumption shall be deemed to include electronic signatures or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable Legal Requirement, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. (k) None of the Lenders, the Arranger, the Bookrunner or the Agents shall be responsible or have any liability for, or have any duty to ascertain, inquire into, monitor or enforce, compliance with the provisions hereof relating to Disqualified Institutions. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent shall not (i) be obligated to ascertain, monitor or inquire as to whether any Lender or Participant or prospective Lender or 
 147 

Participant is a Disqualified Institution or (ii) have any liability with respect to or arising out of any assignment or participation of Loans or Commitments, or disclosure of confidential information, to any Disqualified Institution. Upon request by any Lender, the Administrative Agent shall be permitted to disclose to such Lender the identity of the Disqualified Institutions. Each Lender hereby acknowledges and agrees that the information disclosed to it by the Administrative Agent pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence shall be subject in all respects to the provisions set forth in Section 11.12 . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, each Loan Party and each Lender acknowledges and agrees that the Administrative Agent shall have no liability with respect to any assignment or participation made to any Disqualified Institution or natural person (regardless of whether the consent of the Administrative Agent is required thereto), and no Loan Party, any Lender or their respective Affiliates will bring any claim to such effect. Section 11.05 Survival of Agreement . All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made by the Loan Parties in the Loan Documents and in the reports, certificates or other instruments delivered in connection with or pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be considered to have been relied upon by the other parties hereto and shall survive the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents and the making of any Loans regardless of any investigation made by any such other party or on its behalf and notwithstanding that the Agents or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default or Event of Default or incorrect representation or warranty at the time any credit is extended hereunder, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as any Loan or any Obligation hereunder shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied and so long as the Commitments have not expired or terminated. The provisions of Article X and Sections 2.12 to 2.15 , 11.03, 11.09, 11.08, 11.10 and 11.18 shall survive and remain in full force and effect regardless of the consummation of the Transactions and the other transactions contemplated hereby, the repayment of the Loans, the expiration or termination of the Commitments or the termination of this Agreement or any provision hereof. Section 11.06 Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. This Agreement, the Engagement Letter and the other Loan Documents constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. Without limiting the requirements that each of the conditions precedent in Article IV with respect to each Credit Extension requested by Borrower be satisfied, to the extent set forth therein, this Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts hereof which, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto, and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective permitted successors and assigns. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement by facsimile or other electronic transmission (e.g., pdf or tif format) shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement. The words execution, signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to this Agreement or any document to be signed in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be deemed to include electronic signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, and the parties hereto consent to conduct the transactions contemplated hereunder by electronic means. Section 11.07 Severability . Any provision of this Agreement held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability without affecting the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions hereof; and the invalidity of a particular provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate such provision in any other jurisdiction. The parties hereto shall endeavor in good-faith negotiations to replace any invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions with valid provisions the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions. 
 148 

Section 11.08 Right of Setoff . If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, each Lender and each of their respective Affiliates are hereby irrevocably authorized at any time and from time to time (without notice to the Borrower or any other Loan Party, any such notice being expressly waived by each of the Borrower and each other Loan Party), to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Legal Requirements, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final, in whatever currency) at any time held and other obligations (in whatever currency) at any time owing by such Lender or any such Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of any Loan Party against any and all of the obligations of any Loan Party now or hereafter existing under this Agreement or any other Loan Documents held by such Lender, irrespective of whether or not such Lender shall have made any demand under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and although such obligations may be contingent or unmatured or are owed to a branch or office of such Lender different from the branch or office holding such deposit or obligated on such indebtedness; provided that such Lender complied with Section 2.14(c) . The rights of each Lender under this Section 11.08 are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) which such Lender may have. Each Lender agrees to notify Borrower and the Administrative Agent promptly after any such setoff and application; provided , however , that in no event shall the failure to give such notice effect the validity of enforceability of any such setoffs. No Agent or Lender shall be under any obligation to marshal any assets in favor of any Loan Party or any other Person or against or in payment of any or all of the Obligations. To the extent that any Loan Party makes a payment or payments to the Administrative Agent or Lenders (or to the Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Lenders), or any Agent or Lender enforces any security interests or exercises any right of setoff, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or setoff or any part thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside and/or required to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party under any Debtor Relief Law or any equitable cause, then, to the extent of such recovery, the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied, and all Liens, rights and remedies therefor or related thereto, shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment or payments had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred. Section 11.09 Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process . (a) (a) This Agreement and the other Loan Documents and any claims, controversy, dispute or cause of action (whether sounding in contract, tort or otherwise) based upon, arising out ofor relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document (except, as to any other Loan Document, as expressly set forth therein) and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the law of the State of New York. (b) Each party hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its Property, to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Supreme Court of the State of New York sitting in New York County and of the United States District Court of the Southern District of New York, and any appellate court from any thereof (except to the extent the Administrative Agent requires submission to any other jurisdiction in connection with the exercise of any rights under any security document or the enforcement of any judgment), in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to any Loan Document, or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment, and each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that all claims in respect of any such action or proceeding may be heard and determined in such New York State court or, to the extent permitted by applicable Legal Requirements, in such federal court. Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by applicable Legal Requirements. Each Loan Party agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law and that nothing in this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall affect any right that the Agents or the Lenders may otherwise have to bring any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document against it or any of its assets in the courts of any jurisdiction. (c) Each party hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Legal Requirements, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement, any other Loan Document, any Specified 
 149 

Hedging Agreement or any Bank Product Agreement in any court referred to in Section 11.09(b) . Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Legal Requirements, the defense ofan inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court. (d) Each party to this Agreement irrevocably consents to service of process in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to any Loan Document, in the manner provided for notices (other than facsimile or email) in Section 11.01 . Nothing in this Agreement or any other Loan Document will affect the right of any party to this Agreement to serve process in any other manner permitted by applicable Legal Requirements. Section 11.10 Waiver of Jury Trial . EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LEGAL REQUIREMENTS, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO ANY LOAN DOCUMENT, ANY SPECIFIED HEDGING AGREEMENT, ANY BANK PRODUCT AGREEMENT, THE TRANSACTIONS OR THE OTHER TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 11.10 . Section 11.11 Headings; No Adverse Interpretation of Other Agreements . Article and Section headings and the Table of Contents used herein are for convenience of reference only, are not part of this Agreement and shall not affect the construction of, or be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Agreement. Section 11.12 Confidentiality . Each of the Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent and the other Lenders agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to its Related Persons, (b) to its Related Persons directors, officers, employees, agents, advisors and other representatives, including independent auditors, legal counsel, other experts or agents and other advisors in connection with the Transactions (it being understood that the persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential pursuant to the terms hereof), (c) to the extent required by any governmental or regulatory authority or any self-regulatory authority (such as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners and the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission), (d) in any legal, judicial, administrative proceeding or other compulsory process to the extent required (i) by applicable Legal Requirements or (ii) by any subpoena or similar legal process or in connection with any pledge or assignment made pursuant to Section 11.04(g), (e) to any other party to this Agreement (solely with respect to clauses (a) and (b) above, it being understood that the persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential pursuant to the terms hereof), (f) in connection with the exercise of any remedies under the Loan Documents or any suit, action or proceeding relating to this Agreement, any other Loan Document, any Specified Hedging Agreement or any Bank Product Agreement or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, but only to the extent required in connection with such exercise or enforcement, (g) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section 11.12, to (i) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement, (ii) any actual or prospective counterparty (or its advisors) to any swap or derivative transaction relating to the Borrower and its obligations, (iii) any rating agency for the purpose of obtaining a credit rating applicable to any Loan or Loan Party or (iv) any actual or prospective investor in an SPC, (h) with the prior written consent of the Borrower or (i) to the extent such Information (i) is publicly available at the time of disclosure or becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section 11.12, (ii) becomes available to the Administrative Agent or any Lender on a non-confidential basis from a source other than a Company other than as a result of a breach of this Section 11.12, (iii) is received from a third party that is not known to be subject to confidentiality obligations to the 
 150 

Company or (iv) is independently developed without the use of any confidential information; provided , however , that with respect to clauses (c) and (d) above, if the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any Lender receives a subpoena, interrogatory or other request (verbal or otherwise) for any Information (other than with regard to filings made with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission); or believes that it is legally required to disclose any of the Information to a third party, it shall (other than in connection with any routine audit or examination conducted by bank accountants or any governmental bank regulatory authority exercising examination or regulatory authority), as far in advance of such disclosure as is practicable, to the extent practicable and legally permissible, promptly provide to the Borrower notice of any such request or requirement so that the Borrower or the applicable Loan Party (or Subsidiary thereof) may seek a protective order or other remedy (it being understood and agreed that Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent and any Lenders shall cooperate in securing a protective order or other remedy in respect thereof); provided , further , that it shall (1) exercise commercially reasonable efforts to preserve the confidentiality of such Information, (2) to the extent legally permissible, use commercially reasonable efforts to provide Borrower, as far in advance of such disclosure as is practicable, with copies of any Information it intends to disclose (and, if applicable, the text of the disclosure language itself), and (3) reasonably cooperate with the Borrower and the applicable Loan Party (or Subsidiary thereof) to the extent either of them may seek to limit such disclosure. In addition, the Agents and the Lenders may disclose the existence of the Loan Documents and information about the Loan Documents to market data collectors, similar service providers to the financing community, and service providers to the Agents and the Lenders and in connection with league table reporting. For the purposes of this Section 11.12, Information shall mean all information received from a Loan Party or any of its Related Persons relating to any Loan Party or any Company or any of its or their Subsidiaries, other than any such information that is available to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any Lender on a non-confidential basis prior to disclosure by a Company. Any person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section 11.12 shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such person accords to its own confidential information. Agents and Lenders agree that money damages may not be a sufficient remedy for any breach of this confidentiality provision, and in addition to all other remedies, the Loan Parties will be entitled, without the need to prove irreparable injury, to seek specific performance and injunctive or other equitable relief as a remedy for any such breach, and Agents and Lenders further waive any requirement for the securing or posting of a bond in connection with such remedy. Section 11.13 Interest Rate Limitation . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if at any time the interest rate applicable to any Loan, together with all fees, charges and other amounts which are treated as interest on such Loan under applicable law (collectively, the Charges ), shall exceed the maximum lawful rate (the Maximum Rate which may be contracted for, charged, taken, received or reserved by the Lender holding such Loan in accordance with applicable Legal Requirements, the rate of interest payable in respect of such Loan hereunder, together with all Charges payable in respect thereof, shall be limited to the Maximum Rate and, to the extent lawful, the interest and Charges that would have been payable in respect of such Loan but were not payable as a result of the operation of this Section 11.13 shall be cumulated and the interest and Charges payable to such Lender in respect of other Loans or periods shall be increased (but not above the Maximum Rate therefor) until such cumulated amount, together with interest thereon at the Federal Funds Effective Rate to the date of repayment (or, if greater, but without duplication, the interest rate otherwise required to be paid under the Loan Documents on such cumulated amount during such period of accumulation), shall have been received by such Lender. Section 11.14 Assignment and Assumption . Each Lender to become a party to this Agreement (other than the Administrative Agent and any other Lender that is a signatory hereto) shall do so by delivering to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption duly executed by such Lender, the Borrower (if the Borrower consent to such assignment is required hereunder) and the Administrative Agent. Section 11.15 Obligations Absolute . To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, all obligations of the Loan Parties hereunder shall be absolute and unconditional irrespective of: (a) any bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, arrangement, readjustment, composition, liquidation or the like of any Loan Party; 
 151 

(b) any lack of validity or enforceability of any Loan Document or any other agreement or instrument relating thereto against any Loan Party; (c) any change in the time, manner or place of payment of, or in any other term of, all or any of the Secured Obligations, or any other amendment or waiver of or any consent to any departure from any Loan Document or any other agreement or instrument relating thereto; (d) any exchange, release or non-perfection or loss of priority of any Liens on any or all of the Collateral, or any release or amendment or waiver of or consent to any departure from any guarantee, for all or any of the Secured Obligations; (e) any exercise or non-exercise, or any waiver of any right, remedy, power or privilege under or in respect hereof or any Loan Document; or (f) any other circumstances which might otherwise constitute a defense (other than the indefeasible payment in full of the Secured Obligations) available to, or a discharge of, the Loan Parties. Section 11.16 Waiver of Defenses; Absence of Fiduciary Duties . (a)- (a) Each of the Loan Parties hereby waives any and all suretyship defenses available to it as a Guarantor arising out of the joint and several nature of its respective duties and obligations hereunder (including any defense contained in Article VII other than any defense of the indefeasible payment in full of the Secured Obligations). (b) Each Arranger, each Agent, each Lender and their Affiliates (collectively, solely for purposes of this paragraph, the Lenders ), may have economic interests that conflict with those of the Loan Parties, their stockholders and/or their affiliates. Each Loan Party agrees that nothing in the Loan Documents or otherwise will be deemed to create an advisory, fiduciary or agency relationship or fiduciary or other implied duty between any Lender, on the one hand, and such Loan Party, its stockholders or its affiliates, on the other. The Loan Parties acknowledge and agree that (i) the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents (including the exercise of rights and remedies hereunder and thereunder) are arm s-length commercial transactions between the Lenders, on the one hand, and the Loan Parties, on the other, and (ii) in connection therewith and with the process leading thereto, (x) no Lender has assumed an advisory or fiduciary responsibility in favor of any Loan Party, its stockholders or its affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby or the exercise of rights or remedies with respect thereto) or the process leading thereto (irrespective of whether any Lender has advised, is currently advising or will advise any Loan Party, its stockholders or its Affiliates on other matters) or any other obligation to any Loan Party except the obligations expressly set forth in the Loan Documents and (y) each Lender is acting solely as principal and not as the agent or fiduciary of any Loan Party, its management, stockholders, creditors or any other person. Each Loan Party acknowledges and agrees that it has consulted its own legal and financial advisors to the extent it deemed appropriate and that it is responsible for making its own independent judgment with respect to such transactions and the process leading thereto. Each Loan Party agrees that it will not claim that any Lender has rendered advisory services of any nature or respect, or owes a fiduciary or similar duty to such Loan Party, in connection with such transaction or the process leading thereto. Section 11.17 Patriot Act . Each Lender hereby notifies each Loan Party that pursuant to the requirements of the Patriot Act, it may be required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Loan Parties, which information includes the name, address and taxpayer identification number of each Loan Party and other information that will allow such Lender to identify such Loan Party in accordance with the Patriot Act. Section 11.18 Judgment Currency . (a) (a) The Loan Parties obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents to make payments in Dollars shall not be discharged or satisfied by any tender or recovery pursuant to any judgment expressed in or converted into any currency other than Dollars, except to the extent that such tender or recovery results in the effective receipt by the Administrative Agent or the respective Lender of the full amount of Dollars expressed to be 
 152 

payable to the Administrative Agent or such Lender under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents. If, for the purpose of obtaining or enforcing judgment against any Loan Party in any court or in any jurisdiction, it becomes necessary to convert into or from any currency other than Dollars (such other currency being hereinafter referred to as the Judgment Currency an amount due in Dollars, the conversion shall be made at the Dollar Equivalent determined as of the Business Day immediately preceding the day on which the judgment is given (such Business Day being hereinafter referred to as the Judgment Currency Conversion Date ). (b) If there is a change in the rate of exchange prevailing between the Judgment Currency Conversion Date and the date of actual payment of the amount due, the Loan Parties shall pay, or cause to be paid, such additional amounts, if any (but in any event not a lesser amount) as may be necessary to ensure that the amount paid in the Judgment Currency, when converted at the rate of exchange prevailing on the date of payment, will produce the amount of Dollars which could have been purchased with the amount of Judgment Currency stipulated in the judgment or judicial award at the rate of exchange prevailing on the Judgment Currency Conversion Date. (c) For purposes of determining the Dollar Equivalent or any other rate of exchange for this Section 11.18, such amounts shall include any premium and costs payable in connection with the purchase of Dollars. Section 11.19 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any EEA Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of an EEA Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by: (a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution; and (b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable: (i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability; (ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; or (iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the write-down and conversion powers of the applicable Resolution Authority. Section 11.20 Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs . To the extent that the Loan Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for Swap Obligations or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support, QFC Credit Support and each such QFC, a Supported QFC ), the parties acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents and any Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York and/or of the United States or any other state of the United States): In the event a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, 
 153 

and any rights in property securing such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate ofa Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Loan Documents were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. Without limitation of the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that rights and remedies of the parties with respect to a Defaulting Lender shall in no event affect the rights of any Covered Party with respect to a Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support. As used in this Section 11.20, the following terms have the following meanings: BHC Act Affiliate of a party shall mean an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party. Covered Entity shall mean any of the following: (i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b); (ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b); or (iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). Default Right shall have the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. QFC shall have the meaning assigned to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D). [Signature Pages Follow] 
 154 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized officers or other authorized signatories as of the day and year first above written. 

INOTIV, INC. , as Borrower By: Name: Title: [ ], as Subsidiary Guarantor By: Name: Title: JEFFERIES FINANCE LLC , as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent By: Name: Title: 
 Exhibit B Amended Compliance Certificate 
 [SIGNATURE PAGE TO CREDIT AGREEMENT] 

EXHIBIT C [Form of] COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE This compliance certificate (this Certificate is delivered to you pursuant to Section 5.01(d) of the Credit Agreement, dated as of November 5, 2021 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), among Inotiv, Inc., an Indiana corporation (the Borrower ), the Subsidiary Guarantors, the Lenders from time to time party thereto, Jefferies Finance LLC, as administrative agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, together with its successors and permitted assigns, the Administrative Agent ), as collateral agent for the Secured Parties, with Jefferies Finance LLC as sole lead arranger and sole bookrunner. 1. I am the duly elected, qualified and acting [ specify type of Financial Officer ] of the Borrower. 2. I have reviewed and am familiar with the contents of this Certificate. 3. Attached hereto as Attachment 1 are the financial statements for the fiscal [quarter][year] ended [ ] (the Financial Statements ). I have no knowledge of the existence, as of the date of this Certificate, of any condition or event which constitutes a Default or Event of Default[, except as set forth below]. 4. Attached hereto as Attachment 2 are the computations showing the Borrower s calculations of the First Lien Leverage Ratio, the Secured Leverage Ratio, the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio and Consolidated Total Assets. 5. . Attached hereto as Attachment 3 are the computations showing the Borrower s calculation of Excess Cash Flow. ] 1 6. . [I confirm that there have been no changes to Schedule 3.07(c) of the Credit Agreement.][Attached hereto as Attachment 4 is an accurate and complete organization chart showing the ownership structure of the Companies as of the last day of the fiscal quarter ended [ ] .]] 2 7. [I confirm that there have been no changes to Attachment 5 of the most recently delivered Certificate.] [Attached hereto as Attachment 5 is an accurate and complete list of all Material Foreign Subsidiaries (and their respective jurisdictions of organization) as of the last day of the fiscal quarter ended [ ] .] In addition, I hereby certify, as a Responsible Officer of the Borrower (solely in my capacity as a Responsible Officer of the Borrower and not in my individual capacity), to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and each of the Lenders that on and as of the date hereof each of the representations and warranties made by the Loan Parties set forth in Article III of the Credit Agreement or in any other Loan Document are true and correct in all material respects provided that any representation and warranty that is qualified by materiality, material adverse effect or similar language is true and correct in all respects (after giving effect to any such qualification therein)) on the date hereof with the same effect as though made on and as of such date, except to the extent such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier 
 1 To be inserted only in connection with the delivery of annual financial statements pursuant to Section 5.01(a) of the Credit Agreement, commencing with the delivery of the financial statements for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021. 2 To be inserted only in connection with the delivery of quarterly financial statements pursuant to Section 5.01(b) of the Credit Agreement. 
 C- 1 

date (in which case such representations and warranties were true and correct in all material respects (or if any such representation and warranty is qualified by materiality, material adverse effect or similar language, was true and correct in all respects (after giving effect to any such qualification therein)) on and as of such earlier date). IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I execute this Certificate, in my capacity as an officer of the Borrower and not in my individual capacity, this day of , 20 . INOTIV, INC. By: Name: Title: [Financial Officer] 
 
 C- 2 

ATTACHMENT 1 TO COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE Financial Statements The information described herein is as of [ ] , and pertains to [the fiscal [quarter][year] ended [ ] . 
 C- 3 

ATTACHMENT 2 TO COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 1. First Lien Leverage Ratio : (1)(i) to (1)(ii) = (i) Consolidated First Lien Indebtedness : shall mean, as of any date of [ ,, ] determination, without duplication, the aggregate amount of Consolidated Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries that, as of such date, is secured by a first priority Lien on any asset or property of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries. (1) Consolidated Indebtedness : 3 at any date, without duplication, the [ ,, ] aggregate outstanding principal amount, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, with respect to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (but excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any Bank Product Obligations (other than any overdrafts incurred in respect of the following) and Swap Obligations), of: (a) all obligations for borrowed money or advances (including [___ , ___ , ___] unreimbursed amounts outstanding under letters of credit and any Convertible Indebtedness) (but only in respect of the principal amount thereof) (b) all obligations evidenced by loan agreements, bonds, debentures, notes [___ , ___ , ___] or similar instruments (but only in respect of the principal amount thereof and excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, surety bonds) (c) all obligations of such person issued or assumed as part of the deferred [___ , ___ , ___] purchase price of Property or services (excluding (w) trade accounts payable and accrued obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business on normal trade terms, (x) deferred rent obligations, (y) customary obligations under employment arrangements and (z) purchase price adjustments or Earn-Outs that have not yet become liabilities on the balance sheet of such person in accordance with GAAP); provided that, in the case of purchase price adjustments or Earn-Outs, solely to the extent due and payable (d) all Capital Lease Obligations, Purchase Money Obligations and Off- [___ , ___ , ___] Balance Sheet Obligations of such person (e) all obligations of such person for the reimbursement of any obligor in [___ , ___ , ___] respect of letters of credit (but only to the extent of drawn but unreimbursed amounts thereunder), letters of guaranty, bankers acceptances and similar credit transactions (in each case, but only in respect of the drawn amount thereof) 
 3 The Consolidated Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (calculated as set forth herein) shall include the Consolidated Indebtedness of any other entity (calculated on the same basis) (including any partnership in which such person is a general partner) to the extent the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries is liable therefor as a result of such person s ownership interest in or other relationship with such entity, except (other than in the case of general partner liability) to the extent that terms of such Indebtedness expressly provide that such person is not liable therefor; provided that Indebtedness shall not include accrued expenses, deferred revenue, deferred rent, deferred taxes and deferred compensation and customary obligations under employment arrangements. 
 C- 4 

(f) all Contingent Obligations in respect of Indebtedness or obligations of [___ , ___ , ___] others of the kinds referred to in clauses (1)(a) through (1)(e) above minus (2) Unrestricted Cash and Cash Equivalents of the Borrower and its [___ , ___ , ___] Subsidiaries that are Domestic Subsidiaries in favor of the Collateral Agent in an aggregate amount not to exceed 35,000,000. (ii) Consolidated EBITDA for the Test Period : [ ,, ] (1) Consolidated Net Income, shall mean, for any period, the consolidated [___ , ___ , ___] net income (or loss) of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such period determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP; provided that there shall be excluded from such net income (to the extent otherwise included therein), without duplication: A. the net income (or loss) of any person (other than a Subsidiary of the [___ , ___ , ___] Borrower) in which any person other than the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries has an ownership interest, except to the extent that cash in an amount equal to any such income has actually been received by the Borrower or (subject to clause B. below) any of its Subsidiaries during such period; B. the net income of any Subsidiary of the Borrower during such period [___ , ___ , ___] to the extent that (A) the declaration or payment of dividends or similar distributions by such Subsidiary of that income is not permitted by operation of the terms of its Organizational Documents or any agreement (other than the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document), instrument, Order or other Legal Requirement applicable to that Subsidiary or its equity holders during such period (unless such restriction or limitation has been effectively waived), except that the Borrower s equity in net loss of any such Subsidiary for such period shall be included in determining Consolidated Net Income, or (B) such net income, if dividended or distributed to the equity holders of such Subsidiary in accordance with the terms of its Organizational Documents, would be received by any Person other than a Loan Party; C. any gain (or loss), together with any related provisions for taxes on [___ , ___ , ___] any such gain (or the tax effect of any such loss), realized during such period by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries upon any Disposition of assets by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries; D. gains and losses due solely to (i) exchange, translation or performance [___ , ___ , ___] gains or losses relating to foreign currency transactions, fluctuations in currency values and the related tax effects determined in accordance with GAAP for such period and (ii) the cumulative effect of any change in accounting principles; E. (x) non-cash gains and losses resulting from any reappraisal, [___ , ___ , ___] revaluation, write-down or write-up of assets (including intangible assets, goodwill and deferred financing costs) (including pursuant to the application of ASC 350 and ASC 360) and (y) cash and non-cash income, earnings, charges, expenses, gains and losses resulting from the application of ASC 805 with respect to Earn-Outs incurred by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with any Permitted Acquisition; F. any net unrealized gains or losses from Hedging Agreements or [___ , ___ , ___] embedded derivatives that require similar accounting treatment and the application of Accounting 
 C- 5 

Standard Codification Topic 815 and related pronouncements for such period; G. all deferred financing costs written off and premiums paid or other [___ , ___ , ___] expenses incurred directly in connection with any early extinguishment of Indebtedness and any net gain (or loss) from any write-off or forgiveness of Indebtedness; H. any extraordinary (as determined in accordance with GAAP) or [___ , ___ , ___] nonrecurring gain, loss, income and expense, together with any related provision for taxes on any such gain (or the tax effect of any such loss), recorded or recognized by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries during such period; provided that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, with respect to any extraordinary or non-recurring gain (or loss, expense or charge) that is also described or referenced in the definition of Consolidated EBITDA , such extraordinary or non-recurring gain (or loss, expense or charge) shall instead be subtracted from (and/or added back to) Consolidated Net Income in the calculation of Consolidated EBITDA in accordance with the definition of such term set forth in the Credit Agreement; provided that the aggregate amount of extraordinary or nonrecurring losses and expenses excluded from Consolidated Net Income pursuant to this clause H. in any period of four consecutive fiscal quarters, together with the aggregate amount increasing Consolidated EBITDA pursuant to clause E. of the definition thereof and the definition of Pro Forma Basis for such period, shall not exceed 25 of Consolidated EBITDA prior to giving effect to such add-backs and adjustments for such period; I. any (i) non-cash compensation charge or expense arising from any [___ , ___ , ___] grant of stock, stock options or other equity based awards and any non-cash deemed finance charges in respect of any pension liabilities or other provisions or on the re-valuation of any benefit plan obligation and (ii) income (loss) attributable to deferred compensation plans or trusts; J. the cumulative effect of a change in accounting principles; [___ , ___ , ___] K. any purchase accounting effects including adjustments to inventory, [___ , ___ , ___] property and equipment, software and other intangible assets and deferred revenue in component amounts required or permitted by GAAP and related authoritative pronouncements (including the effects of such adjustments pushed down to the Borrower and the Subsidiaries), as a result of any consummated acquisition, or the amortization or write-off of any amounts thereof (including any write off of in process research and development); and L. accruals and reserves that are established within twelve (12) months [___ , ___ , ___] after the Closing Date that are so required to be established as a result of the Transactions in accordance with GAAP. For purposes of the definition of Consolidated Net Income, (w) nonrecurring shall mean any gain or loss as of any date that (i) did not occur in the ordinary course of the Borrower s or its Subsidiaries business and (ii) is of a nature and type that has not occurred in the prior twenty-four month period and is not reasonably expected to occur in the future, (x) ASC 805 shall mean the Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification 805 (Business Combinations), issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board in December 2007, (y) ASC 350 shall mean the Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification 350 (Intangibles, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets), issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board in June 2001 and (z) ASC 360 shall mean the Financial 
 C- 6 

Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification 360 (Property , Plant and Equipment). Plus (2) without duplication, in each case, only to the extent deducted in [___ , ___ , ___] determining Consolidated Net Income and not added back pursuant to the definition of Consolidated Net Income, and provided that to the extent the ability to add back any item is capped or otherwise limited pursuant to one clause of the definition of Consolidated EBITDA , no other clause therein shall operate to permit an amount in excess of such cap or limitation to be added back: A. Consolidated Interest Expense, which shall mean, for any period, the [ ,, ] total consolidated interest expense of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such period determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP plus , without duplication: a. imputed interest on Capital Lease Obligations of the Borrower and [___ , ___ , ___] its Subsidiaries for such period; 
 C- 7 

b. commissions, discounts and other fees and charges owed by the [___ , ___ , ___] Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries with respect to letters of credit securing financial obligations, bankers acceptance financing and receivables financings for such period; c. amortization of Debt Issuance costs, debt discount or prepayment [___ , ___ , ___] or other premiums and other financing fees and expenses incurred by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries for such period; d. cash contributions to any employee stock ownership plan or [___ , ___ , ___] similar trust made by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries to the extent such contributions are used by such plan or trust to pay interest or fees to any person (other than the Borrower or a Wholly Owned Subsidiary which is a Subsidiary) in connection with Indebtedness incurred by such plan or trust for such period; e. all interest paid or payable with respect to discontinued operations [___ , ___ , ___] of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries for such period; f. the interest portion of any deferred payment obligations of the [___ , ___ , ___] Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries for such period; and g. all interest on any Indebtedness of the Borrower or any of its [___ , ___ , ___] Subsidiaries of the type described in clause (e) or (j) of the definition of Indebtedness for such period; provided that (a) to the extent directly and exclusively related to the consummation of the Transactions, Debt Issuance costs, debt discount or premium and other financing fees and expenses shall be excluded from the calculation of Consolidated Interest Expense and (b) Consolidated Interest Expense shall be calculated after giving effect to Hedging Agreements (including associated costs) intended to protect against fluctuations in interest rates, but excluding unrealized gains and losses with respect to any such Hedging Agreements. For the purposes of determining the Consolidated Interest Expense, for any period, such determination shall be made on a Pro Forma Basis to give effect to any Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness incurred for ordinary course working capital needs under ordinary course revolving credit facilities) incurred, assumed or permanently repaid or prepaid or extinguished at any time on or after the first day of the Test Period and prior to the date of determination in connection with any Permitted Acquisition, Asset Sale or other Disposition (other than any Dispositions in the ordinary course of business), and discontinued lines of business or operations as if such incurrence, assumption, repayment or extinguishing had been effected on the first day of such period. B. Consolidated Amortization Expense : which shall mean, for any [ period, the amortization expense of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such period, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP (including accelerated amortization from the write-off or write-down of tangible or intangible assets (other than the write-down of current assets) including capitalized software and organizational costs). C. Consolidated Depreciation Expense : which shall mean, for any [ ,, ] period, the depreciation expense of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such period, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP (including accelerated depreciation from the write-off or write-down of tangible or intangible assets (other than the write-down of 
 C- 8 

current assets) including capitalized software and organizational costs). D. Consolidated Tax Expense : which shall mean, for any period, the tax [ ,, ] expense of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, for such period, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP and net of any applicable credits or reimbursements received by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries during such period (to the extent such credit or reimbursement (as applicable) is otherwise included in the calculation of Consolidated Net Income or Consolidated EBITDA (as applicable)). E. (1) the amount of cost savings, operating expense reductions, other [___ , ___ , ___] operating improvements and initiatives and synergies incurred, in each case, in connection with the applicable Transaction or another Subject Transaction and which are projected by Borrower in good faith to be reasonably anticipated to be realized from actions taken or with respect to which substantial steps have been taken within eighteen (18) months of the date of the Transactions or the applicable Subject Transaction (which will be added to Consolidated EBITDA as so projected until fully realized and calculated on a Pro Forma Basis as though such cost savings, operating expense reductions, other operating improvements and initiatives and synergies had been realized on the first day of such period) net of the amount of actual benefits realized during such period from such actions; provided that all steps have been taken or with respect to which substantial steps have been taken for realizing such cost savings and such cost savings are reasonably identifiable and factually supportable (in the good faith determination of the Borrower and certified by a Financial Officer of the Borrower); and (2) the amount of any restructuring charge, reserve, integration cost, new product start-up cost or other business optimization expense or cost (including charges directly related to implementation of cost-savings initiatives), that is deducted (and not added back) in such period in computing Consolidated Net Income including, without limitation, those related to severance, retention, signing bonuses, relocation, litigation transition costs and expenses, recruiting and other similar employee related costs, future lease commitments, lease breakage and costs related to the opening and closure and/or consolidation of facilities or offices and to exiting lines of business; provided that the aggregate amount pursuant to this clause E. or the definition of Pro Forma Basis in any period of four consecutive fiscal quarters, together with the aggregate amount of extraordinary or nonrecurring losses and expenses excluded from Consolidated Net Income pursuant to clause H. of the definition thereof for such period, shall not exceed 25 of Consolidated EBITDA prior to giving effect to such add-backs and adjustments for such period; provided , further, that (x) such 25 limitation will not apply to the extent the adjustments in this clause E. are determined on a basis consistent with Article 11 of Regulation S-X promulgated under the Exchange Act and as interpreted by the staff of the Securities and Exchange Commission (or any successor agency) and (y) amounts added back or adjusted pursuant to this clause E. shall be without duplication of (and shall not be in addition to) any amounts added back or adjusted pursuant to the definition of Pro Forma Basis set forth in the Credit Agreement; F. [reserved]; G. out-of-pocket fees, costs and expenses (including legal, tax, [___ , ___ , ___] structuring and other similar costs and expenses) payable to third parties in connection with (except as provided below) any Investment, acquisition (including costs and expenses in connection with the de listing of public targets and compliance with public company requirements), disposition (including, without limitation, a sale of (1) the equity of the Borrower (or its direct or indirect parent) and its Subsidiaries or (2) substantially all of 
 C- 9 

the assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries), recapitalization, Dividend, Equity Issuance, consolidation, restructurings, or the incurrence, registration (actual or proposed), repayments or amendments of Indebtedness (including, without limitation, letter of credit fees and, in connection with any refinancing of such Indebtedness, unamortized fees, costs and expenses paid in cash in connection with repayment of Indebtedness) (in each case, whether or not consummated or successful), including, without limitation, (t) deferred commission or similar payments paid in cash in connection with any transaction not prohibited by the Credit Agreement, (u) any breakage costs incurred in connection with the termination of any Hedging Agreement as a result of the prepayment of Indebtedness, (v) such out-of-pocket fees, costs or expenses related to the execution, delivery, maintenance and closing of any Loans or any Permitted Refinancing and the Credit Agreement and (w) any amendment, waiver or other modification of Loans or any Permitted Refinancing, any Loan Document, any other Indebtedness or any Equity Interests, in each case, whether or not consummated, deducted (and not added back) in computing Consolidated Net Income; H. [reserved]; I. (A) non-cash costs and expenses relating to any equity-based [___ , ___ , ___] compensation or equity-based incentive plan or any other management or employee benefit plan or agreement or any stock subscription or shareholder agreement, in each case, of the Borrower or any Subsidiary for such period and (B) any cash costs or expenses relating to any equity-based compensation or equity-based incentive plan or any other management or employee benefit plan or agreement or any stock subscription or shareholder agreement in each case, of the Borrower or any Subsidiary for such period, to the extent that such costs or expenses are funded with net cash proceeds from the issuance of Equity Interests of, or a contribution to the capital of, the Borrower as cash common equity and/or Qualified Stock and which are in turn contributed to the Borrower as cash common equity; J. cash expenses of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries incurred during [___ , ___ , ___] such period to the extent (x) deducted in determining Consolidated Net Income and (y) reimbursed in cash by any person (other than any of the Borrower, the Companies or any of their Subsidiaries or any owners, directly or indirectly, of Equity Interests, respectively, therein) during such period (or reasonably expected to be so reimbursed within 365 days of the end of such period to the extent not accrued) pursuant to an indemnity or guaranty or any other reimbursement agreement in favor of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries to the extent such reimbursement has not been accrued provided that, (A) if not so reimbursed or received by the Borrower or such Subsidiary within such 365 day period, such expenses or losses shall be subtracted in the subsequent calculation period or (B) if reimbursed or received by the Borrower or such Subsidiary in a subsequent period, such amount shall not be permitted to be added back in determining Consolidated EBITDA for such subsequent period); K. (x) the aggregate amount of all other non-cash items, write-downs, [___ , ___ , ___] non-cash expenses, or non-cash losses (including, to the extent not taken into account when calculating Consolidated EBITDA, (i) purchase accounting adjustments under ASC 805 and (ii) deferred revenue which would reasonably have been included in determining Consolidated Net Income for such period, but for the application of purchase accounting rules) otherwise reducing Consolidated Net Income (other than with respect to the preceding clause (ii)) and excluding any such non-cash items, write-downs, expenses, or losses that are reasonably expected to result in, or require pursuant to GAAP, an accrual 
 C- 10 

of a reserve for cash charge, costs and/or expenses in any future period, (y) net non-cash exchange, translation or performance losses relating to foreign currency transactions and currency fluctuations and (z) cash charges resulting from the application of ASC 805 (including with respect to Earn-Outs incurred by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with any Permitted Acquisition); L. costs and expenses related to the administration of the Credit [___ , ___ , ___] Agreement and the other Loan Documents and paid or reimbursed by or on behalf of any of the Loan Parties to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any of the Lenders or other third parties paid or engaged by the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any of the Lenders or paid by any of the Loan Parties; M. the unamortized fees, costs and expenses paid in cash in connection [___ , ___ , ___] with the repayment of Indebtedness to persons that are not Affiliates of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries; N. the aggregate amount of expenses or losses incurred by the Borrower [___ , ___ , ___] or any Subsidiary relating to business interruption to the extent covered by insurance and (x) actually reimbursed or otherwise paid to the Borrower or such Subsidiary or (y) so long as such amount for any calculation period is reasonably expected to be received by the Borrower or such Subsidiary in a subsequent calculation period and within one year of the date of the underlying loss and, in each case, the amount of such increase is not otherwise included in Consolidated Net Income for such period provided that, (A) if not so reimbursed or received by the Borrower or such Subsidiary within such one-year period, such expenses or losses shall be subtracted in the subsequent calculation period or (B) if reimbursed or received by the Borrower or such Subsidiary in a subsequent period, such amount shall not be permitted to be added back in determining Consolidated EBITDA for such subsequent period); O. any net loss included in Consolidated Net Income attributable to non- [___ , ___ , ___] controlling interests pursuant to the application of Accounting Standards Codification Topic 810-10-45 Topic 810 P. the amount of any minority interest expense of the Borrower or any [___ , ___ , ___] of its Subsidiaries consisting of Subsidiary income attributable to minority equity interests of third parties in any non-wholly owned Subsidiary deducted in calculating Consolidated Net Income (and not added back in such period to Consolidated Net Income), but only to the extent income attributable to such non-wholly owned Subsidiary would be permitted to be included in Consolidated Net Income; Q. losses, charges and expenses attributable to Asset Sales or other [___ , ___ , ___] dispositions or the sale or other disposition of any Equity Interests of any Person other than in the ordinary course of business; R. payments to employees, directors or officers of the Borrower and its [___ , ___ , ___] Subsidiaries paid in connection with Dividends that are otherwise permitted hereunder to the extent such payments are not made in lieu of, or as a substitution for, ordinary salary, ordinary fees or ordinary payroll payments; S. the difference between rental payments actually paid in cash and [___ , ___ , ___] deferred rental expense deducted in determining consolidated net income; T. the difference between commissions actually paid in cash and [___ , ___ , ___] commission 
 C- 11 

expense deducted in determining consolidated net income; U. the difference between initiation fees actually received in cash and the [___ , ___ , ___] amount included in determining consolidated net income; V. the difference between paid-in-full dues actually received in cash and [___ , ___ , ___] the amount included in determining consolidated net income; and (z) subtracting therefrom the aggregate amount of, without duplication [___ , ___ , ___] and solely to the extent added to Consolidated Net Income, (A) all non-cash items increasing Consolidated Net Income (other than the accrual of revenue or recording of receivables in the ordinary course of business and any non-cash gains with respect to cash actually received in a prior period so long as such cash was not included in Consolidated EBITDA in such prior period pursuant to sub-clauses S. through V. above), (B) all gains (whether cash or non-cash) resulting from the early termination or extinguishment of Indebtedness, (C) net realized gains from Hedging Agreements or embedded derivatives that require similar accounting treatment and the application of Accounting Standard Codification Topic 815 and related pronouncements, (D) the amount of any minority interest income consisting of Subsidiary loss attributable to minority equity interests of third parties in any non-wholly owned Subsidiary added to Consolidated Net Income (and not deducted in such period from Consolidated Net Income), (E) any net income included in Consolidated Net Income attributable to non-controlling interests pursuant to the application of Topic 810, (F) any amounts added to Consolidated EBITDA pursuant to sub clause J. above in the prior calculation period with respect to expected reimbursements to the extent such reimbursements are not received within such 365 day period following such prior calculation period and (G) the aggregate amount of all other non-cash gains resulting from purchase price accounting adjustments. provided that Consolidated EBITDA for the fiscal quarters ended September 30, 2020, December 31, 2020, March 31, 2021 and June 30, 2021 shall be deemed to be 11,199,000, 13,857,000, 12,858,000 and 13,218,000, respectively, in each case, as adjusted on a Pro Forma Basis, as applicable; it being agreed that for purposes of calculating any financial ratio or test on a Pro Forma Basis (after the end of any of the four quarterly periods set forth above) in connection with a Subject Transaction, Consolidated EBITDA shall be calculated in a manner consistent with Consolidated EBITDA for such quarterly period and the adjustments set forth above in this definition. Other than for purposes of calculating Excess Cash Flow, Consolidated EBITDA shall be calculated on a Pro Forma Basis to give effect to any Subject Transaction, and for the purposes of calculating Excess Cash Flow, the pro forma adjustments set forth in the preceding clause E. shall not be taken into account in the calculation of Consolidated EBITDA. Other than for purposes of calculating Excess Cash Flow, Consolidated EBITDA shall be calculated on a Pro Forma Basis to give effect to any Subject Transaction, and for the purposes of calculating Excess Cash Flow, the pro forma adjustments set forth in the preceding clause E. shall not be taken into account in the calculation of Consolidated EBITDA. 2. Secured Leverage Ratio : (2)(i) to (2)(ii) = [ : ] (i) Consolidated Secured Indebtedness : shall mean, as of any date of [ ,, ] determination, without duplication, the aggregate amount of Consolidated Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries that, as of such date, is secured by a Lien on any asset or property of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries: (1) Consolidated Indebtedness : (see clause 1(i)(1) herein) [ ,, ] 
 C- 12 

minus (2) Unrestricted Cash and Cash Equivalents of the Borrower and its [___ , ___ , ___] Subsidiaries that are Domestic Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount not to exceed 35,000,000. (ii) Consolidated EBITDA for the Test Period : (see clause (1)(ii) herein) [ ,, ] 
 
 3. Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio : (3)(i) to (3)(ii) = [:]
 
 (1) (1) Consolidated EBITDA for the Test Period (see clause 1(i)(1) herein), [ ,, ] 
 
 minus (2) Capital Expenditures other than Capital Expenditures made in cash in [___ , ___ , ___] such period that are financed with cash proceeds of (A) Delayed Draw Term Loans or (B) Equity Issuances (other than Permitted Cure Securities), plus (3) The aggregate amount of Unrestricted Cash and Cash Equivalents in [___ , ___ , ___] excess of 35,000,000. (ii) The sum of (1)+(2)+(3)+(4) below: [ ,, ] (1) Consolidated Interest Expense (see clause 1(ii)(2)(a) herein) paid in [ ,, ] cash for such period; (2) Scheduled amortization payments of Indebtedness that have been made [___ , ___ , ___] or required to have been made during such period pursuant to the Credit Agreement (including scheduled principal payments in respect of the Term Loans and scheduled reductions of the Revolving Commitments to the extent accompanied by a reduction in the amount of Revolving Exposure, but excluding any mandatory prepayments pursuant to Section 2.10(c), Section 2.10(e), Section 2.10(f) and Section 2.10(g) of the Credit Agreement); (3) Taxes based on income paid in cash in such period; [___ , ___ , ___] (4) Without duplication of the foregoing, payments made during such Test [___ , ___ , ___] Period on account of principal of Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries. 4. Consolidated Total Assets: the net book value of all assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP: [___ , ___ , ___] 
 C- 13 

ATTACHMENT 4 TO COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 4 [ Set forth calculation of Excess Cash Flow ] TO COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 5 [ Set forth Organization Chart ] TO COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE [ Set forth list of Material Foreign Subsidiaries (and their respective jurisdiction )] 
 4 To be inserted only in connection with the delivery of annual financial statements pursuant to Section 5.01(a) of the Credit Agreement. 5 To be inserted only in connection with the delivery of quarterly financial statements pursuant to Section 5.01(b) of the Credit Agreement. 
 C- 14 

Exhibit C Amended Term Loan Amortization Table Date 

 Term Loan Amount 

 March 31, 2023 

 690,937.50 

 June 30, 2023 

 690,937.50 

 September 30, 2023 

 690,937.50 

 December 31, 2023 

 690,937.50 

 March 31, 2024 

 690,937.50 

 June 30, 2024 

 690,937.50 

 September 30, 2024 

 690,937.50 

 December 31, 2024 

 690,937.50 

 March 31, 2025 

 690,937.50 

 June 30, 2025 

 690,937.50 

 September 30, 2025 

 690,937.50 

 December 31, 2025 

 690,937.50 

 March 31, 2026 

 690,937.50 

 June 30, 2026 

 690,937.50 

 September 30, 2026 

 690,937.50 

 November 5, 2026 

 Remaining balance 

Exhibit D Amended Security Agreement 

Execution Version SECURITY AGREEMENT among INOTIV, INC., as Borrower, THE GUARANTORS PARTY HERETO and JEFFERIES FINANCE LLC, as Collateral Agent Dated as of November 5, 2021 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page(s) ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION 1 SECTION 1.1 Definitions. 1 SECTION 1.2 Interpretation 9 SECTION 1.3 Resolution of Drafting Ambiguities 9 SECTION 1.4 Perfection Certificate 9 ARTICLE II GRANT OF SECURITY AND SECURED OBLIGATIONS 9 SECTION 2.1 Grant of Security Interest 9 SECTION 2.2 Filings. 10 ARTICLE III PERFECTION; SUPPLEMENTS; FURTHER ASSURANCES; USE OF PLEDGED COLLATERAL 11 SECTION 3.1 Delivery of Certificated Securities Collateral 11 SECTION 3.2 Perfection of Uncertificated Securities Collateral 11 SECTION 3.3 Financing Statements and Other Filings; Maintenance of Perfected Security Interest 12 SECTION 3.4 Other Actions 4 4 13 SECTION 3.5 Joinder of Additional Guarantors 16 SECTION 3.6 Supplements; Further Assurances 18 17 ARTICLE IV REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS 17 SECTION 4.1 Title 17 SECTION 4.2 Validity of Security Interest 19 18 SECTION 4.3 Defense of Claims; Transferability of Pledged Collateral 18 SECTION 4.4 Other Financing Statements 20 18 SECTION 4.5 Chief Executive Office; Change of Name; Jurisdiction of Organization, etc. 20 19 SECTION 4.6 Location of Inventory and Equipment 19 SECTION 4.7 Corporate Names; Prior Transactions 21 19 SECTION 4.8 Due Authorization and Issuance 21 20 SECTION 4.9 Consents, etc. 21 20 SECTION 4.10 Pledged Collateral 20 SECTION 4.11 Insurance 20 SECTION 4.12 Payment of Taxes; Compliance with Legal Requirements; Contesting Liens; Charges 22 20 SECTION 4.13 Access to Pledged Collateral, Books and Records; Other Information 22 20 ARTICLE V CERTAIN PROVISIONS CONCERNING SECURITIES COLLATERAL 23 21 SECTION 5.1 Pledge of Additional Securities Collateral 23 21 SECTION 5.2 Voting Rights; Distributions; etc. 23 21 SECTION 5.3 Organizational Documents 24 23 SECTION 5.4 Default 23 
 
 i 

SECTION 5.5 Certain Agreements of Pledgors as Issuers and Holders of Equity Interests 25 23 ARTICLE VI CERTAIN PROVISIONS CONCERNING INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 25 23 SECTION 6.1 Grant of License 25 23 SECTION 6.2 Scheduled Intellectual Property 24 SECTION 6.3 No Violations or Proceedings 26 24 SECTION 6.4 Protection of Collateral Agent s Security 26 24 SECTION 6.5 After-Acquired Property 27 25 SECTION 6.6 Litigation 28 26 SECTION 6.7 Intent-to-Use Trademark and Service Mark Applications 28 26 ARTICLE VII CERTAIN PROVISIONS CONCERNING ACCOUNTS 29 27 SECTION 7.1 Special Representation and Warranties 29 27 SECTION 7.2 Maintenance of Records 29 27 SECTION 7.3 Legend 29 27 SECTION 7.4 Modification of Terms, etc. 29 27 SECTION 7.5 Collection 30 27 ARTICLE VIII REMEDIES 30 28 SECTION 8.1 Remedies 30 28 SECTION 8.2 Notice of Sale 32 29 SECTION 8.3 Waiver of Notice and Claims; Other Waivers; Marshalling 32 29 SECTION 8.4 Standards for Exercising Rights and Remedies 32 30 SECTION 8.5 Certain Sales of Pledged Collateral 33 31 SECTION 8.6 No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies 34 31 SECTION 8.7 Certain Additional Actions Regarding Intellectual Property 34 32 ARTICLE IX APPLICATION OF PROCEEDS 35 32 SECTION 9.1 Application of Proceeds 35 32 SECTION 9.2 Proceeds of Casualty Events and Collateral Dispositions 35 32 ARTICLE X MISCELLANEOUS 35 32 SECTION 10.1 Concerning Collateral Agent 35 32 SECTION 10.2 Collateral Agent May Perform; Collateral Agent Appointed Attorney-in-Fact 36 33 SECTION 10.3 Continuing Security Interest; Assignment 36 34 SECTION 10.4 Termination; Release 37 34 SECTION 10.5 Modification in Writing 37 34 SECTION 10.6 Notices 37 35 SECTION 10.7 Governing Law, Consent to Jurisdiction and Service of Process; Waiver of Jury Trial 38 35 SECTION 10.8 Severability of Provisions 39 36 SECTION 10.9 Execution in Counterparts 39 36 SECTION 10.10 Business Days 39 36 SECTION 10.11 No Credit for Payment of Taxes or Imposition 39 36 
 
 ii 

SECTION 10.12 No Claims Against Collateral Agent 39 36 SECTION 10.13 No Release 40 37 SECTION 10.14 Overdue Amounts 40 37 SECTION 10.15 Obligations Absolute 40 37 

SCHEDULES Schedule 1 Perfection Steps Schedule 2 Stock Ownership and Other Equity Interests Schedule 3 Instruments and Tangible Chattel Paper Schedule 4 Deposit Accounts Schedule 5 Securities Accounts and Commodity Accounts Schedule 6 Commercial Tort Claims Schedule 7 Termination Statements Schedule 8 Intellectual Property Schedule 9 Filings/Filing Offices EXHIBITS Exhibit 1 Form of Issuer s Acknowledgment Exhibit 2 Form of Securities Pledge Amendment Exhibit 3 Form of Joinder Agreement Exhibit 4 Form of Copyright Security Agreement Exhibit 5 Form of Patent Security Agreement Exhibit 6 Form of Trademark Security Agreement 
 
 iii 

SECURITY AGREEMENT This SECURITY AGREEMENT, dated as of November 5, 2021, (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the provisions hereof, this Agreement ), is made by Inotiv, Inc., an Indiana corporation (the Borrower and the subsidiary guarantors from time to time party hereto (the Guarantors , and together with the Borrower, the Pledgors, and each, a Pledgor in favor of Jefferies Finance LLC Jefferies ), in its capacity as collateral agent pursuant to the Credit Agreement (as defined below) (in such capacities and together with any successors in such capacities, the Collateral Agent ). RECITALS: A. In connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Borrower, the Guarantors and the Collateral Agent have entered into that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of November 5, 2021 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement among the lending institutions and other entities party thereto from time to time (the Lenders Jefferies, as administrative agent for the Lenders, as sole lead arranger and bookrunner and the other parties party thereto. B. WHEREAS, in consideration of the extensions of credit and other accommodations of Lenders as set forth in the Credit Agreement, each Pledgor has agreed to secure the Obligations under the Loan Documents as set forth herein. C. Each Guarantor has, pursuant to the Credit Agreement, unconditionally guaranteed the Secured Obligations. D. The Borrower and each Guarantor will receive substantial benefits from the execution, delivery and performance of the Secured Obligations under the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents, the Specified Hedging Agreements and any Bank Product Agreement and each is, therefore, willing to enter into this Agreement. E. Each Pledgor is, or as to Pledged Collateral acquired by such Pledgor after the date hereof will be, the legal and/or beneficial owner of the Pledged Collateral pledged by it hereunder. F. This Agreement is given by each Pledgor in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties to secure the payment and performance of all of the Secured Obligations. G. It is a condition to the obligations of the Lenders to make the Loans under the Credit Agreement that each Pledgor executes and delivers the applicable Loan Documents, including this Agreement. AGREEMENT: NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing premises and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, each Pledgor and the Collateral Agent hereby agree as follows: ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION SECTION 1.1 Definitions. (a) Unless otherwise defined herein or in the Credit Agreement, capitalized terms used herein that are defined in the UCC shall have the meanings assigned to them in the UCC. 
 1 

(b) Terms used but not otherwise defined herein that are defined in the Credit Agreement shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. (c) The following terms shall have the following meanings: Additional Pledged Interests shall mean, collectively, with respect to each Pledgor, (i) all options, warrants, rights, agreements, additional membership, partnership or other Equity Interests of whatever class of any issuer of Initial Pledged Interests or any interest in any such issuer, together with all rights, privileges, authority and powers of such Pledgor relating to such interests in each such issuer or under any Organizational Document of any such issuer, and the certificates, instruments and agreements representing such membership, partnership or other Equity Interests and any and all interest of such Pledgor in the entries on the books of any financial intermediary pertaining to such membership, partnership or other Equity Interests from time to time acquired by such Pledgor in any manner and (ii) all membership, partnership or other Equity Interests, as applicable, of each limited liability company, partnership or other entity (other than a corporation) hereafter acquired or formed by such Pledgor and all options, warrants, rights, agreements, additional membership, partnership or other Equity Interests of whatever class of such limited liability company, partnership or other entity, together with all rights, privileges, authority and powers of such Pledgor relating to such interests or under any Organizational Document of any such issuer, and the certificates, instruments and agreements representing such membership, partnership or other Equity Interests and any and all interest of such Pledgor in the entries on the books of any financial intermediary pertaining to such membership, partnership or other interests, from time to time acquired by such Pledgor in any manner. Additional Pledged Shares shall mean, collectively, with respect to each Pledgor, (i) all options, warrants, rights, Equity Interests, agreements, additional shares of capital stock of whatever class of any issuer of the Initial Pledged Shares or any other equity interest in any such issuer, together with all rights, privileges, authority and powers of such Pledgor relating to such interests issued by any such issuer under any Organizational Document of any such issuer, and the certificates, instruments and agreements representing such interests and any and all interest of such Pledgor in the entries on the books of any financial intermediary pertaining to such interests, from time to time acquired by such Pledgor in any manner and (ii) all the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of each corporation hereafter acquired or formed by such Pledgor and all options, warrants, rights, agreements or additional shares of capital stock of whatever class of such corporation, together with all rights, privileges, authority and powers of such Pledgor relating to such shares or under any Organizational Document of such corporation, and the certificates, instruments and agreements representing such shares and any and all interest of such Pledgor in the entries on the books of any financial intermediary pertaining to such shares, from time to time acquired by such Pledgor in any manner. Agreement shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble. Borrower shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble. Charges shall mean any and all property and other taxes, assessments and special assessments, levies, fees and all governmental charges imposed upon or assessed against, and all claims (including any landlords , carriers , mechanics , workmen s, repairmen s, laborers , materialmen s, suppliers and warehousemen s Liens and other charges arising by operation of law) against, all or any portion of the Pledged Collateral. Collateral Account shall mean a collateral account or sub-account established and maintained in accordance with the provisions of Section 9.01 of the Credit Agreement and all funds and property from time to time on deposit in the Collateral Account. Collateral Agent shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble. 
 2 

Commodity Account Control Agreement shall mean a commodity account control agreement granting the Collateral Agent Control over the Commodity Contracts subject thereto, in a form that is reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent. Contracts shall mean, collectively, with respect to each Pledgor, all sale, service, performance, equipment or property lease contracts, agreements and grants and all other contracts, agreements or grants, including Licenses (in each case, whether written or oral, or third party or intercompany), to which such Pledgor is a party, and all assignments, amendments, restatements, supplements, extensions, renewals, replacements or modifications thereof. Control shall mean (i) in the case of each Deposit Account, control, as such term is defined in Section 9-104 of the UCC, (ii) in the case of any Security Entitlement, control, as such term is defined in Section 8-106(d) of the UCC, (iii) in the case of any Commodity Contract, control, as such term is defined in Section 9-106(b) of the UCC and (iv) in the case of any Uncertificated Security, control as such term is defined in Section 8-106(c) of the UCC. Control Agreements shall mean, collectively, the Deposit Account Control Agreement(s), the Securities Account Control Agreement(s) and the Commodity Account Control Agreement(s). Copyright Security Agreement shall mean an agreement substantially in the form annexed hereto as Exhibit 4 . Copyrights shall mean, collectively all works of authorship (whether protected by statutory or common law copyright) and all copyrights, whether established or registered in the United States or any other country, multi-national registry, or any political subdivision thereof, whether registered or unregistered and whether published or unpublished) and all copyright registrations and applications therefor, including the copyright registrations and applications listed on Schedule 8(c) hereto, together with any and all (i) rights, priorities and privileges arising under applicable Legal Requirements with respect to the foregoing, (ii) restorations, renewals and extensions thereof, (iii) proceeds, income, fees, royalties, damages and payments now or hereafter due and/or payable with respect thereto, including damages, claims and payments for past, present or future infringements or other violations thereof, (iv) rights to sue or otherwise recover for past, present or future infringements or other violations thereof and (v) rights corresponding thereto throughout the world. Credit Agreement shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the recitals hereof. Deposit Account Control Agreement shall mean an agreement granting the Collateral Agent Control over the Deposit Accounts subject thereto, in a form that is reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent. Deposit Accounts shall mean, collectively, with respect to each Pledgor, (i) all deposit accounts as such term is defined in the UCC and in any event shall include the Collateral Account and all accounts and sub-accounts relating to any of the foregoing accounts and (ii) all cash, funds, checks, notes and instruments from time to time on deposit in any of the accounts or sub-accounts described in clause (i) of this definition. Distributions shall mean, collectively, with respect to each Pledgor, all dividends, cash, options, warrants, rights, instruments, distributions, returns of capital or principal, income, interest, profits and other property, interests (debt or equity) or proceeds, including as a result of a split, revision, reclassification or other like change of the Pledged Securities, from time to time received, receivable or otherwise distributed to such Pledgor in respect of or in exchange for any or all of the Pledged Securities or Intercompany Notes. Excluded Accounts shall mean Deposit Accounts that are exclusively one of the following: (i) Payroll Accounts, (ii) escrow accounts (to the extent maintained exclusively by the Borrower and its 
 3 

Subsidiaries for the purpose of establishing or maintaining escrow amounts for third-parties (and, in all events, excluding the Borrower and its Subsidiaries and their respective Affiliates and each of their respective Related Persons)), (iii) trust accounts (to the extent maintained exclusively by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the purpose of establishing or maintaining trust amounts for third-parties (and, in all events, excluding the Borrower and its Subsidiaries and their respective Affiliates and each of their respective Related Persons)), (iv) employee benefits accounts (to the extent maintained exclusively by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the purpose of maintaining or holding employee benefit funds for the beneficiaries, or owners, thereof), (v) 401(k) accounts (to the extent maintained exclusively by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the purpose of maintaining or holding funds for the beneficiaries, or owners, of applicable 401(k) accounts), (vi) pension fund accounts (to the extent maintained by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries exclusively for the purpose of maintaining or holding pensions funds for the beneficiaries, or owners, of applicable pension funds (or pension fund entitlements)), (vii) Deposit Accounts not located in the United States or any of its States or territories in which the Pledgors customarily maintain less than 2,000,000 in the aggregate (or such higher amount as may be agreed to by the Collateral Agent in its Required Lenders in their reasonable discretion), (viii) tax withholding accounts (to the extent maintained by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries exclusively for the purpose of maintaining or holding tax withholding amounts payable to applicable Governmental Authorities), (ix) Deposit Accounts in which the Pledgors customarily maintain less than 2,000,000 in the aggregate (or such higher amount as may be agreed to by the Collateral Agent in its Required Lenders in their sole discretion), (x) Deposit Accounts used solely as cash collateral accounts for the purposes of securing Bank Product Obligations and (xi) zero-balance accounts. Excluded Assets shall mean (A) any real property or real property interests (including leasehold interests to the extent not constituting personal property) other than Material Real Property (with the amount secured by such mortgage limited to the fair market value of the applicable fee owned real property (to the extent that such real property is located in a jurisdiction that imposes a mortgage recording tax based on the amount of debt secured by the respective mortgage) and with any required mortgages on properties with a value greater than such amount being permitted to be delivered within ninety (90) days after the Closing Date (as such date may be extended by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion) and all leasehold interests in real property (other than leaseholds of manufacturing or distribution centers that secure (or were otherwise required to secure) the obligations under any of the debt to be repaid as part of the Refinancing, although the Borrower shall only be required to use its commercially reasonable efforts to obtain any third party consents that may be required to grant such leasehold mortgage)), (B) all vehicles, rolling stock and other assets covered by a certificate of title (to the extent a lien thereon cannot be perfected by the filing of a UCC financing statement), (C) property subject to a purchase money security interest or capital lease, (D) any governmental licenses or state or local franchises, charters and authorizations, to the extent security interests in such licenses, franchises, charters or authorizations are prohibited or restricted thereby only for so long as the applicable license, franchise, charter or authorization prohibits the creation by such Pledgor of a security interest in such license, franchise, charter or authorization (other than to the extent that any such term would be rendered ineffective pursuant to Sections 9-406, 9-407, 9-408 or 9-409 of the UCC (or any successor provision or provisions) of any relevant jurisdiction or any other applicable Legal Requirement or principles of equity), (E) any lease, license, contract or agreement to which any Pledgor is a party or any of its rights or interests thereunder if and for so long as the grant of such security interest shall constitute or result in (i) the abandonment, invalidation, voiding or unenforceability of any right, title or interest of any Pledgor therein or (ii) a breach or termination pursuant to the terms of, or a default under, any such lease, license, contract or agreement (other than to the extent that any such term would be rendered ineffective pursuant to Sections 9-406, 9-407, 9-408 or 9-409 of the UCC (or any successor provision or provisions) of any relevant jurisdiction or any other applicable Legal Requirement or principles of equity), provided , however , that such security interest shall attach immediately and automatically at such time as the condition causing such abandonment, invalidation or unenforceability shall be remedied and, to the extent severable, shall attach immediately to any portion of such lease, license, contract or agreement that does not result in any of the consequences specified in (i) or (ii) including any Proceeds of such lease, license, 
 4 

contract or agreement, (F) to th e e xt e nt applicabl e , Pl e dg e d Int e r e sts and Pl e dg e d S e curiti e s to the extent such Pledged Interests and Pledged Securities are not required to be pledged as Pledged Collat e ral pursuant to S e ction 5.10(a) or (b) of th e Cr e dit Agr ee m e nt [Reserved] , (G) any property of a Pledgor to the extent and for so long as the grant of a security interest pursuant to this Agreement in such Pledgor s right, title or interest therein is prohibited by applicable Legal Requirements; provided, that the foregoing exclusions in this clause (G) shall in no way be construed to apply to the extent that the prohibition is unenforceable under Sections 9-406 , 9-407 , 9-408 or 9-409 of the UCC (or any successor provision or provisions) of any relevant jurisdiction or any other applicable Legal Requirement or principles of equity; provided , further , that such security interest shall attach immediately and automatically without further action when such prohibition is repealed, rescinded or otherwise ceases to be effective, (H) any asset or property to the extent a security interest therein could result in material adverse tax consequences as reasonably determined by the Borrower and the Collateral Agent Required Lenders , (I) any other asset or property with respect to which the Borrower and the Collat e ral Agent Required Lenders reasonably determine that the costs of obtaining a security interest therein are excessive in relation to the value of the security afforded thereby, (J) any intent-to-use Trademark application prior to the filing and acceptance ofa Statement of Use or an Amendment to Allege Use with respect thereto, to the extent, if any, that, and solely during the period, if any, in which, the grant of a security interest therein would impair the validity or enforceability of any registration that issues from such intent-to-use application under applicable federal law; provided that, once a Statement of Use or an Amendment to Allege Use has been filed with and accepted by the USPTO with respect to any such intent-to-use Trademark application, such application will no longer constitute Excluded Assets and (K) margin stock. General Intangibles shall mean, collectively, with respect to each Pledgor, all general intangibles, as such term is defined in the UCC, now owned or hereafter acquired by such Pledgor and, in any event, shall include (i) all of such Pledgor s rights, title and interest in, to and under all insurance policies and coverages and Contracts (including all rights and remedies relating to monetary damages, including indemnification rights and remedies and claims for damages or other relief pursuant to or in respect of any Contract), (ii) all know-how and warranties relating to any of the Pledged Collateral or any of the Mortgaged Property, (iii) any and all other rights, claims, choses-in-action and causes of action of such Pledgor against any other person and the benefits of any and all collateral or other security given by any other person in connection therewith, (iv) all guarantees, endorsements and indemnifications on, or of, any of the Pledged Collateral or any of the Mortgaged Property, (v) all lists, books, records, correspondence, ledgers, printouts, files (whether in printed form or stored electronically), tapes and other papers or materials containing information relating to any of the Pledged Collateral or any of the Mortgaged Property, including all customer or tenant lists, identification of suppliers, data, plans, blueprints, specifications, designs, drawings, appraisals, recorded knowledge, surveys, studies, engineering reports, test reports, manuals, standards, processing standards, performance standards, catalogs, research data, computer and automatic machinery software and programs and the like, field repair data, accounting information pertaining to such Pledgor s operations or any of the Pledged Collateral or any of the Mortgaged Property and all media in which or on which any of the information or knowledge or data or records may be recorded or stored and all computer programs used for the compilation or printout of such information, knowledge, records or data, (vi) all licenses, consents, permits, variances, certifications, authorizations and approvals, however characterized, of any Governmental Authority (or any person acting on behalf of a Governmental Authority) now or hereafter acquired or held by such Pledgor pertaining to operations now or hereafter conducted by such Pledgor or any of the Pledged Collateral or any of the Mortgaged Property including building permits, certificates of occupancy, environmental certificates, industrial permits or licenses and certificates of operation, (vii) all rights to reserves, payment intangibles, deferred payments, deposits, refunds or indemnification claims to the extent the foregoing relate to any Pledged Collateral or any Mortgaged Property and claims for tax or other refunds against any Governmental Authority relating to any Pledged Collateral or any of the Mortgaged Property and (viii) unregistered and unapplied for trademarks, trade names, service marks and copyrights, registered and unregistered domain names, trade secrets, proprietary information, inventions, Licenses, databases, software, formulae, works of authorship, know-how, 
 5 

processes, confidential information, systems, and procedures. Guarantors shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble. Initial Pledged Interests shall mean, with respect to each Pledgor, all membership, partnership or other Equity Interests (other than in a corporation), as applicable, currently owned by such Pledgor including without limitation, those of each issuer described in Schedule 2 hereto (other than the Borrower as issuer), together with all rights, privileges, authority and powers of such Pledgor in and to each such issuer or under any Organizational Document of each such issuer, and the certificates, instruments and agreements representing such membership, partnership or other interests and any and all interest of such Pledgor in the entries on the books of any financial intermediary pertaining to such membership, partnership or other interests. Initial Pledged Shares shall mean, collectively, with respect to each Pledgor, the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock currently owned by such Pledgor including without limitation, those of each issuer that is a corporation described in Schedule 2 hereto (other than the Borrower as issuer), together with all rights, privileges, authority and powers of such Pledgor relating to such interests in each such issuer or under any Organizational Document of each such issuer, and the certificates, instruments and agreements representing such shares of capital stock and any and all interest of such Pledgor in the entries on the books of any financial intermediary pertaining to the Initial Pledged Shares. Instruments shall mean, collectively, with respect to each Pledgor, all instruments, as such term is defined in Article 9, rather than Article 3, of the UCC, and shall include all promissory notes, drafts, bills of exchange or acceptances. Intellectual Property Collateral shall mean all Intellectual Property of each Pledgor, whether now owned or held, or hereafter acquired by or assigned to each Pledgor. Intellectual Property shall mean, collectively, all domestic, foreign and multi-national intellectual property rights of any kind, whether now or hereafter existing, including, without limitation, all Patents, Trademarks, Copyrights, Trade Secrets and Licenses, together with any and all (i) rights, priorities and privileges arising under applicable Legal Requirements with respect to the foregoing, (ii) proceeds, income, fees, royalties, damages and payments now and hereafter due and/or payable thereunder and with respect thereto, including damages, claims and payments for past, present or future infringements, misappropriations, dilutions or other violations thereof, (iii) rights to sue for past, present and future infringements, misappropriations, dilutions or other violations thereof and (iv) rights corresponding thereto throughout the world. Intercompany Notes shall mean, with respect to each Pledgor, all intercompany notes hereafter acquired by such Pledgor and all certificates, instruments or agreements evidencing such intercompany notes, and all assignments, amendments, restatements, supplements, extensions, renewals, replacements or modifications thereof to the extent permitted pursuant to the terms hereof and under the Credit Agreement. Investment Property shall mean a security, whether certificated or uncertificated, Security Entitlement, Securities Account, Commodity Contract or Commodity Account. Joinder Agreement shall mean an agreement substantially in the form annexed hereto as Exhibit 3 . Lenders shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the recitals hereof. Licenses shall mean all licenses, covenants not to sue and any other agreement granting any right with respect to any Intellectual Property (whether a Pledgor is the grantor or grantee thereunder). Material Real Property shall mean fee-owned real property with fair market value greater than 
 6 

2,000,000. Mortgaged Property shall have the meaning assigned in the Credit Agreement. Patent Security Agreement shall mean an agreement substantially in the form annexed hereto as Exhibit 5 . Patents shall mean, collectively all patents and patent applications (whether issued or applied for in the United States or any other country, multi-national registry, or any political subdivision thereof), including those listed on Schedule 8(a) hereto, together with any and all (i) rights, priorities and privileges arising under applicable Legal Requirements with respect to the foregoing, (ii) inventions and designs claimed therein, (iii) reissues, substitutions, reexaminations, divisions, renewals, extensions, continuations and continuations-in-part thereof and amendments thereto, (iv) proceeds, income, fees, royalties, damages and payments now or hereafter due and/or payable thereunder and with respect thereto including damages, claims and payments for past, present or future infringements or other violations thereof, (v) rights to sue for past, present or future infringements or other violations thereof, and (vi) rights corresponding thereto throughout the world. Payroll Account shall mean any Deposit Account of a Pledgor that is used by such Pledgor solely as a payroll account for the employees of such Pledgor or any other Loan Party or any of their respective Subsidiaries; provided that, at no time shall the aggregate amount contained in all such accounts exceed the total amount of payroll payable to such employees by such Pledgor within the immediately succeeding thirty (30) days. Perfection Certificate shall have the meaning assigned in the Credit Agreement. Pledged Collateral shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.1 . Pledged Interests shall mean, collectively, the Initial Pledged Interests and the Additional Pledged Interests; provided , that notwithstanding any of the foregoing, Pledged Interests shall not include any Equity Interests which are not required to be pledged pursuant to Section 5.10(b) of the Credit Agreement. Pledged Securities shall mean, collectively, the Pledged Interests, the Pledged Shares and the Successor Interests; provided , that notwithstanding any of the foregoing, Pledged Securities shall not include any Equity Interests which are not required to be pledged pursuant to Section 5.10(b) of the Credit Agreement. Pledged Shares shall mean, collectively, the Initial Pledged Shares and the Additional Pledged Shares; provided , that notwithstanding any of the foregoing, Pledged Shares shall not include any Equity Interests which are not required to be pledged pursuant to Section 5.10(b) of the Credit Agreement. Pledgor shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble. For the avoidance of doubt, no Subsidiary that is not required to become a Guarantor pursuant to Section 5.10(b) of the Credit Agreement shall be a Pledgor. Secured Obligations shall mean (i) in the case of the Borrower, the Obligations (including, without limitation, interest accruing after the filing of any petition in bankruptcy, or the commencement of any insolvency, reorganization or like proceeding relating to the Borrower or any other Pledgor, whether or not a claim for post-filing or post-petition interest is allowed in such proceeding) , the Specified Hedging Agreement Obligations and the Bank Product Obligations, and (ii) in the case of any Pledgor (other than the Borrower), the Guaranteed Obligations. Secured Parties shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the Credit Agreement. 
 7 

Securities Account Control Agreement shall mean an agreement granting the Collateral Agent Control over the Securities Accounts and/or Financial Assets subject thereto, in a form that is reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent. Securities Collateral shall mean, collectively, the Pledged Securities, the Intercompany Notes and the Distributions. Securities Pledge Amendment shall mean an agreement substantially in the form annexed hereto as Exhibit 2 . Software shall mean (i) software, firmware, middleware and computer programs, including any and all software implementations of algorithms, models and methodologies, whether in source code, object code, executable or binary code, (ii) descriptions, flow-charts and other work product used to design, plan, organize, maintain, support or develop any of the foregoing, and (iii) all documentation, including programmers notes and source code annotations, user manuals and training materials relating to any of the foregoing, including any translations thereof. Successor Interests shall mean, collectively, with respect to each Pledgor, all shares of each class of the capital stock of the successor corporation or interests or certificates of the successor limited liability company, partnership or other entity owned by such Pledgor (unless such successor is such Pledgor itself) formed by or resulting from any consolidation or merger in which any person listed in Section I of the Perfection Certificate is not the surviving entity. Trademark Security Agreement shall mean an agreement substantially in the form annexed hereto as Exhibit 6 . Trademarks shall mean, collectively, all trademarks, service marks, slogans, logos, certification marks, trade dress, uniform resource locations (URLs), domain names, corporate names, trade names, or other indicia of source, whether registered or unregistered, all registrations and applications for the foregoing (whether statutory or common law and whether registered or applied for in the United States or any other country, multi-national registry, or any political subdivision thereof), including those registrations and applications listed on Schedule 8(b) hereto together with any and all (i) rights, priorities and privileges arising under applicable Legal Requirements with respect to the foregoing, (ii) all goodwill of the business connected with the use thereof and symbolized thereby, (iii) extensions and renewals thereof and amendments thereto, (iv) proceeds, income, fees, royalties, damages and payments now and hereafter due and/or payable thereunder and with respect thereto, including damages, claims and payments for past, present or future infringements, dilutions or other violations thereof, (v) rights to sue for past, present and future infringements, dilutions or other violations thereof and (vi) rights corresponding thereto throughout the world. Trade Secrets shall mean, collectively, all trade secrets and all other confidential or proprietary information and know-how, whether or not reduced to a writing or other tangible form, including all documents and things embodying, incorporating, or referring in any way to the foregoing, together with any and all (i) rights, priorities and privileges arising under applicable Legal Requirements with respect to the foregoing, (ii) proceeds, income, fees, royalties, damages and payments now and hereafter due and/or payable thereunder and with respect thereto, including damages, claims and payments for past, present or future misappropriations or other violations thereof, (iii) rights to sue for past, present and future misappropriations or other violations thereof and (iv) rights corresponding thereto throughout the world. UCC shall mean the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect on the date hereof in the State of New York; provided, however , that if by reason of mandatory provisions of applicable Legal Requirements, any or all of the attachment, perfection or priority of the Collateral Agent s and the other Secured Parties security interest in any item or portion of the Pledged Collateral is governed by the Uniform Commercial Code in a jurisdiction other than the State of New York, the term UCC shall mean the Uniform 
 8 

Commercial Code as in effect on the date hereof in such other jurisdiction for purposes of the provisions hereof relating to such attachment, perfection or priority and for purposes of definitions relating to such provisions. SECTION 1.2 Interpretation. The rules of interpretation specified in the Credit Agreement (including Section 1.03 thereof) shall be applicable to this Agreement. SECTION 1.3 Resolution of Drafting Ambiguities. Each Pledgor acknowledges and agrees that it was represented by counsel in connection with the execution and delivery hereof, that it and its counsel reviewed and participated in the preparation and negotiation hereof and that any rule of construction to the effect that ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party (i.e., the Collateral Agent) shall not be employed in the interpretation hereof. SECTION 1.4 Perfection Certificate. The Perfection Certificate and all descriptions of Pledged Collateral, schedules, amendments and supplements thereto are and shall at all times remain a part of this Agreement. ARTICLE II GRANT OF SECURITY AND SECURED OBLIGATIONS SECTION 2.1 Grant of Security Interest. As collateral security for the payment and performance in full of all of the Secured Obligations, each Pledgor hereby pledges and grants to the Collateral Agent for the ratable benefit of the Secured Parties, a Lien on and security interest in and to all of the right, title and interest of such Pledgor in, to and under the following property, wherever located, whether now existing or hereafter arising or acquired from time to time (collectively, the Pledged Collateral ): (i) all Accounts; (ii) all Equipment, Goods, Inventory and Fixtures; (iii) all Documents, Instruments and Chattel Paper; (iv) all Letter-of-Credit Rights (whether or not the letter of credit is evidenced by a writing); (v) all Securities Collateral; (vi) all Investment Property; (vii) all Intellectual Property Collateral; (viii) the Commercial Tort Claims described on Schedule 6 hereto; (ix) all General Intangibles; (x) all Deposit Accounts; (xi) all Money; (xii) all Supporting Obligations; (xiii) all books and records pertaining to the Pledged Collateral; (xiv) to the extent not covered by clauses (i) through (xiv) of this sentence, choses in action and all other personal property of such Pledgor, whether tangible or intangible; and (xv) all Proceeds and products of each of the foregoing and all accessions to, substitutions and 
 9 

replacements for, and rents, profits and products of, each of the foregoing, and any and all Proceeds of any insurance, indemnity, warranty or guaranty payable to such Pledgor from time to time with respect to any of the foregoing. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in clauses (i) through (xv) above or any other provision of any Loan Document, any Specified Hedging Agreement or Bank Product Agreement, the first priority security interest created by this Agreement shall not extend to, and the term Pledged Collateral and Intellectual Property Collateral shall not include, any Excluded Assets. In addition, (i) the Pledgors shall from time to time at the reasonable request of the Collateral Agent or the Required Lenders give written notice to the Collateral Agent identifying in reasonable detail the Excluded Assets and shall provide to the Collateral Agent such other information regarding the Excluded Assets as the Collateral Agent or the Required Lenders may reasonably request and (ii) from and after the Closing Date, no Pledgor shall permit to become effective in any document creating, governing or providing for any permit, license or agreement, a provision that would prohibit the creation ofa Lien on such permit, license or agreement in favor of the Collateral Agent unless such prohibition is permitted pursuant to Section 6.14 of the Credit Agreement. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary or any other Loan Document, Specified Hedging Agreement or Bank Product Agreement, (x) under no circumstances shall landlord waivers, bailee waivers, warehouseman waivers or collateral access agreements be required, (y) no Pledgor shall be required to enter into any security agreement or pledge agreement governed under the laws of any jurisdiction other than the United States or any of its States or territories and (z) the terms Pledged Collateral and Intellectual Property Collateral shall not include any Property or Intellectual Property to the extent that any Pledgor would be required under applicable Legal Requirements to make any filings or take any actions (including actions to record or perfect the Lien on and security interest in, any Property or Intellectual Property) in any jurisdiction for the purpose of creating or perfecting a security interest therein (to the extent required by any Loan Document) other than in the United States or any of its States or territories. SECTION 2.2 Filings. (a) Subject to Section 5.10 of the Credit Agreement, each Pledgor hereby irrevocably authorizes the Collateral Agent at any time and from time to time prior to the termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 10.4 to file in any relevant jurisdiction any financing statements (including fixture filings), continuation statements and amendments thereto that contain the information required by Article 9 of the UCC of each applicable jurisdiction for the filing of any financing statement, continuation statement or amendment thereto relating to the Pledged Collateral, including (i) whether such Pledgor is an organization, the type of organization and any organizational identification number issued to such Pledgor, and (ii) any financing or continuation statements or other documents without the signature of such Pledgor where permitted by law, and (iii) in the case of a financing statement filed as a fixture filing or covering Pledged Collateral constituting minerals or the like to be extracted or timber to be cut, a sufficient description of the real property to which such Pledged Collateral relates. Each Pledgor agrees to provide all information described in the immediately preceding sentence to the Collateral Agent promptly upon reasonable request and the Collateral Agent agrees to, at the expense of the Pledgors, use commercially reasonable efforts to make available to such Pledgor copies of any such filings. Such financing statements may describe the collateral in the same manner as described herein or may contain a description of collateral that describes such property in any other manner as the Collateral Agent may determine, in its reasonable discretion, is necessary or advisable to ensure the perfection or first lien priority of the security interest in the collateral granted to the Collateral Agent in connection herewith, including, describing such property as all assets whether now owned or hereafter acquired or all personal property whether now owned or hereafter acquired or words of similar effect (regardless of whether any particular asset comprised in the Pledged Collateral falls within the scope of Article 9 of the UCC). 
 
 (b) Each Pledgor hereby ratifies its authorization for the Collateral Agent to file in any relevant jurisdiction any financing statements or amendments thereto relating to the Pledged Collateral if filed prior to the date hereof. 
 10 

(c) Each Pledgor hereby further authorizes the Collateral Agent to file instruments with the USPTO or the USCO (or any successor office), including the Copyright Security Agreement, the Patent Security Agreement and the Trademark Security Agreement, or other documents that are necessary for the purpose of perfecting, confirming, continuing, enforcing or protecting the pledge and security interest granted by such Pledgor hereunder in any Intellectual Property Collateral owned by Pledgor and applied for, registered or issued in the United States and in any Exclusive Copyright Licenses included in the Intellectual Property Collateral, without the signature of such Pledgor, and naming such Pledgor, as debtor, and the Collateral Agent, as secured party. ARTICLE III PERFECTION; SUPPLEMENTS; FURTHER ASSURANCES; USE OF PLEDGED COLLATERAL SECTION 3.1 Delivery of Certificated Securities Collateral. Each Pledgor represents and warrants that all certificates, agreements or instruments representing or evidencing the Securities Collateral in existence on the date hereof (other than as provided in Schedule 5.18 of the Credit Agreement) have been delivered to the Collateral Agent (or its non-fiduciary agent or designee) in suitable form for transfer by delivery or accompanied by duly executed instruments of transfer or assignment in blank and that the Collateral Agent has a valid, enforceable (except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws relating to or limiting creditors rights generally or by general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law), perfected first priority security interest therein (subject, as to priority, to Permitted Liens). Each Pledgor hereby agrees that all certificates, agreements or instruments representing or evidencing Securities Collateral acquired by such Pledgor after the date hereof (limited, in the case of debt securities only, to those in a principal amount of more than 500,000) shall promptly (and in any event within ten (10) days) or such longer period as may be agreed to in writing by the Collateral Agent Required Lenders in its discretion) upon receipt thereof by such Pledgor be delivered to and held by or on behalf of the Collateral Agent (or its non-fiduciary agent or designee) pursuant hereto. All certificated Securities Collateral shall be in suitable form for transfer by delivery or shall be accompanied by duly executed instruments of transfer or assignment in blank, all in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent. The Collateral Agent shall have the right, at any time upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, upon prior or contemporaneous notice to the Borrower, to endorse, assign or otherwise transfer to or to register in the name of the Collateral Agent or any of its nominees or endorse for negotiation any or all of the Securities Collateral, without any indication that such Securities Collateral is subject to the security interest hereunder; provided, however, notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, upon the cure or waiver in accordance with the terms of the Credit Agreement of the applicable Events of Default, the Collateral Agent shall endorse, assign or otherwise transfer to or register in the name of the applicable Pledgor any such Securities Collateral subject to revesting in the event ofa subsequent Event of Default that is continuing and upon prior or contemporaneous notice from the Collateral Agent to the Borrower, provided that such Securities Collateral remains in the possession of the Collateral Agent. In addition, the Collateral Agent shall have the right at any time upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default to exchange certificates representing or evidencing Securities Collateral for certificates of smaller or larger denominations. SECTION 3.2 Perfection of Uncertificated Securities Collateral. Each Pledgor represents and warrants that, subject to the provisions of Section 4.2 , the Collateral Agent has a valid, enforceable (except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws relating to or limiting creditors rights generally or by general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law), perfected first priority security interest (subject, as to priority, to Permitted Liens) under applicable U.S. federal or state law in all uncertificated Pledged Securities pledged by it hereunder that are in existence on the date hereof. Each Pledgor hereby agrees that if any issuer of Pledged Securities is organized in a jurisdiction that does not require the use of certificates to evidence 
 11 

equity ownership or any of the Pledged Securities are at any time not evidenced by certificates of ownership, then each applicable Pledgor shall, (A) other than with respect to Immaterial Subsidiaries and Unrestricted Subsidiaries, if necessary to perfect a first priority security interest in such Pledged Securities or otherwise reasonably requested by the Collateral Agent or the Required Lenders , cause such pledge to be recorded on the equityholder register or the books of the issuer, (B) cause the issuer (or, if such issuer is not a Subsidiary of such Pledgor, use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the issuer) to execute and deliver to the Collateral Agent an acknowledgment of the pledge of such Pledged Securities granting the Collateral Agent Control over such uncertificated securities substantially in the form of Exhibit 1 annexed hereto or such other form reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent, and (C) other than with respect to Immaterial Subsidiaries and Unrestricted Subsidiaries, upon the Collateral Agent s reasonable request of the Collateral Agent or the Required Lenders (a) execute any customary pledge forms or other documents necessary or reasonably appropriate to complete the pledge and give the Collateral Agent the right to transfer such Pledged Securities under the terms hereof and (b) other than in respect of Pledged Securities of an issuer organized in a jurisdiction outside of the United States, provide to the Collateral Agent an opinion of counsel, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collat e ral Ag e nt Required Lenders , confirming such pledge and perfection thereof. Each Pledgor further acknowledges and agrees that, with respect to any Pledged Collateral constituting interests in any limited liability company or any general partnership, limited partnership, limited liability partnership or other partnership, in each case, now or in the future owned by such Pledgor and pledged hereunder that is not, pursuant to the terms of the applicable limited liability company agreement, partnership agreement or other similar agreement, a security within the meaning of Article 8 of the UCC, such Pledgor shall at no time amend the applicable limited liability company agreement, partnership agreement or other similar agreement to expressly provide that such interest is a security within the meaning of Article 8 of the UCC or elect to treat any such interest as a security within the meaning of Article 8 of the UCC, nor shall such interest be represented by a certificate, unless such Pledgor provides prior written notification to the Collateral Agent of such election and such interest is thereafter represented by a certificate that is promptly delivered to the Collateral Agent in accordance with Section 3.1 . SECTION 3.3 Financing Statements and Other Filings; Maintenance of Perfected Security Interest. Each Pledgor represents and warrants that the only filings, registrations and recordings necessary to perfect, in the United States or any of its States or territories (if and to the extent such security interest in the Pledged Collateral can be perfected by such filings, registrations, recordings, agreements and instruments), the security interest granted by each Pledgor to the Collateral Agent in respect of the Pledged Collateral are listed on Schedule 1 hereto. All such filings, registrations and recordings have been delivered to the Collateral Agent in completed and, to the extent necessary, duly executed form for filing in each applicable governmental, municipal or other office specified in Schedule 1 hereto. Each Pledgor agrees that at the sole cost and expense of the Pledgors, (i) such Pledgor will maintain the security interest created by this Agreement in the Pledged Collateral as a valid, enforceable (except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws relating to or limiting creditors rights generally or by general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law), perfected first priority security interest, in the United States or any of its States or territories (subject, as to priority, to Permitted Liens), and shall defend such security interest against the claims and demands of all persons, (ii) such Pledgor shall furnish to the Collateral Agent from time to time statements and schedules further identifying and describing the Pledged Collateral and such other reports in connection with the Pledged Collateral as the Collateral Agent or the Required Lenders may reasonably request, all in reasonable detail and (iii) at any time and from time to time, upon the written request of the Collateral Agent or the Required Lenders , such Pledgor shall promptly and duly execute and deliver, and file and have recorded, such further instruments and documents and take such further action as the Collateral Agent or the Required Lenders may reasonably request for the purpose of obtaining or preserving the full benefits of this Agreement and the rights and powers herein granted, including (x) the filing of any financing statements and amendments thereto, continuation statements and other documents (including this 
 12 

Agreement) under the UCC (or other similar laws) in effect in the United States or any of its States or territories with respect to the security interest created hereby, (y) subject to the limitations in Section 3.4(b) hereof, the execution and delivery of Control Agreements, and (z) the execution and delivery of Patent Security Agreements, Copyright Security Agreements and Trademark Security Agreements, in each case, all in form substantially similar to the exhibits attached hereto and in such offices located in the United States or any of its States or territories (including the USPTO and USCO) wherever required by applicable Legal Requirements to perfect (to the extent a security interest in such Pledged Collateral may be so perfected under applicable Legal Requirements), continue and maintain a valid, enforceable (except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws relating to or limiting creditors rights generally or by general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law), first priority security interest (subject, as to priority, to Permitted Liens) in the Pledged Collateral as provided herein and to preserve the other rights and interests granted to the Collateral Agent hereunder, as against third parties, with respect to the Pledged Collateral. SECTION 3.4 Other Actions. In order to further ensure the attachment, perfection and priority of, and the ability of the Collateral Agent to enforce, the Collateral Agent s security interest in the Pledged Collateral, each Pledgor represents and warrants and covenants as follows, in each case at such Pledgor s own expense, to take the following actions with respect to the following Pledged Collateral: (a) Instruments and Tangible Chattel Paper . As of the date hereof, each Pledgor hereby represents and warrants that (i) no amounts individually or in the aggregate (together with any amounts evidenced by Electronic Chattel Paper as described in Section 3.4(d) below) in excess of 1,000,000 payable under or in connection with any of the Pledged Collateral are evidenced by any Instrument (other than checks to be deposited in the ordinary course of business) or Tangible Chattel Paper other than the Intercompany Notes and the Instruments and Tangible Chattel Paper listed on Schedule 3 hereto and (ii) each such Instrument and each such item of Tangible Chattel Paper individually or in the aggregate (together with any amounts evidenced by Electronic Chattel Paper as described in Section 3.4(d) below) in excess of 1,000,000 (other than checks to be deposited in the ordinary course of business and other than as provided in Schedule 5.18 of the Credit Agreement) has been properly endorsed and delivered to the Collateral Agent (or its non-fiduciary agent or designee), accompanied by instruments of transfer or assignment duly executed in blank. If any amount, individually or in the aggregate (together with any amounts evidenced by Electronic Chattel Paper as described in Section 3.4(d) below), in excess of 1,000,000 then payable under or in connection with any of the Pledged Collateral shall be evidenced by any Instrument (other than checks to be deposited in the ordinary course of business) or Tangible Chattel Paper (other than documents or records evidencing amounts owed by customers in the ordinary course of business pursuant to deferred payment procedures) and has not previously been delivered to the Collateral Agent (other than as provided in Schedule 5.18 of the Credit Agreement), the Pledgor acquiring such Instrument or Tangible Chattel Paper shall promptly (and in any event within ten (10) days after acquisition by such Pledgor or such longer period as may be agreed to in writing by the Collateral Agent in its Required Lenders in their sole discretion) endorse, assign and deliver the same to the Collateral Agent (or its non-fiduciary agent or designee), accompanied by such instruments of transfer or assignment duly executed in blank as the Collateral Agent or the Required Lenders may from time to time reasonably specify; provided, however , that so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, upon written request by such Pledgor, the Collateral Agent (or its non-fiduciary agent or designee) shall promptly (and in any event within three (3) Business Days) return such Instrument (other than the Intercompany Notes) or Tangible Chattel Paper to such Pledgor from time to time, to the extent necessary for collection in the ordinary course of such Pledgor s business. (b) Deposit Accounts . Each Pledgor hereby represents, warrants and covenants that (i) as of the date hereof, each Pledgor has neither opened nor maintains any Deposit Accounts in which the average daily balance, individually or in the aggregate, of the funds held from time to time in all such accounts exceeds 500,000, other than the accounts listed on Schedule 4 hereto, (ii) each applicable Pledgor and the relevant Bank(s) will execute and deliver a Deposit Account Control Agreement with respect to each of the Deposit Accounts (other than Excluded Accounts) listed on Schedule 4 hereto, or the Pledgors shall have 
 13 

closed such accounts, in each case, in accordance with Section 5.18 of the Credit Agreement, (iii) to the extent a Pledgor acquires, directly or indirectly, pursuant to a Permitted Acquisition or other transaction permitted pursuant to the Credit Agreement, or opens additional Deposit Accounts (other than Excluded Accounts) then such Pledgor shall, within thirty (30) days (or such longer period as may be agreed to by the Collat e ral Ag e nt in its Required Lenders in their reasonable discretion) after opening of any such Deposit Account, execute and deliver a Deposit Account Control Agreement in respect thererof in accordance with the terms of this Section 3.4(b), (iv) in no event shall any Pledgor maintain Deposit Accounts not located in the United States or any of its States or territories with a balance in the aggregate in excess of 2,000,000, and (v) upon the execution and delivery of such Deposit Account Control Agreements, the Collateral Agent shall have a valid, enforceable (except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws relating to or limiting creditors rights generally or by general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law), perfected first priority security interest (subject, as to priority, to Permitted Liens) in such Deposit Accounts by Control. The Collateral Agent shall not give any instructions directing the disposition of funds (a Control Notice from time to time credited to any Deposit Account or withhold any withdrawal rights from such Pledgor with respect to funds from time to time credited to any Deposit Account unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or, after immediately thereafter giving effect to any withdrawal, would occur. The Collateral Agent agrees to reasonably promptly (but in any event, within five (5) Business Days) rescind a Control Notice (notice of such rescission, a Rescission Notice if such Event of Default upon which a Control Notice was issued has been cured (as determined by the Collateral Agent) or waived in accordance with the terms of the Credit Agreement and no other Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or is reasonably expected to occur on or immediately after the date of such Rescission Notice. The provisions of this Section 3.4(b) relating to obtaining a Control Agreement shall not apply to the Collateral Account or any Excluded Account. As of the date hereof and until the termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 10.4, no Pledgor has granted or shall grant Control of any Deposit Account to any person other than the Collateral Agent and to the extent constituting a Permitted Lien pursuant to Section 6.02(j) of the Credit Agreement. (c) Securities Accounts and Commodity Accounts . (i) Each Pledgor hereby represents and warrants that (1) as of the date hereof, it has neither opened nor maintains any Securities Accounts or Commodity Accounts in which the amount and/or fair market value, individually or in the aggregate, of the financial assets and/or commodity contracts, as the case may be, held from time to time in all such accounts exceeds 500,000, other than those listed on Schedule 5 hereto, (2) each applicable Pledgor and the relevant Securities Intermediary or Commodity Intermediary will execute and deliver a Securities Account Control Agreement or Commodity Account Control Agreement, as applicable, for each Securities Account or Commodity Account listed on Schedule 5 hereto, or the Pledgors shall have closed such accounts, in each case, in accordance with Section 5.18 of the Credit Agreement, (3) upon the execution and delivery of such Securities Account Control Agreement or Commodity Account Control Agreement, the Collateral Agent will have a valid, enforceable (except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws relating to or limiting creditors rights generally or by general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law), perfected first priority security interest (other than, as to priority, Permitted Liens) in such Securities Accounts and Commodity Accounts by Control, and (4) it does not hold, own or have any interest in any certificated securities or uncertificated securities other than those constituting Pledged Securities and those maintained in Securities Accounts or Commodity Accounts listed on Schedule 5 hereto or in respect of which the Collateral Agent has Control. Without limiting the requirements of Section 3.1 and after giving effect thereto, if any Pledgor shall at any time hold or acquire any certificated securities constituting Investment Property and having a fair market value, individually or in the aggregate, in excess of 500,000, such Pledgor shall promptly (and in any event within ten (10) Business Days of acquiring such security, or such later date as may be agreed to in writing by the Collateral Agent in its Required Lenders in their sole discretion) (a) endorse, assign and deliver the same to the Collateral Agent (or its non-fiduciary agent or designee), accompanied by such instruments of transfer or assignment duly executed in blank, all in form and substance 
 14 

reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent or (b) deliver such securities into a Securities Account (other than an Excluded Account) with respect to which a Control Agreement is in effect in favor of the Collateral Agent. Without limiting the requirements of Section 3.2 and after giving effect thereto, if any securities now or hereafter acquired by any Pledgor constituting Investment Property and having a fair market value, individually or in the aggregate, in excess of 500,000 are uncertificated and are issued to such Pledgor or its nominee directly by the issuer thereof, such Pledgor shall promptly (and in any event within five (5) Business Days of acquiring such security, or such later date as may be agreed to in writing by the Collateral Agent in its sole discretion) notify the Collateral Agent thereof and pursuant to an agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, either (a) cause the issuer to agree to comply with instructions from the Collateral Agent as to such securities, without further consent of any Pledgor or such nominee, (b) cause a Security Entitlement with respect to such uncertificated security to be held in a Securities Account (other than an Excluded Account) with respect to which the Collateral Agent has Control or (c) arrange for the Collateral Agent to become the registered owner of the securities (it being understood and agreed that, unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the applicable Pledgor shall retain the exclusive right to dispose of, take the proceeds of, and otherwise deal with such securities in the ordinary course of business to the extent not otherwise prohibited under the Credit Agreement). The Collateral Agent shall not give any Entitlement Orders or instructions or directions to any issuer of uncertificated securities, Securities Intermediary or Commodity Intermediary, and shall not withhold its consent to the exercise of any withdrawal or dealing rights by such Pledgor (all of the foregoing collectively, the Orders ), unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, or, immediately thereafter after giving effect to any such investment and withdrawal rights, would occur. The Collateral Agent agrees to reasonably promptly (but in any event, within five (5) Business Days) rescind an Order (notice of such rescission, an Order Rescission Notice if such Event of Default upon which an Order was issued has been cured (as determined by the Collateral Agent) or waived in accordance with the terms of the Credit Agreement and no other Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or is reasonably expected to occur on or immediately after the date of such Order Rescission Notice. The provisions of this Section 3.4(c) with respect to obtaining a Control Agreement shall not apply to any Financial Assets credited to any Excluded Account. No Pledgor shall grant Control over any Investment Property (including any Excluded Account) to any person other than the Collateral Agent. (11) As between the Collateral Agent and the Pledgors, the Pledgors shall bear the investment risk with respect to the Investment Property and Pledged Securities, and the risk of loss of, damage to, or the destruction of the Investment Property and Pledged Securities, whether in the possession of, or maintained as a security entitlement or deposit by, or subject to the control of, the Collateral Agent, a Securities Intermediary, Commodity Intermediary, any Pledgor or any other person; provided, however , that nothing contained in this Section 3.4(c) shall release or relieve any Securities Intermediary or Commodity Intermediary of its duties and obligations to the Pledgors or any other person under any Control Agreement or under applicable Legal Requirements. Each Pledgor shall promptly pay all Charges and fees of whatever kind or nature with respect to the Investment Property and Pledged Securities pledged by it under this Agreement. In the event any Pledgor shall fail to make such payment contemplated in the immediately preceding sentence, the Collateral Agent may do so for the account of such Pledgor and the Pledgors shall promptly reimburse and indemnify the Collateral Agent from all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by the Collateral Agent under this Section 3.4(c) in accordance with Section 11.03 of the Credit Agreement. (d) Electronic Chattel Paper and Transferable Records . If any amount, individually or in the aggregate (together with any amounts evidenced by Instruments or Tangible Chattel Paper as described in Section 3.4(a) above), in excess of 1,000,000 or payable under or in connection with any of the Pledged Collateral is evidenced by any Electronic Chattel Paper or any transferable record (as that term is defined in Section 201 of the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, or in Section 16 of the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act as in effect in any relevant jurisdiction) other than such Electronic Chattel Paper and transferable records listed in Schedule 3 hereof or documents or records evidencing amounts owed by customers in the ordinary course of business pursuant to deferred 
 15 

payment procedures, the Pledgor acquiring such Electronic Chattel Paper or transferable record shall promptly (and in any event within thirty (30) days of the acquisition thereof or such later date as may be agreed to in writing by the Collat e ral Ag e nt in its Required Lenders in their sole discretion) notify the Collateral Agent thereof and shall take such action as the Collateral Agent or the Required Lenders may reasonably request to vest in the Collateral Agent control under Section 9-105 of the UCC of such Electronic Chattel Paper or control under Section 201 of the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act or, as the case may be, Section 16 of the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, as so in effect in such jurisdiction, of such transferable record. The requirement in the preceding sentence shall not apply to the extent that such amounts payable evidenced by Electronic Chattel Paper or any transferable record in which the Collateral Agent has not been vested control within the meaning of the statutes described in the immediately preceding sentence do not have an individual principal amount in excess of 1,000,000 or an aggregate principal amount (together with any amounts evidenced by Instruments or Tangible Chattel Paper as described in Section 3.4(a) above) in excess of 2,000,000. The Collateral Agent agrees with such Pledgor that the Collateral Agent will arrange, pursuant to procedures reasonably satisfactory to the Collat e ral Ag e nt Required Lenders and so long as such procedures will not result in the Collateral Agent s loss of control, for the Pledgor to make alterations to the Electronic Chattel Paper or transferable record permitted under Section 9-105 of the UCC or, as the case may be, Section 201 of the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act or Section 16 of the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act for a party in control to allow without loss of control, unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. (e) Letter-of-Credit Rights. The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that under no circumstances shall any Pledgor hereunder be under any obligation to take any perfection steps (other than the filing of appropriate financing statements under the Uniform Commercial Code) with respect to any security interest granted in any letter of credit under which any Pledgor is a beneficiary. (f) Commercial Tort Claims . As of the date hereof, each Pledgor hereby represents and warrants that it holds no Commercial Tort Claims having a value reasonably believed by the Pledgors to be in excess of 1,000,000, other than those listed on Schedule 6 hereto. If any Pledgor shall at any time hold or acquire a Commercial Tort Claim having a value reasonably believed by the Pledgors to be in excess of 1,000,000, such Pledgor shall promptly (and in any event within ten (10) Business Days of acquiring such Commercial Tort Claim or such later date as may be agreed to in writing by the Collateral Ag e nt in its Required Lenders in their sole discretion) notify the Collateral Agent in writing signed by such Pledgor of the brief details thereof, provide a supplement to Schedule 15 to the Perfection Certificate and grant to the Collateral Agent in such writing a security interest therein and in the Proceeds thereof, all upon the terms of this Agreement, with such writing to be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collat e ral Ag e nt Required Lenders . Unless otherwise agreed, the grant of a security interest in any such Commercial Tort Claim shall not prejudice the right of such Pledgor to prosecute, enforce or exercise any of its rights in connection with such Commercial Tort Claim, which it will continue to enjoy until an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. SECTION 3.5 Joinder of Additional Guarantors. The Pledgors shall cause each Subsidiary of the Borrower that, from time to time, after the date hereof shall be required to become a Guarantor for the benefit of the Secured Parties pursuant to Section 5.10 of the Credit Agreement, to execute and deliver to the Collateral Agent (i) a Joinder Agreement within thirty (30) days after the date on which it was acquired or created (or such later date as may be agreed in writing by the Collateral Agent in its Required Lenders in their discretion) and (ii) a Perfection Certificate within thirty (30) days after the date on which it was acquired or created (without duplication of any Perfection Certificate Supplement that is delivered in connection with a Permitted Acquisition or Permitted Intellectual Property Asset Acquisition) (or such later date as may be agreed in writing by the Collateral Agent in its Required Lenders in their sole discretion) and, upon such execution and delivery, such Subsidiary shall constitute a Guarantor and a Pledgor for all purposes under the Credit Agreement and hereunder with the same force and effect as if originally named as a Guarantor and Pledgor therein and herein. The execution and delivery 
 16 

of such Joinder Agreement shall not require the consent of any Pledgor hereunder. The rights and obligations of each Pledgor hereunder shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding the addition of any new Guarantor and Pledgor as a party to this Agreement, any other Loan Document, any Specified Hedging Agreement or Bank Product Agreement. SECTION 3.6 Supplements; Further Assurances. Subject to the limitations set forth in the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, each Pledgor shall take such further actions, and execute and deliver to the Collateral Agent such additional assignments, agreements, supplements, powers and instruments, as the Collateral Agent or the Required Lenders may in its their respective reasonable judgment deem necessary, wherever required by applicable Legal Requirements, in order to create, perfect, preserve and protect, under the laws of the United States or any of its States or territories, the security interest in the Pledged Collateral as provided herein (subject to the terms, provisions, and limitations herein) and the rights and interests granted to the Collateral Agent hereunder, to carry into effect the purposes hereof or better to assure and confirm the validity, enforceability and priority of the Collateral Agent s security interest in the Pledged Collateral or permit the Collateral Agent to exercise and enforce its rights, powers and remedies hereunder with respect to any Pledged Collateral, including the filing of financing statements, continuation statements and other documents (including this Agreement) under the Uniform Commercial Code (or other similar laws) in effect in any jurisdiction with respect to the security interest created hereby, all in form reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent Required Lenders and in such offices located in the United States or any of its States or territories (including the USPTO and USCO) wherever required by the laws of the United States or any of its States or territories to perfect, continue and maintain the validity, enforceability and priority of the security interest in the Pledged Collateral as provided herein and to preserve the other rights and interests granted to the Collateral Agent hereunder, as against third parties, with respect to the Pledged Collateral. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Pledgor shall make, execute, endorse, acknowledge, file or refile and/or deliver to the Collateral Agent from time to time upon reasonable request of the Required Lenders such lists, descriptions and designations of the Pledged Collateral, copies of warehouse receipts, receipts in the nature of warehouse receipts, bills of lading, documents of title, vouchers, invoices, schedules, confirmatory assignments, supplements, additional security agreements, conveyances, financing statements, transfer endorsements, powers of attorney, certificates, reports and other assurances or instruments as the Collateral Agent or the Required Lenders shall reasonably request. If an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Collateral Agent may institute and maintain, in its own name or in the name of any Pledgor, such suits and proceedings as the Collateral Agent or the Required Lenders may be advised by counsel (which may be internal counsel) shall be necessary or reasonably appropriate to prevent any impairment of the security interest in the Pledged Collateral or the perfection or priority thereof. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Loan Document, the parties hereto acknowledge and agree that no Pledgor shall be required to grant any security interest or take any perfection steps with respect to the security interests granted hereunder or under any other Loan Document if the Collateral Agent determines that the costs of granting or perfecting a security interest therein, as applicable, are excessive in relation to the value of the security afforded thereby. All of the foregoing shall be at the sole cost and expense of the Pledgors. ARTICLE IV REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS Each Pledgor represents, warrants and covenants as follows (it being acknowledged and agreed that each reference in the representations and warranties of this Article IV to a Schedule of the Perfection Certificate, shall be taken as a reference to such Schedule as contained in the most recently updated or supplemented Perfection Certificate in effect at the time such representation and warranty is made): SECTION 4.1 Title. Except for the security interest granted to the Collateral Agent for the ratable benefit of the Secured Parties pursuant to this Agreement and Permitted Liens, such Pledgor owns (or, in 
 17 

the case of the Intellectual Property Collateral, either owns or has a License to) and, as to Pledged Collateral acquired by it from time to time after the date hereof, will either own or hold a License to, the rights in each item of Pledged Collateral pledged by it hereunder free and clear of any and all Liens or claims of others, except for those failures to own or have a License which would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Such Pledgor has not filed, nor authorized any third party to file, a financing statement or other public notice with respect to all or any part of the Pledged Collateral on file or of record in any public office, except such as have been filed in favor of the Collateral Agent pursuant to this Agreement, as have been filed in connection with Permitted Liens or as are otherwise permitted by the Credit Agreement or financing statements or public notices relating to the termination statements listed on Schedule 7 hereto. No person other than the Collateral Agent has, or will have, control or possession of all or any part of the Pledged Collateral, except in connection with Permitted Liens or as otherwise expressly permitted by the Loan Documents. SECTION 4.2 Validity of Security Interest. The security interest in and Lien on the Pledged Collateral granted to the Collateral Agent for the ratable benefit of the Secured Parties hereunder constitutes (a) a legal and valid security interest under applicable U.S. federal and state law in all the Pledged Collateral securing the payment and performance of the Secured Obligations, and (b) subject to the filings and other actions described in Schedule 1 hereto, a valid, enforceable (except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws relating to or limiting creditors rights generally or by general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law), perfected first priority security interest (other than, as to priority, Permitted Liens) in all the Pledged Collateral with respect to which a lien may be perfected by filing a financing statement, a recording of such lien filed with the United States Patent and Trademark Office or the United States Copyright Office, possession or the execution and delivery of a Control Agreement. The security interest and Lien granted to the Collateral Agent for the ratable benefit of the Secured Parties pursuant to this Agreement in and on the Pledged Collateral will at all times constitute a valid, enforceable (except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws relating to or limiting creditors rights generally or by general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law), perfected, continuing first priority security interest therein, subject, as to priority, only to Permitted Liens. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any of the Loan Documents, any Specified Hedging Agreements or any Bank Product Agreements, other than as required under Section 5.10 of the Credit Agreement, no Loan Party shall be required to take any actions nor shall be deemed to make any representation, in each case under any Security Document with respect to any requirements of foreign Legal Requirements that may affect the validity or perfection of any security interest purported to be granted under any Security Document. SECTION 4.3 Defense of Claims; Transferability of Pledged Collateral. Each Pledgor shall, at its own cost and expense, defend title to the Pledged Collateral pledged by it hereunder and the security interest therein and Lien thereon granted to the Collateral Agent and the priority thereof against all claims and demands of all persons, at its own cost and expense, at any time claiming any interest therein adverse to the Collateral Agent or any other Secured Party other than Permitted Liens. There is no agreement that materially restricts the transferability of any of the Pledged Collateral or otherwise materially impairs or conflicts with any Pledgor s obligations or the rights of the Collateral Agent hereunder, and the Pledgors shall not enter into any agreement or take any other action that would materially restrict the transferability of any material Pledged Collateral or otherwise materially impair or conflict with any Pledgor s obligations or the rights of the Collateral Agent hereunder. SECTION 4.4 Other Financing Statements. No Pledgor has filed nor authorized any third party to file any valid or effective financing statement (or similar statement or instrument of registration under the law of any jurisdiction of the United States or any of its States or territories) covering or purporting to cover any interest of any kind in the Pledged Collateral, except such as have been filed in favor of the Collateral Agent pursuant to this Agreement or in favor of any holder of a Permitted Lien with respect to such Permitted Lien, financing statements relating to the termination statements listed on Schedule 7 hereto or financing 
 18 

statements relating to termination statements. So long as any of the Secured Obligations remain unpaid and unperformed (other than any contingent indemnification obligations under the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents), no Pledgor shall execute, authorize or permit to be filed in any public office any financing statement (or similar statement or instrument of registration under the law of any jurisdiction of the United States or any of its States or territories) relating to any Pledged Collateral, except financing statements and other statements and instruments filed or to be filed in respect of and covering the security interests granted by such Pledgor to the holder(s) of Permitted Liens. SECTION 4.5 Chief Executive Office; Change of Name; Jurisdiction of Organization, etc. Except to the extent permitted under Section 6.05 of the Credit Agreement, such Pledgor shall (i) not change its name, identity, legal structure (whether by merger, consolidation, change in corporate form or otherwise), type of organization or jurisdiction of organization, place of business or, if more than one, chief executive office, or mailing address or organizational identification number if it has one unless it shall have given the Collateral Agent written notice within thirty (30) days after such change which notice shall include the date that such change occurred or shall occur and (ii) take all actions necessary or advisable to maintain the continuous validity, perfection and the same priority of the Collateral Agent s security interest in the Pledged Collateral granted or intended to be granted hereunder, which in the case of any merger or other change in organizational structure shall include delivering a written notice upon completion of such merger or other change in organizational structure confirming the grant of the security interest under this Agreement; provided , however , that delivery of notice shall not be required pursuant to this clause (ii) if notice is delivered pursuant to clause (i) above and such merger or other change in organizational structure occurs on the date specified in such notice. If such Pledgor does not have an organizational identification number and later obtains one, such Pledgor shall promptly (and, in any event, within thirty (30) days) notify the Collateral Agent of such organizational identification number. The Collateral Agent may rely on opinions of counsel to be provided by the Pledgors, at the Pledgors sole cost and expense, as to whether any or all UCC financing statements of the Pledgors need to be amended as a result of any of the changes described in this Section 4.5 . Subject to Section 10.1(ii), the Collateral Agent shall not be liable or responsible to any party for any failure to maintain a valid, enforceable, perfected security interest with the priority required hereunder in such Pledgor s property constituting Pledged Collateral. The Collateral Agent shall have no duty to inquire about such changes, the parties acknowledging and agreeing that it would not be feasible or practical for the Collateral Agent to search for information on such changes if such information is not provided by any Pledgor. SECTION 4.6 Location of Inventory and Equipment. As of the date hereof, all Equipment and Inventory (other than Equipment and Inventory out for repair, in transit, at other locations in connection with repair or refurbishment thereof in the ordinary course of business, in the possession of employees of the Pledgors in the ordinary course of business or having a fair market value in the aggregate of less than 2,000,000) of such Pledgor is located at the chief executive office or such other location listed in Section I of the Perfection Certificate. Such Pledgor shall not move any Equipment or Inventory (other than Equipment and Inventory out for repair, in transit, at other locations in connection with repair or refurbishment thereof in the ordinary course of business, in the possession of employees of the Pledgors in the ordinary course of business or having a fair market value in the aggregate of less than 2,000,000) to any other location until (i) it shall have given the Collateral Agent written notice within thirty (30) days after such move (in the form of an Officers Certificate) of its having done so or intention so to do, clearly describing such new location and providing such other information in connection therewith as the Collateral Agent may reasonably request and (ii) with respect to such new location, such Pledgor shall have taken all action reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent to maintain the perfection and priority of the security interest of the Collateral Agent in the Pledged Collateral intended to be granted hereby. SECTION 4.7 Corporate Names; Prior Transactions. Except as set forth in Section I of the Perfection Certificate, as of the date hereof, such Pledgor has not, during the past five years, been known by or used any other corporate or fictitious name or been a party to any merger or consolidation, or acquired all or substantially all of the assets of any person. 
 19 

SECTION 4.8 Due Authorization and Issuance. All of the Initial Pledged Shares have been, and to the extent any Pledged Shares are hereafter issued, such Pledged Shares will be, upon such issuance, duly authorized, validly issued and fully paid and non-assessable. All of the Initial Pledged Interests have been fully paid for, and there is no amount or other obligation owing by any Pledgor to any issuer of the Initial Pledged Interests in exchange for or in connection with the issuance of the Initial Pledged Interests or any Pledgor s status as a partner or a member of any issuer of the Initial Pledged Interests. SECTION 4.9 Consents, etc. No consent of any party (including equityholders or creditors of such Pledgor) and no consent, authorization, approval, license or other action by, and no notice (other than any notice required pursuant to Article 9 of the UCC or otherwise set forth in this Agreement) to or filing with, any Governmental Authority or regulatory body or other person is required for the exercise by the Collateral Agent of (i) the voting or other rights provided for in this Agreement or (ii) the remedies in respect of the Pledged Collateral pursuant to this Agreement, except (A) as may be required in connection with such disposition of Investment Property, Pledged Interests, Pledged Shares or Pledged Securities by laws affecting the offering and sale of securities generally, (B) consents and approvals already obtained as of the date hereof and (C) the filing of financing statements and other filings necessary to perfect the security interest granted hereby. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, if the Collateral Agent desires to exercise any remedies, voting or consensual rights or attorney-in-fact powers set forth in this Agreement and determines it necessary to obtain any approvals or consents of any Governmental Authority or regulatory body or any other person therefor, then, upon the reasonable request of the Collateral Agent, each Pledgor agrees to assist and aid the Collateral Agent to obtain as soon as practicable any necessary approvals or consents for the exercise of any such remedies, rights and powers. SECTION 4.10 Pledged Collateral. All information set forth herein, including the schedules annexed hereto, and all information contained in any documents, schedules and lists heretofore delivered to any Secured Party, including the Perfection Certificate and the schedules thereto, in connection with this Agreement, in each case, relating to the Pledged Collateral, is accurate and complete in all material respects. SECTION 4.11 Insurance. In the event that the proceeds of any insurance claim with respect to the Pledged Collateral are paid after the Collateral Agent has exercised its right to foreclose after an Event of Default, such Net Cash Proceeds shall be held in trust for the benefit of the Collateral Agent and immediately after receipt thereof shall be paid to the Collateral Agent to satisfy in accordance with the terms of the Credit Agreement, the other Loan Documents, the Specified Hedging Agreements and any Bank Product Agreement any deficiency remaining after such foreclosure. The Collateral Agent shall retain its interest in the insurance policies and coverages required to be maintained pursuant to the Credit Agreement during any such redemption period. SECTION 4.12 Payment of Taxes; Compliance with Legal Requirements; Contesting Liens; Charges. Each Pledgor may at its own expense contest the validity, amount or applicability of any Charges so long as the contest thereof shall be conducted in accordance with, and not prohibited pursuant to the provisions of, the Credit Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence, (i) no contest of any such obligation may be pursued by such Pledgor if such contest would reasonably be expected to expose the Collateral Agent or any other Secured Party to (A) any criminal liability or (B) any civil liability for failure to comply with such obligations unless such Pledgor shall have furnished a bond or other security therefor satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, or such Secured Party, as the case may be, and (ii) if at any time payment or performance of any obligation contested by such Pledgor pursuant to this Section 4.12 shall become reasonably necessary to prevent the imposition of remedies because of non-payment, such Pledgor shall pay or perform the same in sufficient time to prevent the imposition of remedies in respect of such default or prospective default. SECTION 4.13 Access to Pledged Collateral, Books and Records; Other Information. Each Pledgor will permit any representatives designated by the Collateral Agent, the Administrative Agent or a Secured Party as often as reasonably requested (except not more frequently in the case of any Secured Party (but not 
 20 

the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent or the Required Lenders )) than once in any 12-month period unless a Default or Event of Default has occurred and is then continuing) upon reasonable prior written notice (except no such advance notice shall be required ifan Event of Default has occurred and is then continuing), in each case, to visit and inspect the financial records and the Property of such Pledgor at reasonable times during regular business hours and to make extracts from and copies of such financial records, and permit any representatives designated by the Administrative Agent or any Secured Party to discuss the affairs, finances, accounts and condition of any Pledgor with the officers and employees thereof and Advisors thereof as long as representatives of Borrower have been given the reasonable opportunity to attend any such discussions; provided , that so long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is then continuing, Borrower shall not bear the cost of more than one such inspection in any 12-month period by each of (x) the Administrative Agent or (y) Secured Parties as a group (or their respective representatives). Such Pledgor shall, at any and all times, within a reasonable time after written request by the Collateral Agent or the Required Lenders , furnish or cause to be furnished to the Collateral Agent, in such manner and in such detail as may be reasonably requested by the Collateral Agent or the Required Lenders , additional information with respect to the Pledged Collateral. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 4.13, no Pledgor will be required to disclose or permit the inspection or discussion of any document, information or other matter (i) that constitutes non-financial trade secrets or non-financial proprietary information, (ii) in respect of which disclosure to the Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent or any Secured Party (or their respective representatives or contractors) is prohibited by any Legal Requirement or any binding agreement with a third party (provided that, with respect to any such binding agreement with a third party, the Borrower shall upon request from the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders have used commercially reasonable efforts to obtain a waiver of any such prohibition) or (iii) that is subject to attorney client or similar privilege or constitutes attorney work product. ARTICLE V CERTAIN PROVISIONS CONCERNING SECURITIES COLLATERAL SECTION 5.1 Pledge of Additional Securities Collateral. Each Pledgor shall, upon obtaining any Pledged Securities or Intercompany Notes of any person in a principal amount greater than 500,000 (other than Excluded Assets), accept the same in trust for the benefit of the Collateral Agent and promptly (and in any event within fifteen (15) Business Days (30 Business Day with respect to any Pledged Securities constituting equity of a Foreign Subsidiary) thereafter or such later date as may be agreed to in writing by the Collateral Agent in its Required Lenders in their sole discretion) deliver to the Collateral Agent a Securities Pledge Amendment, duly executed by such Pledgor, and the certificates and other documents required under Section 3.1 and Section 3.2 in respect of such additional Pledged Securities or Intercompany Notes that are to be pledged pursuant to this Agreement, and confirming the grant and attachment of the Lien hereby created on and in respect of such additional Pledged Securities or Intercompany Notes; provided, however, that the failure to deliver such Securities Pledge Amendment shall not affect the validity of the security interest granted hereunder. Each Pledgor hereby authorizes the Collateral Agent to attach each Securities Pledge Amendment to this Agreement and agrees that all Pledged Securities or Intercompany Notes listed on any Securities Pledge Amendment delivered to the Collateral Agent shall for all purposes hereunder be considered Pledged Collateral. SECTION 5.2 Voting Rights; Distributions; etc.. (i) So long as (A) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and (B) the Borrow e r shall not hav e r e c e iv e d notic e from th e Collateral Agent - er , the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders shall not have sent notice to the Borrower revoking such rights, and subject to the provisions of Section 5.2(ii) : (A) each Pledgor shall be entitled to exercise any and all voting and other consensual rights pertaining to the Securities Collateral or any part thereof for any purpose not inconsistent with the terms or purposes 
 21 

of this Agreement, the other Loan Documents, the Specified Hedging Agreements, any Bank Product Agreement or any other document evidencing the Secured Obligations; provided , however , that no Pledgor shall in any event exercise such rights in any manner that is adverse to the interests of any Agent or Lender in any material respect; and (B) each Pledgor shall be entitled to receive and retain, and to utilize free and clear of the Lien hereof, any and all Distributions, but only if and to the extent made in accordance with the provisions of the Credit Agreement; provided, however , that any and all such Distributions consisting of rights or interests in the form of certificated Pledged Securities or Intercompany Notes shall promptly (and in any event within (10) Business Days after receipt thereof or such later date as may be agreed to in writing by the Collat e ral Ag e nt in its Required Lenders in their discretion) be delivered to the Collateral Agent (or its non-fiduciary agent or designee) to hold as Pledged Collateral and shall, if received by any Pledgor, be received in trust for the benefit of the Collateral Agent, be segregated from the other property or funds of such Pledgor and be promptly (and in any event within ten (10) Business Days after receipt thereof or such later date as may be agreed to in writing by the Collat e ral Ag e nt in its Required Lenders in their discretion) delivered to the Collateral Agent (or its non-fiduciary agent or designee) as Pledged Collateral in the same form as so received (with any necessary or reasonably requested endorsement). (ii) Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default upon contemporaneous written notice from the Collateral Agent or the Required Lenders to the Borrower revoking the rights set forth in Section 5.2(i): (A) all rights of each Pledgor to exercise the voting and other consensual rights it would otherwise be entitled to exercise pursuant to Section 5.2(i)(A) shall cease, and all such rights shall thereupon become vested in the Collateral Agent, which shall thereupon have the sole right to exercise such voting and other consensual rights until the applicable Event of Default is no longer continuing, at which time all such rights automatically shall revert to such Pledgor, and in which case the Collateral Agent s rights under this Section 5.2(ii)(A) shall cease to be effective, subject to revesting in the event of a subsequent Event of Default that is continuing and upon prior or contemporaneous written notice from the Collateral Agent; provided that the foregoing clause (A) shall not apply with respect to (and this clause (A) shall not b e constru e d as a r e striction of) any voting and or cons e nsual rights such Pl e dgor is e ntitl e d to e x e rcis e in conn e ction with th e approval, paym e nt and/or accrual of Distributions th e n p e rmitt e d und e r Section 6.08 of the Credit Agreement; and and (B) all rights of each Pledgor to receive Distributions that it would otherwise be authorized to receive and retain pursuant to Section 5.2(i)(B) without further action shall cease and all such rights shall thereupon become vested in the Collateral Agent, which shall thereupon have the sole right to receive and hold as Pledged Collateral such Distributions until the applicable Event of Default is no longer continuing, in which case the Collateral Agent s rights under this Section 5.2(ii)(B) shall cease to be effective, subject to revesting in the event of a subsequent Event of Default that is continuing and upon prior or contemporaneous written notice from the Collateral Agent ; provided , that e ach Pl e dgor shall b e entitled to receive and retain, and to utilize any and all Distributions to the extent permitted to be made upon th e occurr e nc e and during th e continuanc e of an Ev e nt of D e fault in accordanc e with th e provisions of the Credit Agreement. . (iii) Each Pledgor shall, at its sole cost and expense, from time to time execute and deliver to the Collateral Agent appropriate instruments as the Collateral Agent or the Required Lenders may reasonably request in order to permit the Collateral Agent to exercise the voting and other rights which it may be entitled to exercise pursuant to Section 5.2(ii)(A) and to receive all Distributions which it may be entitled to receive under Section 5.2(ii)(B) . (iv) All Distributions that are received by any Pledgor contrary to the provisions of Section 5.2(ii)(B) shall be received in trust for the benefit of the Collateral Agent, shall be segregated from the other funds of such Pledgor and shall immediately be paid over to the Collateral Agent as Pledged Collateral in 
 22 

the same form as so received (with any necessary or reasonably requested endorsement). SECTION 5.3 Organizational Documents. As of the date hereof, each Pledgor has delivered to the Collateral Agent true and complete copies of the Organizational Documents of such Pledgor. As of the date hereof, the Organizational Documents of the Pledgors are in full force and effect, have not as of the date hereof been amended or modified except as disclosed in writing to the Collateral Agent, and there is no existing default by such Pledgor or, to the knowledge of such Pledgor, any other party thereunder or any event which, with the giving of notice or passage of time or both, would constitute a default under any Organizational Documents. SECTION 5.4 Default. As of the date hereof, such Pledgor is not in default in the payment of any portion of any mandatory capital contribution, if any, required to be made under any agreement to which such Pledgor is a party relating to the Pledged Securities pledged by it, and, as of the date hereof, such Pledgor is not in violation of any other provisions of any such agreement to which such Pledgor is a party, or otherwise in default or violation thereunder that would be adverse to the interests of the Collateral Agent, the Lenders or the Secured Parties in any material respect. As of the date hereof, no Securities Collateral pledged by such Pledgor is subject to any defense, offset or counterclaim, nor have any of the foregoing, to the best of such Pledgor s knowledge, been asserted or alleged against such Pledgor by any person with respect thereto, and as of the date hereof, there are no certificates, instruments, documents or other writings (other than the Organizational Documents of such Pledgor and certificates representing Pledged Securities, if any, delivered to the Collateral Agent) which evidence any Pledged Securities of such Pledgor. SECTION 5.5 Certain Agreements of Pledgors as Issuers and Holders of Equity Interests. (i) In the case of each Pledgor that is an issuer of Securities Collateral, such Pledgor agrees to be bound by the terms of this Agreement relating to the Securities Collateral issued by it and will comply with such terms insofar as such terms are applicable to it. (ii) In the case of each Pledgor that is a partner, member or holder of any Equity Interests in a partnership, limited liability company or other entity, such Pledgor hereby consents to the extent permitted by applicable law and required by the applicable Organizational Documents of such Pledgor to the pledge by each other Pledgor, pursuant to the terms hereof, of the Pledged Interests in such partnership, limited liability company or other entity and, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, to (upon d e liv e ry of at l e ast on e Busin e ss Day s prior prior or contemporaneous written notice by the Collateral Agent to the applicable Pledgor) the transfer of such Pledged Interests to the Collateral Agent or its nominee and to the substitution of the Collateral Agent or its nominee as a substituted partner, member or holder of Equity Interests in such partnership, limited liability company or other entity with all the rights, powers and duties of a general partner, a limited partner, member or holder of Equity Interests, as the case may be. (iii) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein immediately after the cure or waiver of any such Event of Default, the Collateral Agent shall, promptly upon the request and at the expense of the Pledgors, transfer and/or register such Pledged Securities in the name of the applicable Pledgor. ARTICLE VI CERTAIN PROVISIONS CONCERNING INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY SECTION 6.1 Grant of License. For the purpose of enabling the Collateral Agent, solely upon the occurrence of and during the continuance of an Event of Default, to exercise rights and remedies under Article VIII hereof at such time as the Collateral Agent shall be lawfully entitled to exercise such rights and remedies, and for no other purpose, each Pledgor hereby grants to the Collateral Agent, in each case, to the 
 23 

extent owned or sublicensable, exercisable solely upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, an irrevocable (subject to termination under Section 10.4) , non-exclusive worldwide license (exercisable without payment of royalty or other compensation to such Pledgor) to use, license or sublicense the Intellectual Property now owned or hereafter owned or licensed by such Pledgor (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any License that by its terms is prohibited from being so licensed to the extent constituting Excluded Assets), wherever the same may be located; subject to reasonable quality control provisions in connection with the goods and services offered under the Trademarks sufficient to avoid the risk of cancellation, voiding, or invalidation of such Trademarks. Such license shall include access to all media in which any of the licensed items may be recorded or stored and to all computer programs used for the compilation or printout hereof. SECTION 6.2 Scheduled Intellectual Property. Each Pledgor represents and warrants that on and as of the Closing Date, (a) a Pledgor owns all right, title and interest in and to, and possesses the right to use (A) all issued patents, pending patent applications, and other patents issued from or patent applications pending in all foreign patent-granting authorities, as listed on Schedule 8(a) hereto, (B) all registered trademarks, trademark applications, and other trademarks registered with or trademark applications pending in an authority other than the USPTO, as listed on Schedule 8(b) hereto, and (C) all registered copyrights and copyright applications pending at the USCO, as listed on Schedule 8(c) hereto, and (b) all licenses granting to a Pledgor any exclusive right with respect to any copyrighted work owned by a third party Exclusive Copyright Licenses are listed on Schedule 8(d) hereto; and (c) except as set forth on Schedule 8 hereto, all such scheduled Intellectual Property Collateral (but excluding Exclusive Copyright Licenses) has not been abandoned and, to the knowledge of each Pledgor, is valid, subsisting and in full force and effect; excepting therefrom, in each case of (A) through (C), the failure of which to comply herewith, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Each Pledgor represents and warrants that the Intellectual Property Collateral listed on Schedule 8(a)-(d) hereto represents all (1) issued patents, pending patent applications, and other patents issued from or patent applications pending in all foreign patent-granting authorities, (2) all registered trademarks, trademark applications, and other trademarks registered with or trademark applications pending in an authority other than the USPTO, (3) all registered copyrights and copyright applications pending at the USCO, and (4) all Exclusive Copyright Licenses, in each case that are owned by a Pledgor or to which a Pledgor is a party on and as of the Closing Date. SECTION 6.3 No Violations or Proceedings. Each Pledgor represents and warrants that (a) to the knowledge of each Pledgor, there is no violation, misappropriation, dilution or infringement by others of any right of such Pledgor with respect to any Intellectual Property Collateral, other than such violations, misappropriations, dilutions or infringements, individually or in the aggregate, that would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (b) to the knowledge of each Pledgor, (i) such Pledgor is not infringing upon, diluting or misappropriating or otherwise violating any Intellectual Property right of any other person, and (ii) such Pledgor is not in breach of, or in default under, any license of Intellectual Property to such Pledgor, except in any case of (i) or (ii) where such infringement, misappropriation, dilution, violation, breach or default, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect and (c) within the six (6) years immediately preceding the Closing Date (or earlier if currently pending), no proceedings have been instituted against any Pledgor, or to such Pledgor s knowledge, are threatened, and no written claim against any Pledgor has been received by any Pledgor, alleging any such infringement, misappropriation, dilution, violation, breach or default, except to the extent that such proceedings or claims, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. SECTION 6.4 Protection of Collateral Agent s Security. On a continuing basis, each Pledgor shall, at its sole cost and expense, (i) promptly following its becoming aware thereof, notify the Collateral Agent of (A) the institution of any material proceeding or any material adverse determination in the USPTO and USCO, or in any equivalent intellectual property agency or office in any foreign country, with respect to any Intellectual Property Collateral owned by such Pledgor and material to the operation of the business of 
 24 

any Pledgor (excluding ordinary course pre-grant or pre-registration Office actions) or (B) the institution of any material proceeding or any material adverse determination in any federal, state, local or foreign court or legal body regarding the validity or enforceability of, or such Pledgor s claim of ownership in or right to use any of, the Intellectual Property Collateral owned by such Pledgor and material to the operation of the business of any Pledgor, (ii) maintain and protect the Intellectual Property Collateral material to the operation of the business of any Pledgor, (iii) not permit to lapse or become abandoned any owned Intellectual Property Collateral material to the operation of the business of any Pledgor, and not settle or compromise any pending or future litigation or administrative proceeding with respect to any Intellectual Property Collateral material to the operation of the business of any Pledgor without the prior written consent of the Collateral Agent (excluding ex parte pre-grant or pre-registration proceedings in the USPTO and USCO, or in any equivalent intellectual property agency or office in any foreign country), (iv) upon such Pledgor obtaining knowledge thereof, promptly notify the Collateral Agent in writing of any event that may be reasonably expected to adversely affect the value or utility of the Intellectual Property Collateral or any portion thereof, the ability of such Pledgor or the Collateral Agent to dispose of such Intellectual Property Collateral or any portion thereof or the rights and remedies of the Collateral Agent in relation thereto including a levy or written threat of levy or any legal process against such Intellectual Property Collateral owned or licensed by such Pledgor or any portion thereof, in each case in this subsection (iv), if such Intellectual Property Collateral is material to the operation of the business of any Pledgor, (v) not enter into any settlement, covenant not to sue, or other agreement, or any Order that would impair the validity or enforceability of the Intellectual Property Collateral owned by such Pledgor, or impair such Pledgor s ownership of the Intellectual Property Collateral owned by such Pledgor, in each case, if such Intellectual Property Collateral is material to the operation of the business of any Pledgor, (vi) diligently keep reasonable records respecting the Intellectual Property Collateral for the purpose of fulfilling all information reporting obligations in this Agreement respecting the Intellectual Property Collateral, (vii) furnish to the Collateral Agent from time to time, upon the Collat e ral Ag e nt s reasonable request of the Collateral Agent or the Required Lenders , reasonably detailed statements and amended schedules further identifying and describing the Intellectual Property Collateral and such other materials evidencing or reports pertaining to the Intellectual Property Collateral as the Collateral Agent or the Required Lenders may from time to time reasonably request, and (viii) ensure that such Pledgor s use of any Open Source Software does not obligate any Pledgor to (A) disclose or distribute any Pledgor s proprietary Software, (B) license or authorize any person to use on a royalty-free basis any Pledgor s proprietary Software, (C) grant any rights in any Pledgor s proprietary Software to any person, including non-assertion rights, or (D) permit any licensee of any Pledgor s proprietary Software to modify or make derivative works of such proprietary Software in an unauthorized manner, if such Intellectual Property Collateral is material to the operation of the business of any Pledgor. SECTION 6.5 After-Acquired Property. If any Pledgor shall, at any time before the Secured Obligations have been paid and performed in full (other than contingent indemnification obligations that, pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement, the other Loan Documents, any Specified Hedging Agreement, any Bank Product Agreement, or the Security Documents, survive the termination thereof), (i) obtain any rights to any additional Intellectual Property Collateral or (ii) become entitled to the benefit of any additional Intellectual Property Collateral or extension thereof, including any reissue, division, continuation, or continuation-in-part of any Intellectual Property Collateral, or any improvement on any Intellectual Property Collateral, the provisions hereof shall automatically apply thereto and any such item enumerated in clause (i) or (ii) of this sentence with respect to such Pledgor shall automatically constitute Intellectual Property Collateral if such would have constituted Intellectual Property Collateral at the time of execution hereof and be subject to the Lien and security interest created by this Agreement without further action by any party. Each Pledgor shall, at the time of the delivery of the financial statements required by Section 5.01(a), (b) and (h) of the Credit Agreement, (i) provide to the Collateral Agent written notice of any of the foregoing and (ii) confirm the attachment of the Lien and security interest created by this Agreement to any rights described in clauses (i) and (ii) of the immediately preceding sentence of this Section 6.5 by execution of an instrument in form reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent and, 
 25 

pursuant to Section 2.2(c) hereof, assist the Collateral Agent in the filing of the instruments and documents provided for therein. Further, each Pledgor authorizes the Collateral Agent to modify this Agreement by amending Schedule 8(a)-(c) hereto to include any Intellectual Property Collateral, of the type required to be set forth therein, acquired or arising after the date hereof of such Pledgor. SECTION 6.6 Litigation. Unless there shall occur and be continuing any Event of Default, each Pledgor shall have the right to commence and prosecute in its own name, as the party in interest, for its own benefit and at the sole cost and expense of the Pledgors, such applications for protection of the Intellectual Property Collateral and suits, proceedings or other actions to prevent the infringement, counterfeiting, unfair competition, dilution, diminution in value or other damage as are necessary to protect the Intellectual Property Collateral. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, to the extent permissible by law, the Collateral Agent shall have the right but shall in no way be obligated to file applications for protection of the Intellectual Property Collateral and/or bring suit in the name of any Pledgor, the Collateral Agent or the Secured Parties to enforce the Intellectual Property Collateral and any license thereunder. In the event of such suit, each Pledgor shall, at the reasonable request of the Collateral Agent, do any and all lawful acts and execute any and all documents reasonably requested by the Collateral Agent in aid of such enforcement and the Pledgors shall promptly reimburse and indemnify the Collateral Agent for all costs and expenses incurred by the Collateral Agent in the exercise of its rights under this Section 6.6 in accordance with Section 11.03 of the Credit Agreement. In the event that, upon the occurrence of and during the continuance of any Event of Default, the Collateral Agent shall elect not to bring such suit to enforce the Intellectual Property Collateral, each Pledgor agrees, at the reasonable request of the Collateral Agent or the Required Lenders , to take all reasonable actions, whether by suit, proceeding or other action, such Pledgor, in its reasonable business judgment, deems necessary and appropriate to prevent the infringement, counterfeiting, unfair competition, dilution, diminution in value of or other damage by others to any Intellectual Property Collateral material to the operation of the business of any Pledgor and for that purpose agrees, subject to the foregoing qualifications, to diligently maintain any such suit, proceeding or other action to prevent such infringement, counterfeiting, unfair competition, dilution, diminution in value of or other damage. SECTION 6.7 Intent-to-Use Trademark and Service Mark Applications. In connection with any intent-to-use trademark or service mark applications, whether listed on Schedule 8(b) hereto or otherwise, the Pledgors shall, following the date of first use in commerce of the Trademark that is the subject of such application, promptly file a bona fide statement of use or amendment to allege use and promptly take such other actions or steps as shall be required by the USPTO to entitle such application for registration, in each case, unless such trademark or service mark is not material to the operation of the business of the applicable Pledgor. Upon filing of such bona fide statement of use or amendment to allege use with, and acceptance thereof by, the USPTO, such application shall automatically become subject to the security interest granted herein. Each Pledgor shall, at the time of the delivery of the financial statements required by Section 5.01(a), (b) and (c) of the Credit Agreement, (i) provide to the Collateral Agent written notice of any of the foregoing and (ii) confirm the attachment of the Lien and security interest created therein by execution of an instrument in form reasonably acceptable to the Collat e ral Ag e nt Required Lenders and, pursuant to Section 2.2(c) hereof, assist the Collateral Agent in the filing of the instruments and documents provided for therein. Further, each Pledgor authorizes the Collateral Agent to modify this Agreement by amending Schedule 8(a) - (c) hereto to include any such Intellectual Property Collateral. If the Pledgors fail to execute such further documents and instruments with respect to such applications within ten (10) Business Days of presentment (or such longer period as may be agreed to in writing by the Collateral Agent Required Lenders (during which time the Collateral Agent shall use reasonable efforts to consult with such Pledgor in determining the accuracy of the information contained in such instruments or documents), the Collateral Agent may, in the name of, and on behalf of, the Pledgors, execute such documents and instruments, and the Pledgors hereby irrevocably appoint the Collateral Agent as their lawful attorney-in-fact with full power to do so. The foregoing power of attorney is coupled with an interest and such appointment shall be irrevocable for the term hereof. 
 26 

ARTICLE VII CERTAIN PROVISIONS CONCERNING ACCOUNTS SECTION 7.1 Special Representation and Warranties. As of the time when each of its Accounts arises, each Pledgor shall be deemed to have represented and warranted that such Account and all records, papers and documents relating thereto (i) are genuine and correct and in all material respects what they purport to be, (ii) to the Pledgor s knowledge, represent the legal, valid and binding obligation of the account debtor, except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws relating to or limiting creditors rights generally or by general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law, evidencing indebtedness unpaid and owed by such account debtor, arising out of the performance of labor or services or the sale, lease, license, assignment or other disposition and delivery of the goods or other property listed therein or out of an advance or a loan, and (iii) are in all material respects in compliance and conform with all applicable Legal Requirements. SECTION 7.2 Maintenance of Records. Each Pledgor shall keep and maintain at its own cost and expense complete records of each Account, in a manner consistent with its customary business practice, including records of all payments received, all credits granted thereon, all merchandise returned and all other documentation relating thereto. Each Pledgor shall, at such Pledgor s sole cost and expense, upon the Collateral Agent s demand demand of the Collateral Agent or the Required Lenders made at any time after the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, deliver all tangible evidence of Accounts, including all documents evidencing Accounts and any books and records relating thereto to the Collateral Agent or to its representatives (copies of which evidence and books and records may be retained by such Pledgor). Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, the Collateral Agent may transfer a full and complete copy of any Pledgor s books, records, credit information, reports, memoranda and all other writings relating to the Accounts to and for the use by any person that has acquired or is contemplating acquisition ofan interest in the Accounts or the Collateral Agent s security interest therein without the consent of any Pledgor; provided that the Collateral Agent agrees to use reasonable efforts to provide prior written notice of any such transfer to such Pledgor. SECTION 7.3 Legend. At the request of the Collateral Agent or the Required Lenders and in form and manner reasonably satisfactory to the Collat e ral Ag e nt Required Lenders , at any time after the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, each Pledgor shall legend the Accounts and the other books, records and documents of such Pledgor evidencing or pertaining to the Accounts with an appropriate reference to the fact that the Accounts have been assigned to the Collateral Agent for the ratable benefit of the Secured Parties and that the Collateral Agent has a security interest therein. SECTION 7.4 Modification of Terms, etc. At the request of the Collateral Agent or the Required Lenders and in form and manner reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent Required Lenders , at any time after the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, no Pledgor shall rescind or cancel any obligations evidenced by any Account or modify any term thereof or make any adjustment with respect thereto except in the ordinary course of business or otherwise consistent with prudent business practice or extend or renew any such obligations except in the ordinary course of business or otherwise in a manner consistent with its reasonable business judgment, or compromise or settle any dispute, claim, suit or legal proceeding relating thereto or sell any Account or interest therein except as not otherwise prohibited by the Credit Agreement, without the prior written consent of the Collateral Agent Required Lenders . Each Pledgor shall timely fulfill all obligations on its part to be fulfilled under or in connection with the Accounts. SECTION 7.5 Collection. Each Pledgor shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause to be collected from the account debtor of each of the Accounts, as and when due in the ordinary course of business or otherwise generally consistent with its customary business practice (including Accounts that are delinquent, such Accounts to be collected in accordance with generally accepted commercial collection procedures), any and all amounts owing under or on account of such Account, and apply promptly upon 
 27 

receipt thereof all such amounts as are so collected to the outstanding balance of such Account, except that any Pledgor may, with respect to an Account, allow in the ordinary course of business (i) a refund or credit due as a result of returned or damaged or defective merchandise and (ii) such extensions of time to pay amounts due in respect of Accounts and such other modifications of payment terms or settlements in respect of Accounts as shall be commercially reasonable in the circumstances, all in accordance with such Pledgor s ordinary course of business consistent with its collection practices as in effect from time to time and in material compliance with applicable Legal Requirements. The costs and expenses (including attorneys fees) of collection, in any case, whether incurred by any Pledgor, the Collateral Agent or any Secured Party, shall be paid by the Pledgors in accordance with Section 11.03 of the Credit Agreement. ARTICLE VIII REMEDIES SECTION 8.1 Remedies. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, the Collateral Agent may from time to time exercise in respect of the Pledged Collateral, in addition to the other rights and remedies provided for herein or otherwise available to it, the following remedies, in each case, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and subject to any notice required to be provided hereunder: (i) Personally, or by agents or attorneys, immediately take possession of the Pledged Collateral or any part thereof, from any Pledgor or any other person who then has possession of any part thereof with or without notice or process of law, and for that purpose may enter upon any Pledgor s premises where any of the Pledged Collateral is located, remove such Pledged Collateral, remain present at such premises to receive copies of all communications and remittances relating to the Pledged Collateral and use in connection with such removal and possession any and all services, supplies, aids and other facilities of any Pledgor; (ii) Demand, sue for, collect or receive any money or property at any time payable or receivable in respect of the Pledged Collateral including instructing the obligor or obligors on any agreement, instrument or other obligation constituting part of the Pledged Collateral to make any payment required by the terms of such agreement, instrument or other obligation directly to the Collateral Agent or to notify them of the Collateral Agent s security interest therein, and in connection with any of the foregoing, compromise, settle, extend the time for payment and make other modifications with respect thereto; provided, however , that in the event that any such payments are made directly to any Pledgor, such Pledgor shall segregate all amounts received pursuant thereto in trust for the benefit of the Collateral Agent and shall promptly (but in no event later than three (3) Business Days after receipt thereof or such later date as may be agreed to in writing by the Collateral Agent in its sole discretion) pay such amounts to the Collateral Agent; (iii) Sell, assign, grant a license to use or otherwise liquidate, or direct any Pledgor to sell, assign, grant a license to use or otherwise liquidate, any and all investments made in whole or in part with the Pledged Collateral or any part thereof, and take possession of the proceeds of any such sale, assignment, license or liquidation, with respect to licenses to Trademarks, subject to reasonable quality control provisions in connection with the goods and services offered under any Trademarks sufficient to avoid the risk of cancellation, voiding or invalidation of such Trademarks; (iv) Take possession of the Pledged Collateral or any part thereof, by directing any Pledgor in writing to deliver the same to the Collateral Agent at any place or places so designated by the Collateral Agent, in which event such Pledgor shall at its own expense: (A) forthwith cause the same to be moved to the place or places designated by the Collateral Agent and therewith delivered to the Collateral Agent; (B) store and keep any Pledged Collateral so delivered to the Collateral Agent at such place or places pending further action by the Collateral Agent; and (C) while the Pledged Collateral shall be so stored and kept, provide such security and maintenance services as shall be necessary to protect the same and to preserve and maintain them in good condition. Each Pledgor s obligation to deliver the Pledged Collateral as 
 28 

contemplated in this Section 8.1(iv) is of the essence hereof. Upon application to a court of equity having jurisdiction, the Collateral Agent shall be entitled to a decree requiring specific performance by any Pledgor of such obligation; (v) Withdraw all moneys, instruments, securities and other property in any bank, financial securities, deposit or other account of any Pledgor constituting Pledged Collateral for application to the Secured Obligations as provided in Article IX hereof; (vi) Retain and apply the Distributions to the Secured Obligations as provided in Article IX hereof; (vii) After or upon delivery of any required notice, as applicable, exercise any and all rights as beneficial and legal owner of the Pledged Collateral, including perfecting assignment of and exercising any and all voting, consensual and other rights and powers with respect to any Pledged Collateral; and (viii) Exercise all the rights and remedies of a secured party on default under the UCC (whether or not the UCC applies to the affected Pledged Collateral) or at law or in equity, and the Collateral Agent may also in its sole discretion, without notice except as specified in Section 8.2, sell, assign, transfer or grant a license to use the Pledged Collateral or any part thereof in one or more parcels at public or private sale, at any exchange, broker s board or at any of the Collateral Agent s offices or elsewhere, for cash, on credit or for future delivery, and at such price or prices and upon such other terms as the Collateral Agent may deem commercially reasonable. The Collateral Agent or any other Secured Party or any of their respective Affiliates may be the purchaser, licensee, assignee or recipient of any or all of the Pledged Collateral at any such sale and shall be entitled, for the purpose of bidding and making settlement or payment of the purchase price for all or any portion of the Pledged Collateral sold, assigned or licensed at such sale, to use and apply any of the Secured Obligations owed to such person as a credit on account of the purchase price of any Pledged Collateral payable by such person at such sale. Each purchaser, assignee, licensee or recipient at any such sale shall acquire the property sold, assigned or licensed absolutely free from any claim or right on the part of any Pledgor, and each Pledgor hereby waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Legal Requirements, all rights of redemption, stay and/or appraisal that it now has or may at any time in the future have under any Legal Requirement now existing or hereafter enacted. The Collateral Agent shall not be obligated to make any sale of Pledged Collateral regardless of notice of sale having been given. The Collateral Agent may adjourn any public or private sale from time to time by announcement at the time and place fixed therefor, and such sale may, without further notice, be made at the time and place to which it was so adjourned. Each Pledgor hereby waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Legal Requirements, any claims against the Collateral Agent arising by reason of the fact that the price at which any Pledged Collateral may have been sold, assigned or licensed at such a private sale was less than the price which might have been obtained at a public sale, even if the Collateral Agent accepts the first offer received and does not offer such Pledged Collateral to more than one offeree. SECTION 8.2 Notice of Sale. Each Pledgor acknowledges and agrees that, to the extent notice of sale or other disposition of Pledged Collateral shall be required by any Legal Requirement, ten (10) days prior notice to such Pledgor of the time and place of any public sale or of the time after which any private sale or other intended disposition is to take place shall be commercially reasonable notification of such matters unless the Pledged Collateral is perishable or threatens to decline speedily in value or is ofa type customarily sold on a recognized market (in which case no such prior notice shall be required). No notification need be given to any Pledgor ifit has signed, after the occurrence of an Event of Default, a statement renouncing or modifying any right to notification of sale or other intended disposition. SECTION 8.3 Waiver of Notice and Claims; Other Waivers; Marshalling. (i) Each Pledgor hereby waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Legal Requirements, notice of judicial hearing in connection with the Collateral Agent s taking possession or the Collateral Agent s disposition of any of the Pledged Collateral, including any and all prior notice and hearing 
 29 

for any prejudgment remedy or remedies and any such right which such Pledgor would otherwise have under any Legal Requirement, and each Pledgor hereby further waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Legal Requirements (i) all damages occasioned by such taking of possession, (ii) all other requirements as to the time, place and terms of sale or other requirements with respect to the enforcement of the Collateral Agent s rights hereunder and (iii) all rights of redemption, appraisal, valuation, stay, extension or moratorium now or hereafter in force under any applicable Legal Requirements. The Collateral Agent shall not be liable for any incorrect or improper payment made pursuant to this Article VIII except to the extent resulting solely from the Collateral Agent s fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct as finally judicially determined by a court of competent jurisdiction. Any sale of, or the grant of options to purchase, or any other realization upon, any Pledged Collateral shall operate to divest all right, title, interest, claim and demand, either at law or in equity, of the applicable Pledgor therein and thereto, and shall be a perpetual bar both at law and in equity or otherwise against such Pledgor and against any and all persons claiming or attempting to claim the Pledged Collateral so sold, optioned or realized upon, or any part thereof, from, through or under such Pledgor. (ii) To the maximum extent permitted by applicable Legal Requirements, each Pledgor hereby waives demand, notice (except for any notices required hereunder), protest, notice of acceptance of this Agreement, notice of Credit Extensions, Pledged Collateral received or delivered or any other action taken in reliance hereon and all other demands and notices of any description. (iii) The Collateral Agent shall not be required to marshal any present or future collateral security (including the Pledged Collateral) for, or other assurances of payment of, the Secured Obligations or any of them or to resort to such collateral security or other assurances of payment in any particular order. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable Legal Requirements, each Pledgor hereby agrees that it will not invoke any Legal Requirement relating to the marshalling of collateral and hereby irrevocably waives the benefits of all such Legal Requirements. SECTION 8.4 Standards for Exercising Rights and Remedies. To the extent that applicable Legal Requirements impose duties on the Collateral Agent to exercise remedies in a commercially reasonable manner, each Pledgor acknowledges and agrees that it is not commercially unreasonable for the Collateral Agent (i) to fail to incur expenses reasonably deemed significant by the Collateral Agent to prepare Pledged Collateral for disposition or otherwise to fail to complete raw material or work in process into finished goods or other finished products for disposition, (ii) to fail to obtain third party consents for access to Pledged Collateral to be disposed of, or to obtain or, if not required by other Legal Requirements, to fail to obtain consents for Governmental Authorities or third parties for the collection or disposition of Pledged Collateral to be collected or disposed of, (iii) to fail to exercise collection remedies against account debtors or other persons obligated on Pledged Collateral or to fail to remove liens or encumbrances on or any adverse claims against Pledged Collateral, (iv) to exercise collection remedies against account debtors and other persons obligated on Pledged Collateral directly or through the use of collection agencies and other collection specialists, (v) to advertise dispositions of Pledged Collateral through publications or media of general circulation, whether or not the Pledged Collateral is ofa specialized nature, (vi) to contact other persons, whether or not in the same business as any Pledgor, for expressions of interest in acquiring all or any portion of the Pledged Collateral, (vii) to hire one or more professional auctioneers to assist in the disposition of Pledged Collateral, whether or not the collateral is ofa specialized nature, (viii) to dispose of Pledged Collateral by utilizing internet sites that provide for the auction of assets of the types included in the Pledged Collateral or that have the reasonable capability of doing so, or that match buyers and sellers of assets, (ix) to dispose of assets in wholesale rather than retail markets, (x) to disclaim or modify disposition warranties, (xi) to purchase insurance or credit enhancements to insure the Collateral Agent against risks of loss, collection or disposition of Pledged Collateral or to provide to the Collateral Agent a guaranteed return from the collection or disposition of Pledged Collateral, or (xii) to the extent deemed appropriate by the Collateral Agent, to obtain the services of other brokers, investment bankers, consultants and other professionals to assist the Collateral Agent in the collection or disposition of any of the Pledged Collateral. The Pledgors acknowledge that the purpose of this Section 8.4 is to provide non-exhaustive indications of what actions or 
 30 

omissions by the Collateral Agent would fulfill the Collateral Agent s duties under the UCC or other Legal Requirements of the State or any other relevant jurisdiction in the Collateral Agent s exercise of remedies against the Pledged Collateral and that other actions or omissions by the Collateral Agent shall not be deemed to fail to fulfill such duties solely on account of not being indicated in this Section 8.4. Without limiting the foregoing, nothing contained in this Section 8.4 shall be construed to grant any rights to any Pledgor or to impose any duties on the Collateral Agent that would not have been granted or imposed by this Agreement or by applicable Legal Requirements in the absence of this Section 8.4. SECTION 8.5 Certain Sales of Pledged Collateral. (i) Each Pledgor recognizes that, by reason of certain prohibitions contained in Legal Requirements, the Collateral Agent may be compelled, with respect to any sale of all or any part of the Pledged Collateral, to limit purchasers to those who meet the requirements of a Governmental Authority. Each Pledgor acknowledges that any such sales may be at prices and on terms less favorable to the Collateral Agent than those obtainable through a public sale without such restrictions, and, notwithstanding such circumstances, agrees that any such restricted sale shall be deemed to have been made in a commercially reasonable manner and that, except as may be required by applicable Legal Requirements, the Collateral Agent shall have no obligation to engage in public sales. (ii) Each Pledgor recognizes that, by reason of certain prohibitions contained in the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and applicable state or foreign securities laws, the Collateral Agent may be compelled, with respect to any sale or disposition of all or any part of the Securities Collateral and Investment Property, to limit purchasers to persons who will agree, among other things, to acquire such Securities Collateral or Investment Property for their own account, for investment and not with a view to the distribution or resale thereof. Each Pledgor acknowledges that any such private sales may be at prices and on terms less favorable to the Collateral Agent than those obtainable through a public sale without such restrictions (including a public offering made pursuant to a registration statement under the Securities Act), and, notwithstanding such circumstances, agrees that any such private sale shall be deemed to have been made in a commercially reasonable manner and that the Collateral Agent shall have no obligation to engage in public sales and no obligation to delay the sale of any Securities Collateral or Investment Property for the period of time necessary to permit the issuer thereof to register it for a form of public sale requiring registration under the Securities Act or under applicable state or foreign securities laws, even if such issuer would agree to do so. (iii) If the Collateral Agent determines to exercise its right to sell any or all of the Securities Collateral or Investment Property, upon written request, the applicable Pledgor shall, and shall cause each issuer of Securities Collateral and Investment Property to be sold hereunder to, from time to time furnish to the Collateral Agent all such information as the Collateral Agent may reasonably request in order to determine the number and nature or interest, of securities or other instruments included in the Securities Collateral or Investment Property which may be sold by the Collateral Agent as exempt transactions under the Securities Act and the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission thereunder, as the same are from time to time in effect. (iv) Each Pledgor further agrees that a breach of any of the covenants contained in this Section 8.5 will cause irreparable injury to the Collateral Agent and other Secured Parties, that the Collateral Agent and the other Secured Parties have no adequate remedy at law in respect of such breach and, as a consequence, that each and every covenant contained in this Section 8.5 shall be specifically enforceable against such Pledgor, and such Pledgor hereby waives and agrees not to assert any defenses against an action for specific performance of such covenants, except for a defense that no Event of Default has occurred or is continuing. SECTION 8.6 No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies. (i) No failure on the part of the Collateral Agent to exercise, no course of dealing with respect 
 31 

to, and no delay on the part of the Collateral Agent in exercising, any right, power or remedy hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right, power or remedy hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or remedy; nor shall the Collateral Agent be required to look first to, enforce or exhaust any other security, collateral or guaranties. The remedies herein provided are cumulative and are not exclusive of any remedies provided by applicable Legal Requirements, in equity or otherwise. (ii) In the event that the Collateral Agent shall have instituted any proceeding to enforce any right, power or remedy under this Agreement, any other Loan Document, any Specified Hedging Agreement or any Bank Product Agreement by foreclosure, sale, entry or otherwise, and such proceeding shall have been discontinued or abandoned for any reason or shall have been determined adversely to the Collateral Agent, then and in every such case, the Pledgors, the Collateral Agent and each other Secured Party shall be restored to their respective former positions and rights hereunder with respect to the Pledged Collateral, and all rights, remedies and powers of the Collateral Agent and the other Secured Parties shall continue as if no such proceeding had been instituted. SECTION 8.7 Certain Additional Actions Regarding Intellectual Property. If any Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, upon the reasonable written demand of the Collateral Agent, each Pledgor shall execute and deliver to the Collateral Agent an assignment or assignments of the registered Intellectual Property Collateral or such other documents as are necessary or appropriate to carry out the intent and purposes hereof. If any Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, if any Pledgor does not, within ten (10) Business Days of presentment, return the requested executed documents, then Collateral Agent is hereby granted a limited power of attorney to execute all such documents on behalf of such Pledgor. This power of attorney is coupled with an interest and is irrevocable. If and when the Event of Default is no longer continuing, the Collateral Agent hereby agrees to assign to the applicable Pledgor such Intellectual Property Collateral and the Collateral Agent shall promptly execute and deliver to each Pledgor such reassignments or other documents necessary to place such Pledgors in control and ownership of such Intellectual Property Collateral. ARTICLE IX APPLICATION OF PROCEEDS SECTION 9.1 Application of Proceeds. The proceeds received by the Collateral Agent in respect of any sale of, collection from or other realization upon all or any part of the Pledged Collateral pursuant to the exercise by the Collateral Agent of its remedies shall be applied, together with any other sums then held by the Collateral Agent pursuant to this Agreement, in accordance with the Credit Agreement. SECTION 9.2 Proceeds of Casualty Events and Collateral Dispositions. The Pledgors shall take all actions required by the Credit Agreement with respect to any Net Cash Proceeds of any Casualty Event or from the sale or disposition of any Pledged Collateral. ARTICLE X MISCELLANEOUS SECTION 10.1 Concerning Collateral Agent. The Collateral Agent has been appointed as collateral agent for the Secured Parties pursuant to the Credit Agreement. The actions of the Collateral Agent hereunder are subject to the provisions of the Credit Agreement. The Collateral Agent shall have the right hereunder to make demands, to give notices, to exercise or refrain from exercising any rights, and to take or refrain from taking action (including the release or substitution of the Pledged Collateral), in accordance with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, the Specified Hedging Agreements and any Bank Product Agreement. Each Secured Party, by its acceptance of the benefits hereof, agrees that it shall have no right individually to realize upon any of the Pledged Collateral hereunder, it being understood and agreed 
 32 

by such Secured Party that all rights and remedies hereunder may be exercised solely by the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. The Collateral Agent may employ agents and attorneys-in-fact in connection herewith and shall not be liable for the negligence or misconduct of any such agents or attorneys-in-fact selected by it in good faith. The Collateral Agent may resign and a successor Collateral Agent may be appointed in the manner provided in the Credit Agreement. Upon the acceptance of any appointment as the Collateral Agent by a successor Collateral Agent, that successor Collateral Agent shall thereupon succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Collateral Agent under this Agreement, and the retiring Collateral Agent shall thereupon be discharged from its duties and obligations under this Agreement. After any retiring Collateral Agent s resignation, the provisions hereof shall inure to its benefit as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it under this Agreement while it was the Collateral Agent. (i) Except for the exercise of reasonable care in the custody of any Pledged Collateral in its possession and the accounting for moneys actually received by it hereunder, the Collateral Agent shall have no duty as to any Pledged Collateral or as to the taking of any necessary steps to preserve rights against prior parties or any other rights pertaining to any Pledged Collateral. The Collateral Agent shall be deemed to have exercised reasonable care in the custody and preservation of the Pledged Collateral in its possession if such Pledged Collateral is accorded treatment substantially equivalent to that which the Collateral Agent, in its individual capacity, accords its own property consisting of similar instruments or interests; provided that neither the Collateral Agent nor any of the other Secured Parties nor any of their respective directors, officers, employees or agents shall have responsibility for (x) ascertaining or taking action with respect to calls, conversions, exchanges, maturities, tenders or other matters relating to any Securities Collateral, whether or not the Collateral Agent or any other Secured Party has or is deemed to have knowledge of such matters (y) failing to demand, collect or realize upon all or any part of the Pledged Collateral or for any delay in doing so or (z) failing to take any necessary steps to preserve rights against any person with respect to any Pledged Collateral. (ii) The Collateral Agent shall be entitled to rely upon any written notice, statement, certificate, order or other document or any telephone message believed by it to be genuine and correct and to have been signed, sent or made by the proper person, and, with respect to all matters pertaining to this Agreement and its duties hereunder, upon advice of counsel selected by it. (iii) If any item of Pledged Collateral also constitutes collateral granted to the Collateral Agent under any other deed of trust, mortgage, security agreement, pledge or instrument of any type, in the event of any conflict between the provisions hereof and the provisions of such other deed of trust, mortgage, security agreement, pledge or instrument of any type in respect of such collateral, the provisions hereof shall control unless otherwise agreed to in writing by the Pledgors and the Collateral Agent in such other deed of trust, mortgage, security agreement, pledge or instrument. SECTION 10.2 Collateral Agent May Perform; Collateral Agent Appointed Attorney-in-Fact. If any Pledgor shall fail to perform any covenants contained in this Agreement (including such Pledgor s covenants to (i) pay the premiums in respect of all required insurance policies hereunder, (ii) pay Charges, (iii) make repairs, or (iv) discharge Liens or pay or perform any obligations of such Pledgor under any Pledged Collateral) or if any representation or warranty on the part of any Pledgor contained herein shall be breached, the Collateral Agent may (but shall not be obligated to) after expiration of any cure or grace period applicable thereto, do the same or cause it to be done or remedy any such breach, and may expend funds for such purpose; provided, however , that the Collateral Agent shall in no event be bound to inquire into the validity of any tax, lien, imposition or other obligation which such Pledgor fails to pay or perform as and when required hereby and which such Pledgor does not contest in accordance with the provisions of Section 4.12 hereof. Any and all amounts so expended by the Collateral Agent shall be paid by the Pledgors in accordance with the provisions of Section 11.03 of the Credit Agreement. Neither the provisions of this Section 10.2 nor any action taken by the Collateral Agent pursuant to the provisions of this Section 10.2 shall prevent any such failure to observe any covenant contained in this Agreement nor any breach of 
 33 

representation or warranty from constituting an Event of Default. Each Pledgor hereby appoints the Collateral Agent as its attorney-in-fact, with full power and authority in the place and stead of such Pledgor and in the name of such Pledgor, or otherwise, from time to time in the Collateral Agent s discretion to take any action and to execute any instrument consistent with the terms of the Credit Agreement, this Agreement, the other Loan Documents, the Specified Hedging Agreements and any Bank Product Agreement which the Collateral Agent may deem necessary or advisable to accomplish the purposes hereof. The foregoing grant of authority is a power of attorney coupled with an interest and such appointment shall be irrevocable for the term hereof. Each Pledgor hereby ratifies all that such attorney shall lawfully do in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and only to the extent permitted hereunder or thereunder. Notwithstanding anything in this Section 10.2 to the contrary, the Collateral Agent agrees that it will not exercise any rights under the power of attorney provided for in this Section 10.2 unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. SECTION 10.3 Continuing Security Interest; Assignment. This Agreement shall create a continuing security interest in the Pledged Collateral and shall (i) be binding upon the Pledgors, their respective successors and assigns and (ii) inure, together with the rights and remedies of the Collateral Agent hereunder, to the benefit of the Collateral Agent and the other Secured Parties and each of their respective successors, transferees and permitted assigns. No other persons (including any other creditor of any Pledgor) shall have any interest herein or any right or benefit with respect hereto. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing clause (ii), any Secured Party may assign or otherwise transfer any obligations held by it secured by this Agreement to any other person, and such other person shall thereupon become vested with all the benefits in respect thereof granted to such Secured Party, herein or otherwise, subject however, to the provisions of the Credit Agreement. SECTION 10.4 Termination; Release. This Agreement shall automatically terminate and the Pledged Collateral shall automatically be released from the Lien of this Agreement when the Commitments have been terminated and the principal of and interest and premium (if any) on each Loan, all Fees and all other expenses or amounts payable under any Loan Document, any Specified Hedging Agreement and any Bank Product Agreement shall have been paid in full in cash (other than contingent indemnification obligations that, pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement, the other Loan Documents, any Specified Hedging Agreement and any Bank Product Agreement, survive the termination thereof). Upon termination hereof, the security interests granted hereby shall automatically terminate and all rights to the Pledged Collateral shall automatically revert to the applicable Pledgor or to such other person as may be entitled thereto pursuant to any Order or other applicable Legal Requirement. Upon any Disposition of Collateral permitted under the Credit Agreement (other than any Disposition to another Pledgor) the security interest in such Collateral shall automatically terminate. Upon termination hereof or any disposition or release of Pledged Collateral in accordance with the provisions of the Credit Agreement, the Collateral Agent shall promptly, upon the written request and at the sole cost and expense of the Pledgors, assign, transfer and deliver to the Pledgors, against receipt and without recourse to or warranty by the Collateral Agent except that the Collateral Agent has not assigned or otherwise transferred its security interest in the Pledged Collateral, such of the Pledged Collateral to be released (in the case of a release) as may be in possession or control of the Collateral Agent and as shall not have been sold or otherwise applied pursuant to the terms hereof, and, with respect to any other Pledged Collateral, with such endorsements or proper documents and instruments (including UCC-3 termination statements or releases) acknowledging the termination hereof or the release of such Pledged Collateral, as the case may be. SECTION 10.5 Modification in Writing. No amendment, modification, supplement, termination or waiver of or to any provision hereof, nor consent to any departure by any Pledgor therefrom, shall be effective unless the same shall be made in accordance with the terms of the Credit Agreement and unless in writing and signed by the Collateral Agent and the applicable Pledgor. Any amendment, modification or supplement of or to any provision hereof, any waiver of any provision hereof and any consent to any departure by any Pledgor from the terms of any provision hereof shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which made or given. Except where notice is specifically required 
 34 

by this Agreement, no notice to or demand on any Pledgor in any case shall entitle any Pledgor to any other or further notice or demand in similar or other circumstances. SECTION 10.6 Notices. Unless otherwise provided herein or in the Credit Agreement, any notice or other communication herein required or permitted to be given shall be given in the manner and become effective as set forth in the Credit Agreement, as to any Pledgor, addressed to it at the address of Borrower set forth in the Credit Agreement and as to the Collateral Agent, addressed to it at the address set forth in the Credit Agreement, or in each case at such other address as shall be designated by such party in a written notice to the other party complying as to delivery with the terms of this Section 10.6 . SECTION 10.7 Governing Law, Consent to Jurisdiction and Service of Process; Waiver of Jury Trial. (a) THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH AND GOVERNED BY THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICTS OF LAW PRINCIPLES THAT WOULD REQUIRE THE APPLICATION OF THE LAWS OF ANOTHER JURISDICTION. (b) EACH PLEDGOR HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS, FOR ITSELF AND ITS PROPERTY, TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE SUPREME COURT OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SITTING IN NEW YORK COUNTY AND OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT OF THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, AND ANY APPELLATE COURT FROM ANY THEREOF, IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO ANY LOAN DOCUMENT, OR FOR RECOGNITION OR ENFORCEMENT OF ANY JUDGMENT, AND EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN SUCH NEW YORK STATE OR, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LEGAL REQUIREMENTS, IN SUCH FEDERAL COURT. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO AGREES THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW. NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR OTHERWISE SHALL AFFECT ANY RIGHT THAT THE COLLATERAL AGENT, ANY OTHER AGENT OR ANY LENDER OR OTHER SECURED PARTY MAY OTHERWISE HAVE TO BRING ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT AGAINST ANY PLEDGOR OR ITS PROPERTIES IN THE COURTS OF ANY JURISDICTION. (c) EACH PLEDGOR HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT IT MAY LEGALLY AND EFFECTIVELY DO SO, ANY OBJECTION WHICH IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT IN ANY COURT REFERRED TO IN SECTION 10.7(b) . EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LEGAL REQUIREMENTS, THE DEFENSE OF AN INCONVENIENT FORUM TO THE MAINTENANCE OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN ANY SUCH COURT. (d) EACH PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO SERVICE OF PROCESS IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO ANY LOAN DOCUMENT, IN THE MANNER PROVIDED FOR NOTICES (OTHER THAN TELECOPY) IN SECTION 10.6 . NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT WILL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF ANY PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LEGAL REQUIREMENTS. 
 35 

(e) EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LEGAL REQUIREMENTS, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, THE TRANSACTIONS OR THE OTHER TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (a) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (b) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 10.7 . SECTION 10.8 Severability of Provisions. Any provision hereof which is invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof or affecting the validity or enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction. SECTION 10.9 Execution in Counterparts. This Agreement and any amendments, waivers, consents or supplements hereto may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be deemed to be an original, but all such counterparts together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement by facsimile or other electronic transmission (e.g., pdf or tif format) shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement. The words execution, signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to this Agreement or any document to be signed in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be deemed to include electronic signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, and the parties hereto consent to conduct the transactions contemplated hereunder by electronic means. SECTION 10.10 Business Days. In the event any time period or any date provided in this Agreement ends or falls on a day other than a Business Day, then such time period shall be deemed to end and such date shall be deemed to fall on the next succeeding Business Day, and performance herein may be made on such Business Day, with the same force and effect as if made on such other day. SECTION 10.11 No Credit for Payment of Taxes or Imposition. No Pledgor shall be entitled to any credit against the principal, premium, if any, or interest payable under the Credit Agreement, and such Pledgor shall not be entitled to any credit against any other sums which may become payable under the terms thereof or hereof, by reason of the payment of any Tax on the Pledged Collateral or any part thereof. SECTION 10.12 No Claims Against Collateral Agent. Nothing contained in this Agreement, or any other Loan Document, any Specified Hedging Agreement or any Bank Product Agreement, nor the exercise by the Collateral Agent of any of the rights or remedies hereunder, shall constitute any consent or request by the Collateral Agent, express or implied, for the performance of any labor or services or the furnishing of any materials or other property in respect of the Pledged Collateral or any part thereof, nor as giving any Pledgor any right, power or authority to contract for or permit the performance of any labor or services or the furnishing of any materials or other property in such fashion as would permit the making of any claim against the Collateral Agent in respect thereof or any claim that any Lien based on the performance of such 
 36 

labor or services or the furnishing of any such materials or other property is prior to the Lien hereof. SECTION 10.13 No Release. Except as set forth in Section 10.4 herein, nothing set forth in this Agreement shall relieve any Pledgor from the performance of any term, covenant, condition or agreement on such Pledgor s part to be performed or observed under or in respect of any of the Pledged Collateral or from any liability to any person under or in respect of any of the Pledged Collateral or shall impose any obligation on the Collateral Agent or any other Secured Party to perform or observe any such term, covenant, condition or agreement on such Pledgor s part to be so performed or observed or shall impose any liability on the Collateral Agent or any other Secured Party for any act or omission on the part of such Pledgor relating thereto or for any breach of any representation or warranty on the part of such Pledgor contained in this Agreement, the Credit Agreement, the other Loan Documents, any Specified Hedging Agreement or Bank Product Agreement, or under or in respect of the Pledged Collateral or made in connection herewith or therewith. The obligations of each Pledgor contained in this Section 10.13 shall survive the termination hereof and the discharge of such Pledgor s other obligations under this Agreement, the Credit Agreement, the other Loan Documents, any Specified Hedging Agreement or Bank Product Agreement (other than contingent indemnification obligations that, pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, the Credit Agreement, the other Loan Documents, any Specified Hedging Agreement or Bank Product Agreement, survive the termination thereof). SECTION 10.14 Overdue Amounts. Until paid, all amounts due and payable under this Agreement shall constitute Secured Obligations and shall bear interest, whether before or after judgment, at the Default Rate. Nothing in this Section 10.14 shall affect the Default Rate or the circumstances in which the Default Rate is payable pursuant to the Credit Agreement. SECTION 10.15 Obligations Absolute. All obligations of each Pledgor hereunder shall be absolute and unconditional irrespective of: (i) any bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, arrangement, readjustment, composition, liquidation or the like of any Pledgor; (ii) any lack of validity or enforceability of any Loan Document, any Specified Hedging Agreement, any Bank Product Agreement or any other agreement or instrument relating thereto against any Pledgor; (iii) any change in the time, manner or place of payment of, or in any other term of, all or any of the Secured Obligations, or any other amendment or waiver of or any consent to any departure from any Loan Document, any Specified Hedging Agreement, and Bank Product Agreement or any other agreement or instrument relating thereto (except, and only to the extent provided by, any amendment, waiver or consent executed in accordance with Section 11.02 of the Credit Agreement which alters any such obligation hereunder); (iv) any pledge, exchange, release or non-perfection or loss of priority of any other collateral, or any release or amendment or waiver ofor consent to any departure from any guarantee, for all or any of the Secured Obligations; (v) any exercise, non-exercise or waiver of any right, remedy, power or privilege under or in respect hereof of any Loan Document, any Specified Hedging Agreement or Bank Product Agreement; or (vi) other than payment in full, any other circumstances which might otherwise constitute a defense available to, or a discharge of, any Pledgor. [REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 
 37 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Pledgors and the Collateral Agent have caused this Agreement to be duly executed and delivered by their duly authorized officers as of the date first above written. [ ] , as Pledgor By: Name: Title: 

JEFFERIES FINANCE LLC, as Collateral Agent By: Name: Title: 

</EX-10.27>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 notv-20220930xex21d1.htm
 EX-21.1
 
 EXHIBIT 21 
 Exhibit 21.1 SUBSIDIARIES 

Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Organization 1 BAS Evansville, Inc. Indiana 2 BASi Gaithersburg, LLC Indiana 3 Bronco Research Services, LLC Indiana 4 Envigo Bioproducts, Inc. Indiana 5 Envigo Global Services, Inc. Pennsylvania 6 Envigo Holding I, Inc. Delaware 7 Envigo RMS B.V., Inc. Delaware 8 Envigo RMS, LLC Delaware 9 ERPP, Inc. Delaware 10 Histion, LLC Washington 11 Inotiv Boulder, LLC Indiana 12 Inotiv Research Models, LLC Indiana 13 Seventh Wave Laboratories, LLC Indiana 14 Envigo New Holdco, LLC Delaware 15 Integrated Laboratory Systems, LLC North Carolina 16 Orient BioResource Center, Inc. Texas 17 Envigo RMS S.A. de C.V. Mexico 18 Envigo RMS GmbH Germany 19 Envigo RMS S.L. Spain 20 Envigo RMS S.A.R.L. France 21 Envigo RMS, S.r.l. Italy 22 Envigo RMS (Israel) Ltd. Israel 23 Envigo CRS (Israel) Ltd. Israel 24 Envigo Holdings Ltd. England and Wales 25 Envigo RMS (UK) Ltd. England and Wales 26 Envigo Research Private Limited India 27 Envigo RMS BV Netherlands 28 Harlan UK Pension Scheme Trustees Limited England and Wales 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 notv-20220930xex23d1.htm
 EX-23.1

Exhibit 23.1 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements: (1) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-253309) of Inotiv, Inc., (2) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-266962) of Inotiv, Inc., (3) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-153734) pertaining to Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement and Employee Incentive Stock Option Agreement from the 2008 Stock Option Plan, (4) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-228747) pertaining to 2008 Stock Option Plan as Amended and Restated in the form of the Amended and Restated Bioanalytical Systems, Inc. Equity Incentive Plan, (5) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-237580) Amended and Restated Bioanalytical Systems, Inc. 2018 Equity Incentive Plan, (6) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-261025) Amended and Restated Inotiv, Inc. 2018 Equity Incentive Plan, and (7) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-261038) Envigo RMS Holding Corp. Equity Incentive Plan 
 of our report dated January 12, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Inotiv, Inc., included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Inotiv, Inc., for the year ended September 30, 2022. /s/ Ernst Young LLP Indianapolis, IN January 12, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 6
 notv-20220930xex23d2.htm
 EX-23.2

Exhibit 23.2 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements (No. s 333-153734, 333-228747, 333-237580, 333-261025 and 333-261038) on Form S-8 and the Registration Statements No. s 333-253309 and 333-266962 on Form S-3 of Inotiv, Inc. of our report dated December 21, 2021, relating to the consolidated financial statements of Inotiv, Inc., appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Inotiv, Inc. for the year ended September 30, 2021. /s/ RSM US LLP Indianapolis, Indiana January 12, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 notv-20220930xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1
 
 _ 
 Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Robert W. Leasure, Jr., President and Chief Executive Officer, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Inotiv, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: January 12, 2023 /s/ Robert W. Leasure, Jr. 
 Robert W. Leasure, Jr. President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 notv-20220930xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2
 
 _ 
 Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Beth A. Taylor, Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Finance, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Inotiv, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: January 12, 2023 /s/ Beth A. Taylor 
 Beth A. Taylor Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Finance 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 notv-20220930xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1 Certifications of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 906 Of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. Section 1350) The undersigned, the President and Chief Executive Officer of Inotiv Inc. (the Company ), hereby certifies that, to the best of his knowledge: 
 (a) the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (b) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

1 

 Date: December 22, 2020 

 By: /s/ Robert W. Leasure, Jr. 
 Robert W. Leasure, Jr. President and Chief Executive Officer Date: January 12, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 notv-20220930xex32d2.htm
 EX-32.2

Exhibit 32.2 Certifications of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 Of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. Section 1350) The undersigned, the Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President of Finance of Inotiv, Inc. (the Company ), hereby certifies that, to the best of her knowledge: 
 (a) the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (b) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer Date: December 22, 2020 

 By: /s/ Beth A. Taylor 
 Beth A. Taylor Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Finance Date: January 12, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 notv-20220930.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 notv-20220930_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 notv-20220930_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 notv-20220930_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

