<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230330_10-K_edgar_data_1842659_0001140361-23-014818.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5940404</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>368851</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>978859</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1425976</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1665127</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1290342</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001140361-23-014818.hdr.sgml : 20230330
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330161239
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001140361-23-014818
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		55
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Corsair Partnering Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001842659
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40285
		FILM NUMBER:		23780827

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		717 FIFTH AVENUE
		STREET 2:		24TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(212) 224-9476

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		717 FIFTH AVENUE
		STREET 2:		24TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001140361-23-014818.txt : 20230330

10-K
 1
 brhc10050275_10k.htm
 10-K

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
 COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 

OR

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to .

ORATION 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

N/A 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of

 Incorporation or Organization)

(Commission File Number)

(I.R.S. Employer

 Identification Number)

, 

 (Address of principal executive offices)

(Zip Code) 

) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code)

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of Each Class 

Trading Symbols 

Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
 (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted
 pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
 best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large
 accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):

Large accelerated filer 

 Accelerated filer 

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 

 Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any
 new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal
 control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by
 check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements
 that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based on the closing price of a share of the registrant s Class A ordinary shares on June 30, 2022,
 as reported by the New York Stock Exchange on such date, was . 
 As of March 15, 2023, Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and 
 Class F ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, were issued and outstanding, respectively.

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

None.

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

CERTAIN TERMS 

ii

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

iv

SUMMARY OF RISK FACTORS 

1

PART I 

2 

ITEM 1.

BUSINESS 

2 

ITEM 1A.

RISK FACTORS 

7 

ITEM 1B.

UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

40

ITEM 2.

PROPERTIES 

40

ITEM 3.

LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

40

ITEM 4.

MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

40

PART II 

41

ITEM 5.

MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

41

ITEM 6.

SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

41

ITEM 7.

MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

42

ITEM 7A.

QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

48

ITEM 8.

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

48

ITEM 9.

CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

48

ITEM 9A.

CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

48

ITEM 9B.

OTHER INFORMATION 

49

PART III 

50 

ITEM 10.

DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

50 

ITEM 11.

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

58

ITEM 12.

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

59 

ITEM 13.

CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

61

ITEM 14.

PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

62 

PART IV 

63 

ITEM 15.

EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SCHEDULES 

63 

ITEM 16.

FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

65 

SIGNATURES 

66 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

F-1

i 

Table of Contents 

CERTAIN TERMS 

Unless otherwise stated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Report ), or the context otherwise requires, references to:

Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association are to our memorandum and articles of association in effect as of January 6, 2021.

Board are to our board of directors;

Class A Ordinary Shares are to our Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share;

Class B Ordinary Shares are to our Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share;

Class F Ordinary Shares are to our Class F ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share;

Companies Act are to the Companies Act (As Amended) of the Cayman Islands;

Corsair Capital are to Corsair Investments, L.P., a relying adviser of Corsair Capital LLC;

directors are to our current directors;

Equity-Linked Securities are to any debt or equity securities that are convertible, exercisable or exchangeable for our Class A Ordinary Shares issued in a financing transaction in connection with our Partnering Transaction,
 including but not limited to a private placement of such securities;

Forward Purchase Agreements are to the agreements providing for the sale of the Forward Purchase Shares in private placements to occur substantially concurrently with the closing of our initial Partnering Transaction;

Forward Purchase Securities are to the Forward Purchase Shares and Forward Purchase Warrants;

Forward Purchase Warrants are to warrants to purchase Class A Ordinary Shares to be issued pursuant to the Forward Purchase Agreements, if any;

Forward Purchase Shares are to the shares of Class A Ordinary Shares to be issued pursuant to the Forward Purchase Agreements, if any;

Founder Shares are to our Class F Ordinary Shares and our Class A Ordinary Shares issued upon the automatic conversion thereof at the time of our Partnering Transaction as provided herein;

Initial Shareholders are to our Sponsor and any other holders of our Founder Shares immediately prior to our initial public offering;

Letter Agreement refers to the letter agreement dated July 2, 2021 among Corsair Capital Partnering Corporation, Corsair Partnering Sponsor LP, and each executive officer and director ;

management or our management team are to our officers;

Ordinary Shares are to our Class A Ordinary Shares, Class B Ordinary Shares, and our Class F Ordinary Shares;

Partnering Transaction are to effectuating a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar Partnering Transaction with one or more businesses;

Performance Shares are to our Class B Ordinary Shares issued to our Sponsor;

ii 

Table of Contents 

Permitted Withdrawals are to the withdrawals permitted to be made by us from the trust account to pay taxes including income and franchise taxes and to withdraw up to 100,000 in dissolution expenses in the event we do not complete a
 Partnering Transaction by July 6, 2023 (or October 6, 2023, as applicable);

Private Placement Warrants are to the warrants sold to our Sponsor in a private placement simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering and upon conversion of working capital loans;

Public Shares are to the Class A Ordinary Shares sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they were purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market);

Public Shareholders are to the holders of our public shares, including our Sponsor, officers and directors to the extent our Sponsor, officers or directors purchase public shares, provided that each of his, her or its status as a
 public shareholder shall only exist with respect to such public shares;

Sponsor are to Corsair Partnering Sponsor LP, a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership;

Underwriters Over-Allotment Option are to the underwriters 45-day option to purchase up to an additional 3,750,000 units to cover over-allotments;

warrants are to our warrants sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they were purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market) and as part of the private placement warrants; and

we, us, our , the company and Corsair are to Corsair Partnering Corporation, a Cayman Islands exempted company.

iii 

Table of Contents 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Report includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
 amended, (the Exchange Act ). Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management team s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions, or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any
 statements that refer to projections, forecasts, or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, believe, continue, could, 
 estimate, expect, intends, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, project, should, would, and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a
 statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this Report may include, for example, statements about:

our ability to select an appropriate partnering candidate or candidates;

our ability to complete our Partnering Transaction;

our expectations around the performance of the prospective business or businesses with which we partner;

our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our Partnering Transaction;

our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our Partnering Transaction;

our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our Partnering Transaction;

our ability to continue as a going concern;

our pool of prospective partnering candidates;

our ability to consummate a Partnering Transaction due to the uncertainty resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, economic uncertainty and the status of the debt and equity markets;

the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential Partnering Transaction opportunities;

our public securities potential liquidity and trading;

the lack of a market for our securities;

the use of cash not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance;

the trust account not being subject to claims of third parties; or

our financial performance.

The forward-looking statements contained in this Report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future
 developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance
 to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading Risk Factors. Should one or more of these
 risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any
 forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. These risks and others described under Risk Factors may not be exhaustive.

iv 

Table of Contents 

By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future. We caution Public Shareholders that
 forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and that our actual results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and developments in the industry in which we operate may differ materially from those made in or
 suggested by the forward-looking statements contained in this Report. In addition, even if our results or operations, financial condition and liquidity, and developments in the industry in which we operate are consistent with the forward-looking
 statements contained in this Report, those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in subsequent periods.

v 

Table of Contents 

SUMMARY OF RISK FACTORS

The following is a summary of the principal risks described below in Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors in this Report. We believe that the risks described in the Risk Factors section are material
 to investors, but other factors not presently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also adversely affect us. The following summary should not be considered an exhaustive summary of the material risks facing us, and it
 should be read in conjunction with the Risk Factors section and the other information contained in this Report.

We are a company with no operating history and no revenues established for the purpose of identifying a company to partner with in order to effectuate a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share
 purchase, reorganization or similar Partnering Transaction, and Public Shareholders have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective.

Past performance by our management team or their respective affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us.

Our shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial Partnering Transaction, which means we may complete our initial Partnering Transaction even though a majority of our shareholders do not support such a
 transaction.

Public Shareholders only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential Partnering Transaction may be limited to the exercise of their right to redeem their shares from us for cash.

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial Partnering Transaction, our Initial Shareholders have agreed to vote in favor of such Partnering Transaction, regardless of how our Public Shareholders vote.

The ability of our Public Shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to a potential partnering candidate, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a Partnering Transaction with a
 partnering candidate.

The ability of our Public Shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable Partnering Transaction or optimize our capital structure.

The requirement that we complete our Partnering Transaction by July 6, 2023 (or October 6, 2023, as applicable) may give potential partnering candidates leverage over us in negotiating a Partnering Transaction and may limit the time we
 have in which to conduct due diligence on potential Partnering Transaction candidates, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our Partnering Transaction on terms that would
 produce value for our shareholders.

Our search for a Partnering Transaction, and any partnering candidate with which we ultimately consummate a Partnering Transaction, may be materially adversely affected by the coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak and volatility of debt and
 equity markets.

If a shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our Partnering Transaction, or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed.

Public Shareholders will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate their investment, Public Shareholders may be forced to sell their public
 shares or warrants, potentially at a loss.

The NYSE may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit Public Shareholders ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions.

Public Shareholders will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies.

1 

Table of Contents 

PART I 

ITEM 1. 

BUSINESS

Company

We were incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company on December 29, 2020 for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar Partnering
 Transaction with one or more businesses, which we refer to throughout this Report as our Partnering Transaction. To date, our efforts have been limited to our organizational activities and activities related to our initial public offering (the
 Initial Public Offering and the identification and evaluation of prospective acquisition targets for our Partnering Transaction. W e intend to effectuate our business combination using cash derived from
 the proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, our shares, debt or a combination of cash, shares and debt.

Our Sponsor

Our Sponsor is an affiliate of Corsair Capital, one of the longest-standing private equity investors in the financial and business services industries, having been founded in 1992. Since inception, Corsair Capital
 has led over 11 billion of investments across its global private equity and infrastructure platforms. As a preeminent financial services specialist, Corsair Capital has developed deep expertise and an extensive network within the global
 financial and business services industry. The firm invests in high-growth, asset-light businesses that operate at the crossroads of technology transformation and financial services complexity, requiring Corsair Capital s sectoral knowledge and
 network to drive value.

The Corsair Capital Investment Committee, which includes our Chief Executive Officer, D. T. Ignacio Jayanti, and our Chief Financial Officer and President, Jeremy S. Schein, is comprised of experienced professionals
 with dedicated financial and business services operating, investing and advisory backgrounds. The Corsair Capital Investment Committee has been investing together for an average of 15 years, with decades of experience in the financial and
 business services sectors, and has spent the majority of its duration investing through many different macroeconomic and credit cycles.

Corporate Information

Our executive offices are located at 717 5th Avenue, 24th Floor, New York, New York, and our telephone number is (212) 224-9400 . Our
 corporate website address is https://corsair-capital.com/spac . Our website and the information contained on, or that can be accessed
 through, the website is not deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and is not considered part of, this Annual Report. 

We are a Cayman Islands exempted company. Exempted companies are Cayman Islands companies conducting business mainly outside the Cayman Islands and, as such, are exempted from complying with
 certain provisions of the Companies Law. As an exempted company, we have received a tax exemption undertaking from the Cayman Islands government that, in accordance with Section 6 of the Tax Concessions Law (2018 Revision) of the Cayman Islands,
 for a period of 20 years from the date of the undertaking, no law which is enacted in the Cayman Islands imposing any tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations will apply to us or our operations and, in addition, that no tax to
 be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations or which is in the nature of estate duty or inheritance tax will be payable (i) on or in respect of our shares, debentures or other obligations or (ii) by way of the withholding in whole or in
 part of a payment of dividend or other distribution of income or capital by us to our shareholders or a payment of principal or interest or other sums due under a debenture or other obligation of us.

We are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012
 (the JOBS Act ). As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being
 required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy
 statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less
 attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile.

2 

Table of Contents 

In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act
 for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take
 advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period.

We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of our Initial Public Offering, (b) in
 which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A Ordinary Shares that are held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as
 of the prior June 30, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. References herein to emerging growth company will have the meaning associated with it
 in the JOBS Act.

Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Rule 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations,
 including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of any fiscal year for so long as either (1) the market value of our Class A Ordinary Shares
 held by non-affiliates did not exceed 250 million as of the prior June 30, or (2) our annual revenues did not exceed 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our Class A Ordinary Shares held by non-affiliates did
 not exceed 700 million as of the prior June 30.

Partnering Transaction

The New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) rules require that our Partnering Transaction must be with one or more operating businesses or assets with a fair market value equal to at least 80 of the net assets held in the
 trust account (net of amounts disbursed to management for working capital purposes, if permitted, and excluding the amount of any deferred underwriting discount). We refer to this as the 80 of net assets test.

We anticipate structuring our Partnering Transaction so that the post-transaction company in which our Public Shareholders own shares will own or acquire 100 of the outstanding equity interests or assets of the
 partnering candidate or candidates. We may, however, structure our Partnering Transaction such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the partnering candidate in order to meet certain
 objectives of the partnering candidate management team or shareholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such Partnering Transaction if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities
 of the partnering candidate or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the partnering candidate sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company
 owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the partnering candidate, our shareholders prior to our Partnering Transaction may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to
 the partnering candidate and us in our Partnering Transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all the outstanding capital stock of a partnering candidate. In this
 case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the partnering candidate. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior to our Partnering Transaction could own less than a
 majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our Partnering Transaction. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a partnering candidate or candidates are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such
 business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of net assets test. If our Partnering Transaction involves more than one partnering candidate, the 80 of net assets test will be based on the
 aggregate value of all the partnering candidates.

We filed a Registration Statement on Form 8-A with the SEC to voluntarily register our securities under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. As a result, we are subject to the rules and regulations promulgated under the
 Exchange Act. We have no current intention of filing a Form 15 to suspend our reporting or other obligations under the Exchange Act prior or subsequent to the consummation of our Partnering Transaction.

3 

Table of Contents 

We may pursue a Partnering Transaction opportunity jointly with our Sponsor, Corsair Capital or one or more of its affiliates and/or investors in Corsair Capital or one of its affiliates. Any such parties may
 co-invest with us in the partnering candidate at the time of our Partnering Transaction, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the acquisition by issuing to such parties a class of equity or Equity-Linked Securities. Any such issuance
 of equity or Equity-Linked Securities would, on a fully diluted basis, reduce the percentage ownership of our then-existing shareholders. Notwithstanding the foregoing, pursuant to the anti-dilution provisions
 of our Founder Shares, issuances or deemed issuances of Class A Ordinary Shares or Equity-Linked Securities would result in an adjustment to the ratio at which Founder Shares shall convert into Class A Ordinary Shares such that our Initial
 Shareholders and their permitted transferees, if any, would retain their aggregate percentage ownership at 5 of the sum of the total number of all as-converted Class A Ordinary Shares outstanding upon completion of our Initial Public Offering
 (including the private placement shares), plus all Class A Ordinary Shares and Equity-Linked Securities issued or deemed issued in connection with the Partnering Transaction, unless the holders of a majority of the then-outstanding Founder
 Shares agree to waive such adjustment with respect to such issuance or deemed issuance at the time thereof. Neither our Sponsor nor Corsair Capital, nor any of their respective affiliates, have an obligation to make any such investment,
 and may compete with us for potential Partnering Transactions.

Status as a Public Company

We believe our structure will make us an attractive Partnering Transaction partner to partnering candidates. As an existing public company, we offer a partnering candidate an alternative to the traditional initial
 public offering through a merger or other Partnering Transaction with us. In a Partnering Transaction with us, the owners of the partnering candidate may, for example, exchange their shares of stock in the partnering candidate for our Class A
 Ordinary Shares (or shares of a new holding company) or for a combination of Class A Ordinary Shares and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration to the specific needs of the sellers. We believe partnering candidates will find this method a
 more expeditious and cost effective method to becoming a public company than the typical initial public offering. The typical initial public offering process takes a significantly longer period of time than the typical Partnering Transaction
 process, and there are significant expenses and market and other uncertainties in the initial public offering process, including underwriting discounts and commissions, marketing and road show efforts that may not be present to the same extent in
 connection with a Partnering Transaction with us.

Furthermore, once a proposed Partnering Transaction is completed, the partnering candidate will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public offering is always subject to the underwriters ability to
 complete the offering, as well as general market conditions, which could delay or prevent the offering from occurring or could have negative valuation consequences. Following a Partnering Transaction, we believe the partnering candidate would
 then have greater access to capital, an additional means of providing management incentives consistent with shareholders interests and the ability to use its shares as currency for acquisitions. Being a public company can offer further benefits
 by augmenting a company s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees.

While we believe that our structure and our management team s backgrounds will make us an attractive business partner, some potential partnering candidates may view our status as a blank check company, such as our
 lack of an operating history and our ability to seek shareholder approval of any proposed Partnering Transaction, negatively.

Financial Position

With funds available for a Partnering Transaction in the amount of 285,226,827 (assuming no redemptions), we offer a partnering candidate a variety of options such as creating a liquidity event for its owners,
 providing capital for the potential growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its debt ratio. Because we are able to complete our Partnering Transaction using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a
 combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to use the most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the partnering candidate to fit its needs and desires. However, we have not taken any steps
 to secure third party financing and there can be no assurance it will be available to us.

4 

Table of Contents 

Effecting Our Partnering Transaction

General

We intend to effectuate our Partnering Transaction using cash from the proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and the private placement of the Private Placement Warrants, the proceeds of the sale of our shares in
 connection with our Partnering Transaction (pursuant to the Forward Purchase Agreement or other Forward Purchase Agreements or backstop agreements we may enter into from time to time), shares issued to the owners of the partnering candidate, debt
 issued to bank or other lenders or the owners of the partnering candidate, or a combination of the foregoing. We may seek to complete our Partnering Transaction with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of
 development or growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses.

If our Partnering Transaction is paid for using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our Partnering
 Transaction or used for redemptions of our Class A Ordinary Shares, we may apply the balance of the cash released to us from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the
 post-transaction company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our Partnering Transaction, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital.

We may need to obtain additional financing to complete our Partnering Transaction, either because the transaction requires more cash than what is held in our trust account or because we become obligated to redeem a
 significant number of our Public Shares upon completion of the Partnering Transaction, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such Partnering Transaction. There are no prohibitions on our ability to
 issue securities or incur debt in connection with our Partnering Transaction. Other than the Forward Purchase Agreement, we are not a party to any arrangement or understanding with any third party with respect to raising any additional funds
 through the sale of securities, the incurrence of debt or otherwise.

Although our management will assess the risks inherent in a particular partnering candidate with which we may combine, we cannot assure Public Shareholders that this assessment will result in our identifying all
 risks that a partnering candidate may encounter. Furthermore, some of those risks may be outside of our control, meaning that we can do nothing to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely affect a partnering candidate.

Sources of Partnering Candidates

We are not prohibited from pursuing a Partnering Transaction with a partnering candidate that is affiliated with our Sponsor, officers or directors, or from completing the Partnering Transaction through a joint
 venture or other form of shared ownership with our Sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our Partnering Transaction with a partnering candidate that is affiliated with our Sponsor, executive officers or directors, we,
 or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or an independent accounting firm, that such a Partnering Transaction is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not
 required to obtain such an opinion in any other context.

Evaluation of a Partnering Candidate and Structuring of Our Partnering Transaction

In evaluating a prospective partnering candidate, we expect to conduct a due diligence review which may encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, interviews of
 customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities, as applicable, as well as a review of financial, operational, legal and other information which will be made available to us. If we determine to move forward with a particular partnering
 candidate, we will proceed to structure and negotiate the terms of the Partnering Transaction.

The time required to select and evaluate a partnering candidate and to structure and complete our Partnering Transaction, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of
 certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of, and negotiation with, a prospective partnering candidate with which our Partnering Transaction is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and
 will reduce the funds we can use to complete another Partnering Transaction. The company will not pay any consulting fees to members of our management team, or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered to or in connection with our
 Partnering Transaction.

5 

Table of Contents 

Lack of Business Diversification

For an indefinite period of time after the completion of our Partnering Transaction, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance of a single business. Unlike other entities that have
 the resources to complete a Partnering Transaction with multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in a single line of business.
 By completing our Partnering Transaction with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may:

subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our Partnering Transaction, and

cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services.

Limited Ability to Evaluate the Partnering Candidate s Management Team

Although we intend to closely scrutinize the management of a prospective partnering candidate when evaluating the desirability of effecting our Partnering Transaction with that business, our assessment of the
 partnering candidate s management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of members of our management
 team, if any, in the partnering candidate cannot presently be stated with any certainty. The determination as to whether any of the members of our management team will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our Partnering
 Transaction. While it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our Partnering Transaction, it is unlikely that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to
 our Partnering Transaction. Moreover, we cannot assure Public Shareholders that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular partnering candidate.

We cannot assure Public Shareholders that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will
 remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our Partnering Transaction.

Following a Partnering Transaction, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the partnering candidate. We cannot assure Public Shareholders that we will have the ability to
 recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management.

Facilities

We currently sub-lease our executive offices at 717 5th Avenue, 24th Floor, New York, NY from our Sponsor. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations.

Employees

We currently have two executive officers, D.T. Ignacio Jayanti and Jeremy S. Schein. Neither D.T. Ignacio Jayanti nor Jeremy S. Schein is obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they
 intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our Partnering Transaction. The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a partnering candidate has been
 selected for our Partnering Transaction and the stage of the Partnering Transaction process we are in. We do not intend to have any full time employees prior to the completion of our Partnering Transaction.

6 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 1A. 

RISK FACTORS

An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. Public Shareholders should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained in this Report, before
 making a decision to invest in our units. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and
 Public Shareholders could lose all or part of their investment.

Risks Relating to our Search for, and Consummation of or Inability to Consummate, a Partnering Transaction

Our shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed Partnering Transaction, which means we may complete our Partnering Transaction even though a
 majority of our shareholders do not support such a transaction.

We may choose not to hold a shareholder vote to approve our Partnering Transaction if the Partnering Transaction would not require shareholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements.
 Except for as required by applicable law or stock exchange requirements, the decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed Partnering Transaction or will allow shareholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer
 will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek shareholder approval. Accordingly, we may
 complete our Partnering Transaction even if holders of a majority of our Ordinary Shares do not approve of the Partnering Transaction we complete.

Our Public Shareholders only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential Partnering Transaction may be limited to the exercise of their right to
 redeem their shares from us for cash.

Our Public Shareholders will not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of our Partnering Transaction. Since our board of directors may complete a Partnering Transaction without
 seeking shareholder approval, Public Shareholders may not have the right or opportunity to vote on the Partnering Transaction, unless we seek such shareholder vote. Accordingly, our Public Shareholders only opportunity to affect the investment
 decision regarding our Partnering Transaction may be limited to exercising their redemption rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to them in which we describe our
 Partnering Transaction.

If we seek shareholder approval of our Partnering Transaction, our Initial Shareholders and management team have agreed to vote in favor of such Partnering Transaction,
 regardless of how our Public Shareholders vote.

Our Initial Shareholders hold 20 of the outstanding voting power of our Ordinary Shares (not including the Forward Purchase Shares). Our Initial Shareholders and management team also may from time to time purchase
 Class A Ordinary Shares prior to our Partnering Transaction. Our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association provides that, if we seek shareholder approval of a Partnering Transaction, such Partnering Transaction will be approved
 if we receive the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares voted at such meeting, including the Founder Shares and the Performance Shares. As a result, in addition to the Founder Shares and Performance Shares, we would need 12,640,500, or
 45 , of the 28,090,000 Public Shares sold in our Initial Public Offering to be voted in favor of a Partnering Transaction in order to have our Partnering Transaction approved (assuming all outstanding shares are voted). Accordingly, if we seek
 shareholder approval of our Partnering Transaction, the agreement by our Initial Shareholders and management team to vote in favor of our Partnering Transaction will increase the likelihood that we will receive the requisite shareholder approval
 for such Partnering Transaction.

7 

Table of Contents 

The ability of our Public Shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to a potential partnering candidate, which may make it
 difficult for us to enter into a Partnering Transaction with a partnering candidate.

We may seek to enter into a Partnering Transaction agreement with a prospective partnering candidate that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. If too many
 Public Shareholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able to meet such closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the Partnering Transaction. Furthermore, in no event will we redeem our Public Shares in
 an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 or make us unable to satisfy a
 minimum cash condition as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption and the related Partnering Transaction and may instead search for an alternate Partnering Transaction.

Prospective partnering candidates will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a Partnering Transaction with us.

In evaluating a prospective target business for our initial Partnering Transaction, our management may rely on the availability of all of the funds from the sale of the
 Forward Purchase Securities to be used as part of the consideration to the sellers in the initial Partnering Transaction. If the sale of the Forward Purchase Securities does not close, we may lack sufficient funds to consummate our initial
 Partnering Transaction.

On June 30, 2021, we entered into a Forward Purchase Agreement with an affiliate of our Sponsor, Corsair V Financial Services Capital Partners, L.P., pursuant to which such investor committed to purchase in the
 aggregate, up to 10,000,000 units, with each unit consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-third of one warrant to purchase one Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment, at a purchase price of 10.00 per unit, in
 private placements to occur concurrently, and only in connection with, the closing of our initial Partnering Transaction. The obligations of the investor under the Forward Purchase Agreement will not depend on whether any Class A Ordinary Shares
 are redeemed by our Public Shareholders. The obligations of such investor to purchase the Forward Purchase Securities are subject to the approval, prior to our entering into a definitive agreement for our initial Partnering Transaction, of its
 investment committee and the Forward Purchase Agreement contains customary closing conditions. However, if the sale of the Forward Purchase Securities does not close, we may lack sufficient funds to consummate
 our initial Partnering Transaction. 

The requirement that we complete our Partnering Transaction by July 6, 2023 (or October 6, 2023, as applicable, or such later date as approved by holders of a majority of the
 voting power of our outstanding Ordinary Shares that are voted at a meeting to extend such date, voting together as a single class) may give potential partnering candidates leverage over us in negotiating a Partnering Transaction and may limit
 the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential Partnering Transaction candidates, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our Partnering Transaction on terms that would
 produce value for our shareholders.

Any potential partnering candidate with which we enter into negotiations concerning a Partnering Transaction will be aware that we must complete our Partnering Transaction by July 6, 2023 (or October 6, 2023, as
 applicable). Consequently, such partnering candidate may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a Partnering Transaction, knowing that if we do not complete our Partnering Transaction with that particular partnering candidate, we may be unable to
 complete our Partnering Transaction with any partnering candidate. This risk will increase as we get closer to the timeframe described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our Partnering
 Transaction on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation.

Our search for a Partnering Transaction, and any partnering candidate with which we ultimately consummate a Partnering Transaction, may be materially adversely affected by the
 coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak and volatility of debt and equity markets.

While COVID-19 cases have recently waned, if there is a resurgence of COVID-19 or the occurrence of other significant global events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other
 infectious diseases), we may be unable to complete a Partnering Transaction. We may experience restricted travel, limited ability to have meetings with potential investors or target company personnel, or vendors and services providers may be
 unavailable to negotiate and consummate a Partnering Transaction in a timely manner.

In addition, our ability to consummate a Partnering Transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing, which may be impacted by a resurgence of COVID-19 and other events (such as
 terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases), including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us
 or at all.

8 

Table of Contents 

If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other matters of global concern re-emerge for an extended period, our ability to consummate a Partnering Transaction, or the operations of a partnering candidate with which we
 ultimately consummate a Partnering Transaction, may be materially adversely affected.

We may not be able to complete our Partnering Transaction by July 6, 2023 (or October 6, 2023, as applicable), in which case we would cease all operations except for the
 purpose of winding up and we would redeem our Public Shares and liquidate.

We may not be able to find a suitable partnering candidate and complete our Partnering Transaction by July 6, 2023 (or October 6, 2023, as applicable). Our ability to complete our Partnering Transaction may be
 negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt markets, rising interest rates and the other risks described herein. For example, the outbreak of COVID-19 and its variants spread both in the U.S. and globally
 and, while the continued impact of the outbreak on us will depend on future developments, it could limit our ability to complete our Partnering Transaction, including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity and
 third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. Additionally, the outbreak of COVID-19 and its variants may negatively impact businesses we may seek to acquire. In addition, the U.S. debt ceiling and budget deficit
 concerns have increased the possibility of credit-rating downgrades and economic slowdowns, or a recession in the United States.

If we have not completed our Partnering Transaction within such time period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten
 business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account (net of Permitted
 Withdrawals and up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to
 receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each
 case, to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. If we are required to wind-up, liquidate the trust account and distribute such amount therein, pro rata, to our
 Public Shareholders, as part of any liquidation process, such winding up, liquidation and distribution must comply with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act. In that case, Public Shareholders may be forced to wait beyond July 6, 2023
 (or October 6, 2023, as applicable) before the redemption proceeds of our trust account become available to them, and they receive the return of their pro rata portion of the funds from our trust account. We have no obligation to return funds to
 Public Shareholders prior to the date of our redemption or liquidation unless we consummate our Partnering Transaction prior thereto and only then in cases where Public Shareholders have sought to redeem their Class A Ordinary Shares. Only upon
 our redemption or any liquidation will Public Shareholders be entitled to distributions if we are unable to complete our Partnering Transaction.

We currently maintain all of our working capital cash and cash equivalents with one financial institution and, therefore, our cash and cash equivalents could be adversely
 affected if the financial institution in which we hold our cash and cash equivalents fails.

We currently maintain all of our working capital cash and cash equivalents with one financial institution. At the current time, our cash balance with such financial institution is below the Federal Deposit Insurance
 Corporation insurance FDIC Insurance limit. As a result of the recent inability of certain businesses with accounts at Silicon Valley Bank SVB to gain access to their deposits and the greater focus on the concerns of potential failures of
 other financial institutions, in the future, we may consider diversifying a portion of our cash and cash equivalents with other financial institutions in order to reduce the risks associated with maintaining all of our cash and cash equivalents
 at one financial institution. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the failure of one or more of the financial institutions in which our cash and cash equivalents are held, the resulting inability for us to obtain the return of our funds from any of
 those financial institutions, or any other adverse condition suffered by any of those financial institutions, could impact access to our cash or cash equivalents and could adversely impact our operating liquidity and financial performance.

9 

Table of Contents 

Adverse developments affecting the financial services industry, such as actual events or concerns involving liquidity, defaults or non-performance by financial institutions,
 could adversely affect our ability to consummate a partnering transaction.

Actual events involving limited liquidity, defaults, non-performance or other adverse developments that affect financial institutions, transactional counterparties or other companies in the financial services
 industry or the financial services industry generally, or concerns or rumors about any events of these kinds or other similar risks, have in the past and may in the future lead to market-wide liquidity problems. For example, on March 10, 2023,
 SVB was closed by the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation, which appointed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the FDIC as receiver. Similarly, on March 12, 2023, Signature Bank and Silvergate Capital Corp. were
 each swept into receivership. While the U.S. Federal Reserve, the U.S. Treasury Department, and the FDIC have agreed to guarantee all deposits, above and beyond the limit on insured deposits of 250,000, at these banks, including SVB, there can
 be no assurance that there will not be additional bank failures or issues in the broader U.S. financial system, which may have an impact on the broader capital markets and, in turn, our ability to access those markets in connection with any
 potential partnering transaction, as well as our search for a potential partnering candidate.

If we seek shareholder approval of our Partnering Transaction, our Sponsor, Initial Shareholders, directors, executive officers, advisors and their affiliates may elect to
 purchase shares or public warrants from Public Shareholders, which may influence a vote on a proposed Partnering Transaction and reduce the public float of our Class A Ordinary Shares.

If we seek shareholder approval of our Partnering Transaction and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our Partnering Transaction pursuant to the tender offer rules, our Sponsor, Initial Shareholders,
 directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares or public warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our Partnering Transaction, although they
 are under no obligation to do so. However, other than as expressly stated herein, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None
 of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase shares or public warrants in such transactions.

In the event that our Sponsor, Initial Shareholders, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from Public Shareholders who have already elected
 to exercise their redemption rights, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. The purpose of any such purchase of shares could be to vote such shares in favor of the Partnering
 Transaction and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of the Partnering Transaction or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a partnering candidate that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a
 certain amount of cash at the closing of our Partnering Transaction, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchase of public warrants could be to reduce the number of public warrants
 outstanding or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrantholders for approval in connection with our Partnering Transaction. Any such purchase of our securities may result in the completion of our Partnering Transaction that
 may not otherwise have been possible. We expect any such purchase will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements.

In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our Class A Ordinary Shares or public warrants and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, possibly making it difficult to
 obtain or maintain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange.

10 

Table of Contents 

If we seek shareholder approval of our Partnering Transaction and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if any individual Public Shareholders
 or a group of shareholders are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our Class A Ordinary Shares, such Public Shareholders will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 of our Class A Ordinary Shares.

If we seek shareholder approval of our Partnering Transaction and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our Partnering Transaction pursuant to the tender offer rules, our Amended and Restated Memorandum
 and Articles of Association provides that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act),
 will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our Initial Public Offering without our prior consent, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. However, we would not be
 restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our Partnering Transaction. Public Shareholders inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce their influence over our ability to
 complete our Partnering Transaction and Public Shareholders could suffer a material loss on their investment in us if they sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, Public Shareholders will not receive redemption distributions
 with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our Partnering Transaction. And as a result, Public Shareholders will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell their
 shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss.

Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for Partnering Transaction opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our Partnering
 Transaction. If we do not complete our Partnering Transaction, our Public Shareholders may receive only their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to Public Shareholders, and our warrants will
 expire worthless.

We expect to encounter competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and
 other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well-established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly or
 indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess similar or greater technical, human and other resources to ours or more local industry knowledge than we do and our
 financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous partnering candidates we could potentially acquire with the cash held in our trust account, our ability to
 compete with respect to the acquisition of certain partnering candidates that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain
 partnering candidates. Furthermore, we are obligated to offer holders of our Public Shares the right to redeem their shares for cash at the time of our Partnering Transaction in conjunction with a shareholder vote or via a tender offer.
 Partnering candidates will be aware that this may reduce the resources available to us for our Partnering Transaction. Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a Partnering Transaction. If we
 do not complete our Partnering Transaction, our Public Shareholders may receive only their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to Public Shareholders, and our warrants will expire worthless.

If the cash held outside the trust account is insufficient to allow us to operate for at least until July 6, 2023 (or October 6, 2023, as applicable), it could limit the
 amount available to fund our search for a partnering candidate or candidates and complete our Partnering Transaction, and we will depend on loans from our Sponsor or management team to fund our search and to complete our Partnering Transaction.

As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 307,000 in cash held outside the trust account to fund our working capital requirements. We believe that the funds available to us outside of the trust account are
 sufficient to allow us to operate for at least until July 6, 2023 (or October 6, 2023, as applicable); however, we cannot assure Public Shareholders that our estimate is accurate. We could use a portion of the funds available to us to pay fees to
 consultants to assist us with our search for a partnering candidate. We could also use a portion of the funds as a down payment or to fund a no-shop provision (a provision in letters of intent or merger agreements designed to keep partnering
 candidates from shopping around for transactions with other companies or investors on terms more favorable to such partnering candidates) with respect to a particular proposed Partnering Transaction, although we do not have any current intention
 to do so. If we entered into a letter of intent or merger agreement where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a partnering candidate and were subsequently required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or
 otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a partnering candidate.

If we are required to seek additional capital, we would need to borrow funds from our Sponsor, management team or other third parties to operate or may be forced to liquidate. Neither our Sponsor, members of our
 management team nor any of their affiliates is under any obligation to advance funds to us in such circumstances. Any such advances would be repaid only from funds held outside the trust account or from funds released to us upon completion of our
 Partnering Transaction. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into Private Placement Warrants of the post-Partnering Transaction entity at a price of 1.50 per private placement warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would
 be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. Prior to the completion of our Partnering Transaction, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be
 willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. If we do not complete our Partnering Transaction because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced
 to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. Consequently, our Public Shareholders may only receive an estimated 10.00 per share, or possibly less, on our redemption of our Public Shares, and our warrants will expire worthless.

11 

Table of Contents 

There is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.

In connection with the assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standard Board FASB ASC Topic 205-40, Presentation of Financial
 Statements Going Concern, we have until July 6, 2023 (or October 6, 2023, as applicable) to consummate a Partnering Transaction. It is uncertain that we will be able to consummate a Partnering Transaction by this time. If a Partnering
 Transaction is not consummated by this date, or we have not executed a letter of intent, agreement in principle or definitive agreement for a Partnering Transaction by such date (and subsequently extended such deadline to October 6, 2023),
 there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution of the Company. We have determined that the liquidity condition and mandatory liquidation, should a Partnering Transaction not occur, and potential subsequent dissolution raises
 substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should we be required to liquidate after July 6, 2023. See Management s Discussion and Analysis
 of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Going Concern and Capital Resources. 

Subsequent to the completion of our Partnering Transaction, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have
 a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and the price of our securities, which could cause Public Shareholders to lose some or all of their investment.

Even if we conduct extensive due diligence on a partnering candidate with which we combine, we cannot assure Public Shareholders that this diligence will identify all material issues that may be present with a
 particular partnering candidate, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence, or that factors outside of the partnering candidate and outside of our control will not later arise. As a
 result of these factors, we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies
 certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity,
 the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a
 result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a partnering candidate or by virtue of our obtaining debt financing to partially finance the Partnering Transaction or thereafter. Accordingly, any shareholders or warrant holders who choose to remain
 shareholders or warrant holders following the Partnering Transaction could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such shareholders or warrant holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to
 successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy
 solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, relating to the Partnering Transaction contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission.

We may not hold an annual general meeting until after the consummation of our Partnering Transaction, which could delay the opportunity for our shareholders to appoint
 directors.

In accordance with the NYSE s corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual general meeting until no later than one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on the NYSE.
 There is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual or extraordinary general meetings to appoint directors. Until we hold an annual general meeting, Public Shareholders may not be afforded the opportunity to appoint directors
 and to discuss company affairs with management. Our board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being appointed in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first general
 meeting) serving a three-year term. In addition, as holders of our Class A Ordinary Shares, our Public Shareholders will not have the right to vote on the appointment of directors until after the consummation of our Partnering Transaction. Only
 holders of Founder Shares will have the right to appoint directors in any general meeting held prior to or in connection with the completion of our Partnering Transaction.

12 

Table of Contents 

Public Shareholders will not be permitted to exercise their warrants unless we register and qualify the underlying Class A Ordinary Shares or certain exemptions are available.

If the issuance of the Class A Ordinary Shares upon exercise of the warrants is not registered, qualified or exempt from registration or qualification under the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws,
 holders of warrants will not be entitled to exercise such warrants and such warrants may have no value and expire worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their warrants as part of a purchase of units will have paid the full units purchase
 price solely for the Class A Ordinary Shares included in the units.

We have not registered, and do not intend to register the Class A Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this time. However, under the terms of
 the warrant agreement, we have agreed that, as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 15 business days, after the closing of our Partnering Transaction, we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a
 post-effective amendment to the registration statement covering the registration under the Securities Act of the Class A Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and thereafter will use our commercially reasonable efforts to cause
 the same to become effective within 60 business days following our Partnering Transaction and to maintain a current prospectus relating to the Class A Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants until the expiration of the warrants in
 accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement.

We cannot assure Public Shareholders that we will be able to do so if, for example, any facts or events arise which represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement or
 prospectus, the financial statements contained or incorporated by reference therein are not current or correct or the SEC issues a stop order.

If the Class A Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act, under the terms of the warrant agreement, holders of warrants who seek to exercise their warrants
 will not be permitted to do so for cash and, instead, will be required to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption.

In no event will warrants be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such
 exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration or qualification is available.

If our Class A Ordinary Shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of covered securities under Section 18(b)(1) of the
 Securities Act, we may, at our option, not permit holders of warrants who seek to exercise their warrants to do so for cash and, instead, require them to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act; in the
 event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement or register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under applicable state securities laws, and in the event we do not so elect, we will use
 our commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under applicable state securities laws to the extent an exemption is not available.

In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant, or issue securities (other than upon a cashless exercise as described above) or other compensation in exchange for the warrants in the event that we are
 unable to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under the Securities Act or applicable state securities laws.

13 

Table of Contents 

Public Shareholders may only be able to exercise their public warrants on a cashless basis under certain circumstances, and if they do so, they will receive fewer Class A
 Ordinary Shares from such exercise than if they were to exercise such warrants for cash.

The warrant agreement provides that in the following circumstances holders of warrants who seek to exercise their warrants will not be permitted to do for cash and will, instead, be required to do so on a cashless
 basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act: (i) if the Class A Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act in accordance with the terms of the warrant agreement; (ii) if
 we have so elected and the Class A Ordinary Shares is at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of covered securities under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities
 Act; and (iii) if we have so elected and we call the public warrants for redemption. If Public Shareholders exercise their public warrants on a cashless basis, they would pay the warrant exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number
 of Class A Ordinary Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A Ordinary Shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair market value of our Class A Ordinary Shares (as defined
 in the next sentence) over the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value is the average reported closing price of the Class A Ordinary Shares for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior
 to the date on which the notice of exercise is received by the warrant agent or on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants, as applicable. In no event will the warrants be exercisable in connection with this redemption
 feature for more than 0.361 Class A Ordinary Shares per warrant (subject to adjustment). As a result, Public Shareholders would receive fewer Class A Ordinary Shares from such exercise than if they were to exercise such warrants for cash.

Our ability to require holders of our warrants to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis after we call the warrants for redemption or if there is no effective registration
 statement covering the Class A Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of these warrants will cause holders to receive fewer Class A Ordinary Shares upon their exercise of the warrants than they would have received had they been able to pay the
 exercise price of their warrants in cash.

If we call the warrants for redemption, holders will have the option to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis under certain circumstances. If holders choose to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, the
 number of Class A Ordinary Shares received by a holder upon exercise will be fewer than it would have been had such holder exercised his or her warrant for cash. For example, if the holder is exercising 875 public warrants at 11.50 per share
 through a cashless exercise when the Class A Ordinary Shares have a fair market value of 17.50 per share when there is no effective registration statement, then upon the cashless exercise, the holder will receive 300 Class A Ordinary Shares. The
 holder would have received 875 Class A Ordinary Shares if the exercise price was paid in cash. This will have the effect of reducing the potential upside of the holder s investment in our company because the warrant holder will hold a smaller
 number of Class A Ordinary Shares upon a cashless exercise of the warrants they hold.

The grant of registration rights to our Initial Shareholders and holders of our Private Placement Warrants may make it more difficult to complete our Partnering Transaction,
 and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our Class A Ordinary Shares.

Pursuant to the agreement entered into concurrently with the issuance and sale of the securities in our Initial Public Offering, our Initial Shareholders and their permitted transferees can demand that we register
 the Founder Shares, the Performance Shares and the Class A Ordinary Shares into which such Founder Shares and Performance Shares are convertible, holders of our Private Placement Warrants and their permitted transferees can demand that we
 register the Class A Ordinary Shares and the warrants (and the Class A Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of such warrants) underlying such Private Placement Warrants, and holders of Private Placement Warrants that may be issued upon
 conversion of working capital loans may demand that we register the Class A Ordinary Shares and the warrants (and the Class A Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of such warrants) underlying such Private Placement Warrants.

Pursuant to the Forward Purchase Agreement, we will use our reasonable best efforts (i) to file within 30 days after the closing of the initial Partnering Transaction a registration statement with the SEC for a
 secondary offering of the Forward Purchase Shares and the Forward Purchase Warrants (and underlying Class A Ordinary Shares), (ii) to cause such registration statement to be declared effective promptly thereafter but in no event later than 60
 days after the initial filing, (iii) to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement until the earliest of (A) the date on which the purchaser or its assignees cease to hold the securities covered thereby, and (B) the date all of the
 securities covered thereby can be sold publicly without restriction or limitation under Rule 144 under the Securities Act and (iv) after such registration statement is declared effective, cause us to conduct firm commitment underwritten
 offerings, subject to certain limitations. In addition, the Forward Purchase Agreement provides for certain piggy-back registration rights to the holders of Forward Purchase Securities to include their securities in other registration
 statements filed by us.

14 

Table of Contents 

We will bear the cost of registering these securities. The registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of
 our Class A Ordinary Shares. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make our Partnering Transaction more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the shareholders of the partnering candidate may increase the equity
 stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price of our Class A Ordinary Shares that is expected when the Class A Ordinary Shares owned by our Initial Shareholders,
 holders of our Private Placement Warrants, holders of our working capital loans or their respective permitted transferees are registered.

Because we are neither limited to evaluating a partnering candidate in a particular industry sector nor have we selected any specific partnering candidate with which to pursue
 our Partnering Transaction, Public Shareholders will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular partnering candidate s operations.

Our efforts to identify a prospective Partnering Transaction candidate will not be limited to a particular industry, sector or geographic region. While we may pursue a Partnering Transaction opportunity in any
 industry or sector, we intend to capitalize on the ability of our management team to identify, acquire and operate a business or businesses that can benefit from our management team s established global relationships and operating experience. Our
 management team has extensive experience in identifying and executing strategic investments globally and has done so successfully in a number of sectors, including financial services. Our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of
 Association prohibits us from effectuating a Partnering Transaction solely with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations. Because we have not yet selected any specific partnering candidate with respect to a
 Partnering Transaction, there is no basis to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any particular partnering candidate s operations, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition or prospects. To the extent we complete our
 Partnering Transaction, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which we combine. For example, if we combine with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or
 earnings, we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or a development stage entity. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular partnering
 candidate, we cannot assure Public Shareholders that we will properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our
 control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a partnering candidate. We also cannot assure Public Shareholders that an investment in our units will ultimately prove to be more
 favorable to them than a direct investment, if such opportunity were available, in a partnering candidate. Accordingly, any shareholders or warrant holders who choose to remain shareholders or warrant holders following the Partnering Transaction
 could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such shareholders or warrant holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our
 officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, relating to the
 Partnering Transaction contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission.

Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective partnering candidates, we may enter into our Partnering
 Transaction with a partnering candidate that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the partnering candidate with which we enter into our Partnering Transaction may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general
 criteria and guidelines.

Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective partnering candidates, it is possible that a partnering candidate with which we enter into our Partnering Transaction will not
 have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our Partnering Transaction with a partnering candidate that does not meet some or all of these guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a business that does
 meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective Partnering Transaction with a partnering candidate that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of shareholders may exercise
 their redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a partnering candidate that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if shareholder approval of the
 transaction is required by law, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other legal reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain shareholder approval of our Partnering Transaction if the partnering candidate does not
 meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we do not complete our Partnering Transaction, our Public Shareholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to Public
 Shareholders, and our warrants will expire worthless.

15 

Table of Contents 

We may issue additional Class A Ordinary Shares or preference shares to complete our Partnering Transaction or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our
 Partnering Transaction. We may also issue Class A Ordinary Shares upon the conversion of the Founder Shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our Partnering Transaction as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our
 Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our shareholders and likely present other risks.

Our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association authorizes the issuance of up to 380,000,000 Class A Ordinary Shares, par value 0.0001 per share, 1,000,000 Class B Ordinary Shares, par value, 0.0001
 per share, 50,000,000 Class F Ordinary Shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and 1,000,000 preference shares, par value 0.0001 per share. As of March 15, 2023, there were 351,910,000, 750,000, and 48,595,500 authorized but unissued Class A
 Ordinary Shares, Class B Ordinary Shares, and Class F Ordinary Shares, respectively, available for issuance. The Class F Ordinary Shares are automatically convertible into Class A Ordinary Shares concurrently with or immediately following the
 consummation of our Partnering Transaction, initially at a one-for-one ratio but subject to adjustment as set forth herein and in our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association. As of December 31, 2022, there are no preference
 shares issued and outstanding.

We may issue a substantial number of additional Class A Ordinary Shares or preference shares to complete our Partnering Transaction or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our Partnering Transaction.
 We may also issue a substantial and potentially unlimited number of additional Class A Ordinary Shares in accordance with the terms of the Performance Shares, as the Performance Shares are not subject to a conversion limitation in the event of
 increases in the price of our Class A Ordinary Shares. Further, our board of directors (in consultation with our Sponsor) may make a one-time election following our Initial Public Offering and prior to the consummation of a Partnering
 Transaction, may elect to forfeit all of its Performance Shares, require us to effect a share split of the Founder Shares and deliver a number of Founder Shares equal to the number of Performance Shares it forfeits.

In addition, we may also issue Class A Ordinary Shares to redeem the warrants or upon conversion of the Founder Shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our Partnering Transaction as a result of the
 anti-dilution provisions as set forth therein. However, our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association provides, among other things, that prior to our Partnering Transaction, we may not issue additional shares that would entitle
 the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote together as a single class with our then outstanding Public Shares (a) on any Partnering Transaction or (b) to approve an amendment to our Amended and Restated
 Memorandum and Articles of Association to (x) extend the time we have to consummate a Partnering Transaction beyond July 6, 2023 (or October 6, 2023, as applicable) or (y) amend the foregoing provisions. These provisions of our Amended and
 Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, like all provisions of our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, may be amended with a shareholder vote. The issuance of additional ordinary or preference shares:

may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in our Initial Public Offering (which dilutive effect would increase as the price of our Class A Ordinary Shares increases on a year-over-year basis, in respect of shares issued
 upon conversion of the Performance Shares);

may subordinate the rights of holders of Class A Ordinary Shares if preference shares are issued with rights senior to those afforded our Class A Ordinary Shares;

could cause a change in control if a substantial number of Class A Ordinary Shares is issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation
 or removal of our present officers and directors; and

may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, Class A Ordinary Shares and/or warrants.

16 

Table of Contents 

Our Initial Shareholders will receive additional Class A Ordinary Shares if we issue certain shares to consummate a Partnering Transaction.

The Founder Shares will automatically convert into Class A Ordinary Shares concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of our Partnering Transaction on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment for
 share splits, share dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like, and subject to further adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional Class A Ordinary Shares or Equity-Linked Securities are issued or deemed issued in
 connection with our Partnering Transaction (including the Forward Purchase Shares, but not including the Forward Purchase Warrants or any Class A Ordinary Shares issuable with respect to Performance Shares), the number of Class A Ordinary Shares
 issuable upon conversion of all Founder Shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 5 of the total number of as-converted Class A Ordinary Shares outstanding after such conversion (or 20 of the total number of as-converted
 Class A Ordinary Shares outstanding, to the extent our board of directors elects the promote conversion), including the total number of Class A Ordinary Shares issued, or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any Equity-Linked
 Securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the Partnering Transaction (including the Forward Purchase Securities); provided that
 such conversion of Founder Shares into Class A Ordinary Shares will never occur on a less than one-for-one basis.

Resources could be wasted in researching Partnering Transactions that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or
 merge with another business. If we do not complete our Partnering Transaction, our Public Shareholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to Public Shareholders, and our
 warrants will expire worthless.

We anticipate that the investigation of each specific partnering candidate and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments will require substantial
 management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others. If we decide not to complete a specific Partnering Transaction, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be
 recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific partnering candidate, we may fail to complete our Partnering Transaction for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss
 to us of the related costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we do not complete our Partnering Transaction, our Public Shareholders may only receive their
 pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to Public Shareholders, and our warrants will expire worthless.

We may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a Partnering Transaction, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial
 condition and thus negatively impact the value of our shareholders investment in us.

Although we have no commitments as of the date of this Report to issue any notes or other debt securities, we may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our Partnering Transaction. We and our officers have
 agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the trust account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per
 share amount available for redemption from the trust account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including:

default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after a Partnering Transaction are insufficient to repay our debt obligations;

acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver
 or renegotiation of that covenant;

our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable on demand;

our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt is outstanding;

our inability to pay dividends on our Class A Ordinary Shares;

using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our Class A Ordinary Shares if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and
 other general corporate purposes;

17 

Table of Contents 

limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate;

increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and

limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who
 have less debt.

We may only be able to complete one Partnering Transaction with the cash held in our trust account, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may
 have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations and profitability.

The net proceeds from our Initial Public Offering and the private placement of warrants provided us with 285,226,827 currently held in the trust account that we may use to complete our Partnering Transaction. In
 addition, prior to the consummation of our Initial Public Offering, we entered into a Forward Purchase Agreement with an affiliate, Corsair V Financial Services Capital Partners, L.P., pursuant to which such investor committed to purchase in the
 aggregate, up to 10,000,000 units, with each unit consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-third of one warrant to purchase one Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment, at a purchase price of 10.00 per unit, in
 private placements to occur concurrently, and only in connection with, the closing of our initial Partnering Transaction. The obligations of the investor under the Forward Purchase Agreement will not depend on whether any Class A Ordinary Shares
 are redeemed by our Public Shareholders. The obligations of such investor to purchase the Forward Purchase Securities are subject to the approval, prior to our entering into a definitive agreement for our initial Partnering Transaction, of its
 investment committee and the Forward Purchase Agreement contains customary closing conditions. The proceeds from the sale of Forward Purchase Securities, if any, may be used as part of the consideration to the sellers in our initial Partnering
 Transaction, expenses in connection with our initial Partnering Transaction or for working capital in the post-transaction company. There can be no assurance that the purchase of the Forward Purchase Agreement will close.

We may effectuate our Partnering Transaction with a single partnering candidate or multiple partnering candidates simultaneously or within a short period of time. However, we may not be able to effectuate our
 Partnering Transaction with more than one partnering candidate because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that present
 operating results and the financial condition of several partnering candidates as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our Partnering Transaction with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to
 numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to
 complete several Partnering Transactions in different industries or different areas of a single industry.

Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be:

solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset, or

dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services.

This lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate
 subsequent to our Partnering Transaction.

18 

Table of Contents 

We may attempt to simultaneously complete Partnering Transactions with multiple prospective partnering candidates, which may hinder our ability to complete our Partnering
 Transaction and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability.

If we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous
 closings of the other Partnering Transactions, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete our Partnering Transaction. With multiple Partnering Transactions, we could also face additional risks, including
 additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or
 products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations.

We may attempt to complete our Partnering Transaction with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in a Partnering Transaction with a
 company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all.

In pursuing our Partnering Transaction strategy, we may seek to effectuate our Partnering Transaction with a privately held company. Very little public information generally exists about private companies, and we
 could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential Partnering Transaction on the basis of limited information, which may result in a Partnering Transaction with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all.

We do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete our Partnering Transaction with
 which a substantial majority of our shareholders or warrant holders do not agree.

Our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association does not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that in no event will we redeem our Public Shares in an amount that would cause our
 net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. In addition, our proposed Partnering Transaction may impose a minimum cash requirement for: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the partnering candidate or its owners, (ii) cash for working capital
 or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions. As a result, we may be able to complete our Partnering Transaction even though a substantial majority of our Public Shareholders do not agree with the
 transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if we seek shareholder approval of our Partnering Transaction and do not conduct redemptions in connection with our Partnering Transaction pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into
 privately negotiated agreements to sell their shares to our Sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or any of their affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A Ordinary Shares that are
 validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed Partnering Transaction exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the Partnering Transaction
 or redeem any shares in connection with such Partnering Transaction, all Class A Ordinary Shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate Partnering Transaction.

In order to effectuate a Partnering Transaction, special purpose acquisition companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and other
 governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. We cannot assure Public Shareholders that we will not seek to amend our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association or governing instruments in a manner that will make it
 easier for us to complete our Partnering Transaction that our shareholders may not support.

In order to effectuate a Partnering Transaction, special purpose acquisition companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and governing instruments, including their warrant
 agreements. For example, special purpose acquisition companies have amended the definition of Partnering Transaction, increased redemption thresholds and extended the time to consummate a Partnering Transaction and, with respect to their
 warrants, amended their warrant agreements to require the warrants to be exchanged for cash and/or other securities. Amending certain provisions of our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association requires the approval of a special
 resolution, under Cayman Islands law which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of at least two-thirds of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company, and amending our warrant agreement requires a vote of
 holders of at least 50 of the public warrants that vote on such amendment and, solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the Private Placement Warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the Private Placement
 Warrants, 50 of the number of the then outstanding Private Placement Warrants. In addition, our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association requires us to provide our Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their
 Public Shares for cash if we propose an amendment to our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our Public Shares if we do not complete a Partnering
 Transaction by July 6, 2023 (or October 6, 2023, as applicable) or with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-Partnering Transaction activity. To the extent any of such amendments would be deemed to
 fundamentally change the nature of the securities we would register, or seek an exemption from registration for, the affected securities. We may seek to amend our charter or governing instruments or extend the time to consummate a Partnering
 Transaction in order to effectuate our Partnering Transaction.

19 

Table of Contents 

The provisions of our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association that relate to our pre-Partnering Transaction activity (and corresponding provisions of the
 agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account) may be amended with the approval of at least two-thirds of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company, which is a lower amendment threshold than that
 of some other special purpose acquisition companies. It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association to facilitate the completion of a Partnering Transaction that some of our
 shareholders may not support.

Our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association provides that any of its provisions related to Partnering Transaction activity (including the requirement to deposit proceeds of our Initial Public
 Offering and the private placement of warrants into the trust account and not release such amounts except in specified circumstances, and to provide redemption rights to Public Shareholders as described herein) may be amended if approved by
 special resolution, under Cayman Islands law which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of at least two-thirds of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company, and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement
 governing the release of funds from our trust account may be amended if approved by holders of 65 of our Ordinary Shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of our company for that purpose. In all other instances, our Amended and Restated
 Memorandum and Articles of Association may be amended by holders of a majority of the voting power of our outstanding Ordinary Shares entitled to vote thereon, subject to applicable provisions of applicable stock exchange rules. Our Initial
 Shareholders, who, with their Founder Shares and Performance Shares, will collectively hold 20 of the voting power of our Ordinary Shares prior to the completion of a Partnering Transaction, may participate in any vote to amend our Amended and
 Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of
 Association which govern our pre-Partnering Transaction behavior more easily than some other special purpose acquisition companies, and this may increase our ability to complete a Partnering Transaction with which Public Shareholders do not
 agree.

Our shareholders may pursue remedies against us for any breach of our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association.

Our Sponsor, executive officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to written agreements with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association to modify
 the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our Public Shares if we do not complete our Partnering Transaction by July 6, 2023 (or October 6, 2023, as applicable) or with respect to any other material provisions relating to
 shareholders rights or pre-Partnering Transaction activity, unless we provide our Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A Ordinary Shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal
 to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account (net of Permitted Withdrawals and up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of
 then outstanding Public Shares. Our shareholders are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries of, these agreements and, as a result, will not have the ability to pursue remedies against our Sponsor, executive officers or directors for any
 breach of these agreements. As a result, in the event of a breach, our shareholders would need to pursue a shareholder derivative action, subject to applicable law.

20 

Table of Contents 

We may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our Partnering Transaction or to fund the operations and growth of a partnering candidate, which could compel us
 to restructure or abandon a particular Partnering Transaction. If we do not complete our Partnering Transaction, our Public Shareholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for
 distribution to Public Shareholders, and our warrants will expire worthless.

Although we believe that the cash currently held in our trust account, together with the sale of the Forward Purchase Securities, will be sufficient to allow us to complete our Partnering Transaction, because we have
 not yet selected any specific partnering candidate we cannot ascertain the capital requirements for any particular transaction. If the cash held in our trust account, together with the sale of any Forward Purchase Securities, proves to be
 insufficient, either because of the size of our Partnering Transaction, the depletion of the cash held outside the trust account in search of a partnering candidate, the obligation to redeem for cash a significant number of shares from
 shareholders who elect redemption in connection with our Partnering Transaction, the sale of the Forward Purchase Securities does not close or the terms of negotiated transactions to purchase shares in connection with our Partnering Transaction,
 we may be required to seek additional financing or to abandon the proposed Partnering Transaction. We cannot assure Public Shareholders that such financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. The current economic environment has
 made it especially difficult for companies to obtain acquisition financing. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our Partnering Transaction, we would be compelled to either restructure the
 transaction or abandon that particular Partnering Transaction and seek an alternative partnering candidate. If we do not complete our Partnering Transaction, our Public Shareholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the
 trust account that are available for distribution to Public Shareholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. In addition, even if we do not need additional financing to complete our Partnering Transaction, we may require such financing to
 fund the operations or growth of the partnering candidate. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the partnering candidate. None of our officers, directors or
 shareholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our Partnering Transaction.

Our Initial Shareholders control a substantial interest in us and thus may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that
 our Class A ordinary shareholders do not support.

Our Initial Shareholders, with their Founder Shares and their Performance Shares, hold approximately 20 of the voting power of our Ordinary Shares prior to the completion of a Partnering Transaction. Accordingly,
 they may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that our Class A ordinary shareholders do not support, including amendments to our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of
 Association. Further, pursuant to a Letter Agreement with our Sponsor, we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding a Partnering Transaction without the prior written consent of our Sponsor. As a result, we may not be
 permitted to enter into a Partnering Transaction that our Board believes to be in the shareholders best interests. Further, for so long as any Performance Shares remain outstanding, we may not, without the prior or written consent of the holders
 of a majority of the Performance Shares then outstanding take certain actions such as to (i) change our fiscal year, (ii) increase the number of directors on the Board, (iii) pay any dividends or effect any split on any of our Ordinary Shares or
 make any distributions of cash, securities or any other property, (iv) adopt any shareholder rights plan, (v) acquire any entity or business with assets at a purchase price greater than 10 or more of our total assets measured in accordance with
 generally accepted accounting principles in the United States or the accounting standards then used by us in the preparation of our financial statements or (vi) issue any Class A Ordinary Shares in excess of 20 of our then outstanding Class A
 Ordinary Shares or that would otherwise require a shareholder vote pursuant to the rules of the stock exchange on which the Class A Ordinary Shares are then listed or (vii) make a rights offering to all or substantially all of the holders of
 Class B Ordinary Shares or issue additional Class B Ordinary Shares. As a result, the holders of the Performance Shares may be able to prevent us from taking such actions that the Board believes is in our interest.

If our Initial Shareholders purchase any units in our Initial Public Offering or if our Initial Shareholders purchase any additional Class A Ordinary Shares in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated transactions,
 this would increase their control. Neither our Initial Shareholders nor, to our knowledge, any of our officers or directors, have any current intention to purchase additional securities, other than as disclosed in this Report. Factors that would
 be considered in making such additional purchases would include consideration of the current trading price of our Class A Ordinary Shares. In addition, our board of directors, whose members were elected by our Sponsor, is and will be divided into
 three classes, each of which will generally serve for a terms for three years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. We may not hold an annual meeting of shareholders to elect new directors prior to the completion of our
 Partnering Transaction, in which case all of the current directors will continue in office until at least the completion of the Partnering Transaction. If there is an annual meeting, as a consequence of our staggered board of directors, only a
 minority of the board of directors will be considered for election and our Initial Shareholders, because of their ownership position, will have considerable influence regarding the outcome. Accordingly, our Initial Shareholders will continue to
 exert control at least until the completion of our Partnering Transaction.

21 

Table of Contents 

Because we must furnish our shareholders with partnering candidate financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous Partnering Transaction
 with some prospective partnering candidates.

The federal proxy rules require that the proxy statement with respect to the vote on a Partnering Transaction include historical and pro forma financial statement disclosure. We will include the same financial
 statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting
 principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ), or international financial reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board IFRS ), depending on the circumstances and the historical financial
 statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ). These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential partnering candidates we
 may acquire because some partnering candidates may be unable to provide such financial statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our Partnering Transaction within the prescribed time
 frame.

Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate our Partnering Transaction, require substantial financial and management
 resources, and increase the time and costs of completing a Partnering Transaction.

Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with this Report on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2022. Only in the event we are
 deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal
 control over financial reporting. Further, for as long as we remain an emerging growth company, we will not be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over
 financial reporting. The fact that we are a newly organized company established for the purpose of identifying a company to partner with in order to effectuate a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar
 Partnering Transaction makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a partnering candidate with which we seek to complete our Partnering Transaction
 may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time
 and costs necessary to complete any such Partnering Transaction.

Provisions in our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in
 the future for our Class A Ordinary Shares and could entrench management.

Our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association contains provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that shareholders may consider to be in their best interests. These provisions
 include a staggered board of directors, the ability of the board of directors to designate the terms of and issue new classes of preference shares, and potential payments owed with respect to our Performance Shares, which may make the removal of
 management more difficult and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities.

If we effect our Partnering Transaction with a company located outside of the United States, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may adversely affect us.

If we pursue a partnering candidate with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our Partnering Transaction, we may face additional burdens in connection with investigating, agreeing to and
 completing such Partnering Transaction, and if we effect such Partnering Transaction, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations.

If we pursue a partnering candidate with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our Partnering Transaction, we would be subject to risks associated with cross-border Partnering Transactions,
 including in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing our Partnering Transaction, conducting due diligence in a foreign jurisdiction, having such transaction approved by any local governments, regulators or agencies and changes
 in the purchase price based on fluctuations in foreign exchange rates.

22 

Table of Contents 

If we effect our Partnering Transaction with such a company, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in an international setting, including any of the following:

costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations;

rules and regulations regarding currency redemption;

complex corporate withholding taxes on individuals;

laws governing the manner in which future Partnering Transactions may be effected;

exchange listing and/or delisting requirements;

tariffs and trade barriers;

regulations related to customs and import/export matters;

local or regional economic policies and market conditions;

unexpected changes in regulatory requirements;

challenges in managing and staffing international operations;

longer payment cycles;

tax issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States;

currency fluctuations and exchange controls;

rates of inflation;

challenges in collecting accounts receivable;

cultural and language differences;

employment regulations;

underdeveloped or unpredictable legal or regulatory systems;

corruption;

protection of intellectual property;

social unrest, crime, strikes, riots and civil disturbances;

regime changes and political upheaval;

terrorist attacks and wars; and

deterioration of political relations with the United States.

We may not be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, we may be unable to complete such Partnering Transaction, or, if we complete such Partnering Transaction, our operations
 might suffer, either of which may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.

23 

Table of Contents 

A potential partnering candidate s business could be affected by political instability, including relating to Ukraine and related sanctions or export controls
 imposed by the U.S., EU, UK, or other governments .

The ongoing conflict in Ukraine along with the responses of the governments of the United States, EU member states, the United Kingdom, and other nations have the potential to materially adversely affect a potential
 target business operations or assets in or (direct or indirect) dealings with parties organized or located within Ukraine, Russia, and Belarus. Due to geopolitical developments, the United States, European Union, United Kingdom, and other
 nations have announced or threatened new sanctions and export restrictions targeting Russian and Belarusian individuals and entities, as well as disputed territories within Ukraine. Russia and its allies have and may continue to respond with
 countermeasures, which could further restrict the partnering candidate business operations in or related to the foregoing countries. It is unclear how long existing restrictions (and countermeasures) will remain in place or whether new
 restrictions (or countermeasures) may be imposed. Existing restrictions have negatively impacted the Russian economy, and there can be no guarantee that existing (or new) restrictions or countermeasures will not materially adversely affect the
 Russian (or global) economy. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse impact on a potential partnering candidate business financial condition, results of operations or prospects.

Failure of the U.S. federal government to manage its fiscal matters or to raise or further suspend the debt ceiling, and changes in the amount of federal debt, may negatively
 impact the economic environment and adversely impact our results of operations or those of a potential target.

The U.S. federal government has established a limit on the level of federal debt that it can have outstanding, often referred to as the debt ceiling. Congress has authority to raise or suspend the debt ceiling and to
 approve the funding of U.S. federal government operations within the debt ceiling, and has done both frequently in the past, often on a relatively short-term basis. On January 19, 2023, the U.S. reached its borrowing limit and currently faces a
 risk of defaulting on its debt. Generally, if effective legislation to manage the level of federal debt is not enacted and the debt ceiling is reached in any given year, the federal government may suspend its investments for certain government
 accounts, among other available options, in order to prioritize payments on its obligations. It is anticipated that the U.S. federal government will be able to fund its operations through approximately mid-2023. However, contention among
 policymakers, among other factors, may hinder the enactment of policies to further increase the borrowing limit or to address the debt balance in a timely manner. If Congress does not raise the debt ceiling, it may increase the risk of default by
 the U.S. on its obligations, of a credit rating downgrade of the U.S. federal government and of other economic dislocations. Such circumstances, or the perceived risk of such circumstances, could consequently have a material adverse effect on the
 financial markets and economic conditions in the U.S. and globally. If economic conditions severely deteriorate, they could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations or prospects and those of a potential
 target business. These risks may also adversely impact our overall liquidity, our borrowing costs or the market price of our securities.

Risks Relating to our Securities

The ability of our Public Shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable Partnering
 Transaction or optimize our capital structure.

At the time we enter into an agreement for our Partnering Transaction, we will not know how many shareholders may exercise their redemption rights, and therefore will need to structure the transaction based on our
 expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption. If our Partnering Transaction agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum
 amount of cash at closing, we will need to reserve a portion of the cash in the trust account to meet such requirements, or arrange for third party financing. In addition, if a larger number of shares is submitted for redemption than we initially
 expected, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the trust account or arrange for third party financing. Raising additional third party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the
 incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable Partnering Transaction available to us or optimize our capital structure.

24 

Table of Contents 

The ability of our Public Shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our Partnering
 Transaction would be unsuccessful and that Public Shareholders would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem their shares.

If our Partnering Transaction agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, the probability that our
 Partnering Transaction would be unsuccessful is increased. If our Partnering Transaction is unsuccessful, Public Shareholders would not receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account until we liquidate the trust account. If
 Public Shareholders are in need of immediate liquidity, they could attempt to sell their shares in the open market; however, at such time our shares may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the trust account. In either
 situation, Public Shareholders may suffer a material loss on their investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with their exercise of redemption rights until we liquidate or they are able to sell their shares in the open
 market.

If a shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our Public Shares in connection with our Partnering Transaction, or fails to comply with the procedures for
 tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed.

We will comply with the proxy rules or tender offer rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our Partnering Transaction. Despite our compliance with these rules, if a shareholder fails to
 receive our proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, such shareholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, that we will furnish to
 holders of our Public Shares in connection with our Partnering Transaction will describe the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly tender or submit Public Shares for redemption. For example, we intend to require our
 Public Shareholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to, at the holder s option, either deliver their share certificates to our transfer agent, or to deliver their
 shares to our transfer agent electronically prior to the date set forth in the proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable. In the case of proxy materials, this date may be up to two business days prior to the date on which the vote
 on the proposal to approve the Partnering Transaction is to be held. In addition, if we conduct redemptions in connection with a shareholder vote, we intend to require a public shareholder seeking redemption of its Public Shares to also submit a
 written request for redemption to our transfer agent two business days prior to the vote in which the name of the beneficial owner of such shares is included. In the event that a shareholder fails to comply with these or any other procedures
 disclosed in the proxy or tender offer materials, as applicable, its shares may not be redeemed.

Public Shareholders will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate their
 investment, Public Shareholders may be forced to sell their Public Shares or warrants, potentially at a loss.

Our Public Shareholders are entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earlier to occur of: (i) our completion of a Partnering Transaction, and then only in connection with those Class A Ordinary
 Shares that such shareholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described herein, (ii) the redemption of any Public Shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our Amended and Restated Memorandum
 and Articles of Association to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our Public Shares if we do not complete our Partnering Transaction by July 6, 2023 (or October 6, 2023, as applicable) or with respect to any other
 material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-Partnering Transaction activity, and (iii) the redemption of our Public Shares if we do not complete a Partnering Transaction by July 6, 2023 (or October 6, 2023, as applicable), subject
 to applicable law and as further described herein. In addition, if we do not complete a Partnering Transaction by July 6, 2023 (or October 6, 2023, as applicable), Cayman Islands law may require that we submit a plan of dissolution to our
 then-existing shareholders for approval prior to the distribution of the cash held in our trust account. In that case, Public Shareholders may be forced to wait beyond July 6, 2023 (or October 6, 2023, as applicable) before they receive funds
 from our trust account. In no other circumstances will a public shareholder have any right or interest of any kind in the trust account. Holders of warrants will not have any right to the cash held in the trust account with respect to the
 warrants. Accordingly, to liquidate their investment, they may be forced to sell their Public Shares or warrants, potentially at a loss.

25 

Table of Contents 

The NYSE may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit Public Shareholders ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to
 additional trading restrictions.

Our units, Class A Ordinary Shares and warrants are currently listed on the NYSE. We cannot assure Public Shareholders that our securities will continue to be listed on the NYSE in the future or prior to our
 Partnering Transaction. In order to continue listing our securities on the NYSE prior to our Partnering Transaction, we must maintain certain financial, distribution and share price levels. Generally, we must maintain a minimum average global
 market capitalization and a minimum number of holders of our securities. Additionally, in connection with our Partnering Transaction, we will be required to demonstrate compliance with the NYSE s initial listing requirements, which are more
 rigorous than NYSE s continued listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities on the NYSE. For instance, our share price would generally be required to be at least 4.00 per share and our shareholder s equity
 would generally be required to be at least 5.0 million. We cannot assure Public Shareholders that we will be able to meet those initial listing requirements at that time.

If the NYSE delists our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange, we expect our securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter
 market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including:

a limited availability of market quotations for our securities;

reduced liquidity for our securities;

a determination that our Class A Ordinary Shares are a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our Class A Ordinary Shares to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the
 secondary trading market for our securities;

a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and

a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future.

The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred to as covered securities. 
 Because our units, Class A Ordinary Shares and warrants are currently listed on the NYSE, our units, Class A Ordinary Shares and warrants qualify as covered securities under the statute. Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale
 of our securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a
 particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain state securities regulators view blank check
 companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on the NYSE, our securities would not qualify as
 covered securities under the statute and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities.

Public Shareholders will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies.

Since the net proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants are intended to be used to complete a Partnering Transaction with a partnering candidate that has not been
 selected, we may be deemed to be a blank check company under the United States securities laws. However, because we had net tangible assets in excess of 5,000,000 upon the completion of our Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private
 Placement Warrants and we filed a Current Report on Form 8-K, including an audited balance sheet demonstrating this fact, we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors in blank check companies, such as Rule 419.
 Accordingly, investors are not afforded the benefits or protections of those rules. Among other things, this means we have a longer period of time to complete our Partnering Transaction than do companies subject to Rule 419. Moreover, if our
 Initial Public Offering were subject to Rule 419, that rule would prohibit the release of any interest earned on funds held in the trust account to us unless and until the funds in the trust account were released to us in connection with our
 completion of a Partnering Transaction.

26 

Table of Contents 

If third parties bring claims against us, the cash held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than
 10.00 per share.

Our placement of funds in the trust account may not protect those funds from third party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective partnering candidates and other
 entities with which we do business (other than our independent registered public accounting firm) execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of
 our Public Shareholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach
 of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust
 account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a
 third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. The underwriters of our Initial Public Offering will not execute agreements
 with us waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account.

Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to
 be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will
 agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption of our Public Shares,
 if we do not complete our Partnering Transaction within the prescribed timeframe, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our Partnering Transaction, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that
 were not waived that may be brought against us within the 10 years following redemption.

Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount received by Public Shareholders could be less than the 10.00 per public share initially held in the trust account, due to claims of such creditors. Pursuant to the Letter
 Agreement, our Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective partnering candidate with which we have entered into a written letter
 of intent, confidentiality or other similar agreement or Partnering Transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the
 trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, if less than 10.00 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such
 liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective partnering candidate who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the trust account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any
 claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act.

However, we have not asked our Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe
 that our Sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure Public Shareholders that our Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the trust
 account, the funds available for our Partnering Transaction and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.00 per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our Partnering Transaction, and Public Shareholders would receive
 such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption of their Public Shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective partnering
 candidates.

27 

Table of Contents 

The securities in which we invest the cash held in the trust account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the interest income available for payment of
 taxes or reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.00 per share.

The net proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and certain proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, in the amount of 285,226,827, are held in an interest-bearing trust account. The cash held in the
 trust account may only be invested in direct U.S. Treasury obligations having a maturity of 185 days or less, or in certain money market funds which invest only in direct U.S. Treasury obligations. While short-term U.S. Treasury obligations
 currently yield a positive rate of interest, they have briefly yielded negative interest rates in recent years. Central banks in Europe and Japan pursued interest rates below zero in recent years, and the Open Market Committee of the Federal
 Reserve has not ruled out the possibility that it may in the future adopt similar policies in the United States. In the event of very low or negative yields, the amount of interest income (net of Permitted Withdrawals) would be reduced. In the
 event that we are unable to complete our initial Partnering Transaction, our Public Shareholders are entitled to receive their pro-rata share of the cash held in the trust account, plus any interest income. If the balance of the trust account is
 reduced below 280,900,000 as a result of negative interest rates, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our Public Shareholders may be reduced below 10.00 per share.

Our directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of our Sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available for
 distribution to our Public Shareholders.

In the event that the cash in the trust account is reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust
 account if less than 10.00 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case less taxes payable, and our Sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations
 related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action
 on our behalf against our Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment and subject to their fiduciary duties may choose not to do so in any
 particular instance. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our Public Shareholders may be reduced below 10.00 per share.

If, after we distribute the cash in the trust account to our Public Shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up
 petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy or insolvency court may seek to recover such cash, and the members of our board of directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby
 exposing the members of our board of directors and us to claims of punitive damages.

If, after we distribute the cash in the trust account to our Public Shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not
 dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy or insolvency laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy or insolvency
 court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, by paying Public Shareholders
 from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages.

If, before distributing the cash in the trust account to our Public Shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up
 petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our shareholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with
 our liquidation may be reduced.

If, before distributing the cash in the trust account to our Public Shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not
 dismissed, the cash held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders.
 To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced.

28 

Table of Contents 

Our shareholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares.

If we are forced to enter into an insolvent liquidation, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed as an unlawful payment if it was proved that immediately following the date on which the
 distribution was made, we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business. As a result, a liquidator could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our directors may be viewed
 as having breached their fiduciary duties to us or our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, thereby exposing themselves and our company to claims, by paying Public Shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of
 creditors. We cannot assure Public Shareholders that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. We and our directors and officers who knowingly and willfully authorized or permitted any distribution to be paid out of our share
 premium account while we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business would be guilty of an offence and may be liable to a fine of 18,293 and to imprisonment for five years in the Cayman Islands.

Certain agreements related to our Initial Public Offering may be amended without shareholder approval.

Each of the agreements related to our Initial Public Offering to which we are a party, other than the warrant agreement and the investment management trust agreement, may be amended without shareholder approval. Such
 agreements are: the Letter Agreement among us and our Sponsor, officers and directors; the registration and shareholder rights agreement among us and our Initial Shareholders; the private placement warrants purchase agreement between us and our
 Sponsor; the administrative services agreement among us, our Sponsor and an affiliate of our Sponsor; and the Forward Purchase Agreement between us and an affiliate of our Sponsor. These agreements contain various provisions that our Public
 Shareholders might deem to be material. For example, our Letter Agreement and the underwriting agreement contain certain lock-up provisions with respect to the Founder Shares, Private Placement Warrants and other securities held by our Sponsor,
 officers and directors. Amendments to such agreements would require the consent of the applicable parties thereto and would need to be approved by our board of directors, which may do so for a variety of reasons, including to facilitate our
 Partnering Transaction. While we do not expect our board of directors to approve any amendment to any of these agreements prior to our Partnering Transaction, it may be possible that our board of directors, in exercising its business judgment and
 subject to its fiduciary duties, chooses to approve one or more amendments to any such agreement. Any amendment entered into in connection with the consummation of our Partnering Transaction will be disclosed in our proxy solicitation or tender
 offer materials, as applicable, related to such Partnering Transaction, and any other material amendment to any of our material agreements will be disclosed in a filing with the SEC. Any such amendments would not require approval from our
 shareholders, may result in the completion of our Partnering Transaction that may not otherwise have been possible, and may have an adverse effect on the value of an investment in our securities. For example, amendments to the lock-up provision
 discussed above may result in our Initial Shareholders selling their securities earlier than they would otherwise be permitted, which may have an adverse effect on the price of our securities.

In addition, pursuant to the terms of our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, the powers, preferences or relative, participating, optional or other special rights of the Performance Shares
 may be amended only with the prior vote or written consent of the holders of a majority of the Performance Shares then outstanding, voting separately as a single class, without the need to seek approval from any other class of our Ordinary
 Shares, even in situations where the amendment to the terms of the Performance Shares may adversely impact such other class of Ordinary Shares.

29 

Table of Contents 

We may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants for amendments necessary for the warrants to be classified as equity. As
 a result, the exercise price of Public Shareholders warrants could be increased, the exercise period could be shortened and the number of Class A Ordinary Shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased, all without Public
 Shareholders approval.

Our warrants were issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants
 may be amended without the consent of any shareholder or warrant holder for the purpose of (i) curing any ambiguity or to correct any defective provision or mistake, (ii) adjusting the provisions relating to cash dividends on Class A Ordinary
 Shares as contemplated by and in accordance with the warrant agreement or (iii) adding or changing any provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the warrant agreement as the parties to the warrant agreement may deem necessary
 or desirable and that the parties deem to not adversely affect the rights of the registered holders of the warrants; provided that the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding
 public warrants that vote to amend the warrant agreement, after at least 10 days notice that an amendment is being sought, is required to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders. Although our ability to
 amend the terms of the public warrants with such 50 consent of is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, convert the warrants into cash or shares (at a
 ratio different than initially provided), shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of Class A Ordinary Shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant.

We may redeem Public Shareholders unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to Public Shareholders, thereby making their warrants
 worthless.

We have the ability to redeem outstanding warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per warrant; provided that the
 closing price of our Class A Ordinary Shares equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending
 on the third trading day prior to proper notice of such redemption; provided that on the date we give notice of redemption, we will not redeem the warrants unless an effective registration statement under
 the Securities Act covering the Class A Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is effective and a current prospectus relating to those Class A Ordinary Shares is available throughout the 30-day redemption period, except if the
 warrants may be exercised on a cashless basis and such cashless exercise is exempt from registration under the Securities Act. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to
 register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. Redemption of the outstanding warrants could force Public Shareholders to (i) exercise their warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time
 when it may be disadvantageous for them to do so, (ii) sell their warrants at the then-current market price when they might otherwise wish to hold their warrants or (iii) accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding
 warrants are called for redemption, is likely to be substantially less than the market value of their warrants. The Forward Purchase Warrants are redeemable on the same terms as the warrants offered as part of the units sold in our Initial Public
 Offering. None of the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by us for cash so long as they are held by their initial purchasers or their permitted transferees.

In addition, we have the ability to redeem the outstanding warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.10 per warrant if, among other things, the Reference Value
 equals or exceeds 10.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like). In such a case, the holders will be able to exercise their warrants prior to redemption for a number
 of our Class A Ordinary Shares determined based on the redemption date and the fair market value of our Class A Ordinary Shares. The value received upon exercise of the warrants (1) may be less than the value the holders would have received if
 they had exercised their warrants at a later time where the underlying share price is higher and (2) may not compensate the holders for the value of the warrants, including because the number of Ordinary Shares received is capped at 0.361 of our
 Class A Ordinary Shares per warrant (subject to adjustment) irrespective of the remaining life of the warrants.

Our warrants may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A Ordinary Shares and make it more difficult to effectuate our Partnering Transaction.

We issued warrants to purchase 9,363,333 Class A Ordinary Shares as part of the units offered in our Initial Public Offering and, simultaneously with the closing of our Initial Public Offering, we issued in a private
 placement an aggregate of 5,412,000 Private Placement Warrants each exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per share. We may also issue up to 3,333,333 Forward Purchase Warrants pursuant to the Forward Purchase Agreements,
 if any. In addition, if our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor or certain of our officers and directors makes any working capital loans, such lender may convert those loans into up to an additional 1,500,000 Private Placement Warrants, at the
 price of 1.50 per private placement warrant. To the extent we issue Class A Ordinary Shares to effectuate a business transaction, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional Class A Ordinary Shares upon exercise of these
 warrants could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle to a partnering candidate. Such warrants, when exercised, will increase the number of issued and outstanding Class A Ordinary Shares and reduce the value of the Class A Ordinary Shares
 issued to complete the business transaction. Therefore, our warrants may make it more difficult to effectuate a business transaction or increase the cost of acquiring the partnering candidate.

30 

Table of Contents 

Our warrants are accounted for as a warrant liability and were recorded at fair value upon issuance with changes in fair value each period reported in earnings, which may have
 an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A Ordinary Shares or may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial Partnering Transaction.

Following the consummation of our Initial Public Offering and the concurrent issuance of the Private Placement Warrants to our Sponsor, we accounted for the 14,775,333 warrants issued in connection with our Initial
 Public Offering in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815-40. Such guidance provides that because our warrants do not meet the criteria for equity treatment thereunder, each warrant must be recorded as a liability. Accordingly, we
 classified each of the warrants as a liability at its fair value which will be estimated using an internal valuation model. Our valuation model utilizes inputs such as assumed share prices, volatility, discount factors and other assumptions and
 may not be reflective of the price at which such warrants can be settled. The impact of changes in the fair value of our warrants on our earnings may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A Ordinary Shares. In addition,
 potential targets may seek a blank check company that does not have warrants that are accounted for as a warrant liability, which may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial Partnering Transaction with a target business.

Because each unit contains one-third of one warrant and only a whole warrant may be exercised, the units may be worth less than units of other special purpose acquisition
 companies.

Each unit contains one-third of one warrant. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, no fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units, and only whole units will trade. If, upon exercise of the warrants,
 a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of Class A Ordinary Shares to be issued to the warrant holder. This is different from other
 offerings similar to ours whose units include one share and one warrant to purchase one whole share. We have established the components of the units in this way in order to reduce the dilutive effect of the warrants upon completion of a
 Partnering Transaction since the warrants will be exercisable in the aggregate for one-third of the number of shares compared to units that each contain a whole warrant to purchase one share, thus making us, we believe, a more attractive merger
 partner for partnering candidates. Nevertheless, this unit structure may cause our units to be worth less than if it included a warrant to purchase one whole share.

Risks Relating to our Sponsor and Management Team

Past performance by our management team and their affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us.

Information regarding performance by, or businesses associated with, our management team, or businesses associated with them, is presented for informational purposes only. Past performance by our management team is
 not a guarantee either (i) of success with respect to any Partnering Transaction we may consummate or (ii) that we will be able to locate a suitable candidate for our Partnering Transaction. Public Shareholders should not rely on the historical
 record of the performance of our management team or businesses associated with them, as indicative of our future performance of an investment in us or the returns we will, or is likely to, generate going forward.

We may seek Partnering Transaction opportunities in industries or sectors that may be outside of our management s areas of expertise.

We will consider a Partnering Transaction outside of our management s areas of expertise if a Partnering Transaction candidate is presented to us and we determine that such candidate offers an attractive Partnering
 Transaction opportunity for our company. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular Partnering Transaction candidate, we cannot assure Public Shareholders that we will adequately ascertain or assess all
 of the significant risk factors. We also cannot assure Public Shareholders that an investment in our units will not ultimately prove to be less favorable to them in our Initial Public Offering than a direct investment, if an opportunity were
 available, in a Partnering Transaction candidate.

31 

Table of Contents 

We are dependent upon our executive officers and directors and their loss could adversely affect our ability to operate.

Our operations are dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals and, in particular, our executive officers and directors. We believe that our success depends on the continued service of our officers and
 directors, at least until we have completed our Partnering Transaction. In addition, our executive officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in
 allocating their time among various business activities, including identifying potential Partnering Transactions and monitoring the related due diligence. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of
 our directors or executive officers. The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors or executive officers could have a detrimental effect on us.

Our ability to successfully effect our Partnering Transaction and to be successful thereafter will be dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may join us
 following our Partnering Transaction. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business.

Our ability to successfully effect our Partnering Transaction is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key personnel in the partnering candidate, however, cannot presently be ascertained.
 Although some of our key personnel may remain with the partnering candidate in senior management or advisory positions following our Partnering Transaction, it is likely that some or all of the management of the partnering candidate will remain
 in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our Partnering Transaction, we cannot assure Public Shareholders that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be
 unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements.

Our key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a partnering candidate in connection with a particular Partnering Transaction, and a particular
 Partnering Transaction may be conditioned on the retention or resignation of such key personnel. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our Partnering Transaction and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts
 of interest in determining whether a particular Partnering Transaction is the most advantageous.

Our key personnel may be able to remain with our company after the completion of our Partnering Transaction only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the Partnering
 Transaction. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the Partnering Transaction and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they
 would render to us after the completion of the Partnering Transaction. Such negotiations also could make such key personnel s retention or resignation a condition to any such agreement. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may
 influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a partnering candidate, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law.

We may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective partnering candidate and, as a result, may affect our Partnering Transaction with a partnering
 candidate whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company.

When evaluating the desirability of effecting our Partnering Transaction with a prospective partnering candidate, our ability to assess the partnering candidate s management may be limited due to a lack of time,
 resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the partnering candidate s management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the partnering
 candidate s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any shareholders or
 warrant holders who choose to remain shareholders or warrant holders following the Partnering Transaction could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such shareholders or warrant holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such
 reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim
 under securities laws that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, relating to the Partnering Transaction contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission.

32 

Table of Contents 

The officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our Partnering Transaction. The loss of a partnering candidate s key personnel could
 negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business.

The role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our Partnering Transaction cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s
 management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our Partnering Transaction, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place.

Our executive officers and directors will allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to
 our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our Partnering Transaction.

Our executive officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search
 for a Partnering Transaction and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our Partnering Transaction. Each of our executive officers and directors is engaged in several other business
 endeavors for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our executive officers and directors are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. Our independent directors also serve as officers
 and board members for other entities. If our executive officers and directors other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current commitment levels, it could limit their ability
 to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete our Partnering Transaction. For a complete discussion of our executive officers and directors other business affairs, please see Directors, Executive
 Officers and Corporate Governance Officers and Directors. 

Our officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have, additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities and, accordingly, may
 have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented.

Until we consummate our Partnering Transaction, we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses. Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the
 future may have, additional fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a Partnering Transaction opportunity to such entity subject to their fiduciary duties
 under Cayman Islands law. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential partnering candidate
 may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us.

Our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except, and
 to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an
 opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for any director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other.

For a complete discussion of our executive officers and directors business affiliations and the potential conflicts of interest that Public Shareholders should be aware of, please see Directors, Executive Officers
 and Corporate Governance Officers and Directors, Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Conflicts of Interest and Certain Relationships and
 Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

Our executive officers, directors, security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests.

We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors, executive officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in any investment to be
 acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact, we may enter into a Partnering Transaction with a partnering candidate that is affiliated with our Sponsor, our directors or executive
 officers, although we do not intend to do so, or we may acquire a partnering candidate through an affiliated joint acquisition with one or more affiliates of Corsair Capital and/or one or more investors in Corsair Capital or one of its
 affiliates. Nor do we have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their
 interests and ours.

33 

Table of Contents 

The personal and financial interests of our directors and officers may influence their motivation in timely identifying and selecting a partnering candidate and completing a Partnering Transaction. Consequently, our
 directors and officers discretion in identifying and selecting a suitable partnering candidate may result in a conflict of interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of a particular Partnering Transaction are appropriate
 and in our shareholders best interest. If this were the case, it would be a breach of their fiduciary duties to us as a matter of Cayman Islands law and we or our shareholders might have a claim against such individuals for infringing on our
 shareholders rights. However, we might not ultimately be successful in any claim we may make against them for such reason.

We may engage in a Partnering Transaction with one or more partnering candidates that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our Sponsor, executive
 officers, directors or existing holders which may raise potential conflicts of interest.

In light of the involvement of our Sponsor, executive officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our Sponsor, executive officers, directors or existing
 holders. Our directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities, including, without limitation, those described under Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Conflicts
 of Interest. Such entities may compete with us for Partnering Transaction opportunities. Our Sponsor, officers and directors are not currently aware of any specific opportunities for us to complete our Partnering Transaction with any entities
 with which they are affiliated, and there have been no substantive discussions concerning a Partnering Transaction with any such entity or entities. Although we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any
 affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria for a Partnering Transaction as set forth in Business Effecting Our Partnering
 Transaction and such transaction was approved by a majority of our independent and disinterested directors. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or an independent accounting firm regarding the
 fairness to our company from a financial point of view of a Partnering Transaction with one or more domestic or international businesses affiliated with our Sponsor, executive officers, directors or existing holders, potential conflicts of
 interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the Partnering Transaction may not be as advantageous to our Public Shareholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest.

Moreover, we may pursue an affiliated joint acquisition opportunity with one or more affiliates of Corsair Capital and/or one or more investors in Corsair Capital or one of its affiliates. Any such parties may
 co-invest with us in the partnering candidate at the time of our Partnering Transaction, or we could raise additional funds to complete the Partnering Transaction by issuing to such parties a class of equity or Equity-Linked Securities.
 Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours.

Since our Sponsor, executive officers and directors will lose their entire investment in us if our Partnering Transaction is not completed (other than with respect to Public
 Shares they may acquire), a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular partnering candidate is appropriate for our Partnering Transaction.

On January 8, 2021, one of our affiliates purchased an aggregate of (a) 2,300,000 Founder Shares in exchange for a capital contribution of 6,250, or approximately 0.0027 per share and (b) 120,000 Performance Shares
 for a capital contribution of 18,750, or approximately 0.1563 per share, and on January 21, 2021 (x) exchanged 130,000 Founder Shares on a one for one basis for Performance Shares and (y) surrendered 157,500 Founder Shares. Such Founder Shares
 and Performance Shares were assigned to our Sponsor on January 28, 2021. On April 30, 2021, our Sponsor surrendered 575,000 Founder Shares for no consideration, such that as of June 30, 2021, there were 1,437,500 Founder Shares and 250,000
 Performance Shares issued and outstanding. On July 15, 2021, the underwriter purchased an additional 3,090,000 Units pursuant to the partial exercise of the over-allotment option. As a result, the Sponsor subsequently forfeited 33,000 Class F
 Ordinary Shares on July 15, 2021. The Founder Shares will be worthless if we do not complete a Partnering Transaction. In addition, our Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 5,412,000 Private Placement Warrants for an aggregate purchase price of
 8,118,000, or 1.50 per private placement warrant. The Private Placement Warrants will also be worthless if we do not complete our Partnering Transaction. The personal and financial interests of our executive officers and directors may influence
 their motivation in identifying and selecting a Partnering Transaction, completing a Partnering Transaction and influencing the operation of the business following the Partnering Transaction. This risk may become more acute as the 24-month
 anniversary of the closing of our Initial Public Offering nears, which is the deadline for our completion of a Partnering Transaction.

34 

Table of Contents 

We may be a passive foreign investment company, or PFIC, which could result in adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to U.S. investors.

If we are a PFIC for any taxable year (or portion thereof) that is included in the holding period of a U.S. Holder of our Class A Ordinary Shares or warrants, the U.S. Holder may be subject to adverse U.S. federal
 income tax consequences and may be subject to additional reporting requirements. Our PFIC status for our current and subsequent taxable years may depend on whether we qualify for the PFIC start-up exception. Depending on the particular
 circumstances the application of the start-up exception may be subject to uncertainty, and there cannot be any assurance that we will qualify for the start-up exception. Accordingly, there can be no assurances with respect to our status as a PFIC
 for our current taxable year or any subsequent taxable year. Our actual PFIC status for any taxable year, however, will not be determinable until after the end of such taxable year (and, in the case of the start-up exception, potentially not
 until after the two taxable years following our current taxable year). If we determine we are a PFIC for any taxable year, we expect to provide to a U.S. Holder such information as the Internal Revenue Service (the IRS may require, including a
 PFIC Annual Information Statement, in order to enable the U.S. Holder to make and maintain a qualified electing fund election, but there can be no assurance that we will provide such required information on a timely basis or at all, and such
 election would be unavailable with respect to our warrants in all cases. We urge U.S. investors to consult their tax advisers regarding the possible application of the PFIC rules.

Public Shareholders may be treated as receiving taxable constructive distributions for U.S. federal income tax purposes even though they do not receive a corresponding cash
 distribution. In addition, in the event we complete our Partnering Transaction with a U.S. company and certain other conditions are met, non-U.S. investors may be subject to withholding taxes, and we may have withholding obligations, with respect
 to any such constructive distribution.

The terms of the warrants provide for an adjustment to the number of Class A Ordinary Shares for which warrants may be exercised or to the exercise price of the warrants in certain events. When certain adjustments
 are made, depending on the circumstances, Public Shareholders may be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as receiving a constructive distribution from us even though no cash distributions are made. In addition, it is possible that the
 conversion of Performance Shares into Class A Ordinary Shares could similarly result in a constructive distribution to Public Shareholders.

Moreover, if we complete our Partnering Transaction with a U.S. company and certain other conditions are met, non-U.S. investors may be subject to U.S. federal withholding tax in respect of any such constructive
 distribution with respect to our warrants or shares, and we or another withholding agent may be liable for any failure to withhold and remit any tax due to the appropriate taxing authority, even though no contemporaneous cash distributions are
 made.

General Risk Factors

If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be
 restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete our Partnering Transaction.

If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including:

restrictions on the nature of our investments; and

restrictions on the issuance of securities,

each of which may make it difficult for us to complete our Partnering Transaction. In addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including:

registration as an investment company with the SEC;

35 

Table of Contents 

adoption of a specific form of corporate structure; and

reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations that we are not subject to.

In order not to be regulated as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must ensure that we are engaged primarily in a business other than investing,
 reinvesting or trading of securities and that our activities do not include investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading investment securities constituting more than 40 of our assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash
 items) on an unconsolidated basis. Our business will be to identify and complete a Partnering Transaction and thereafter to operate the post-transaction business or assets for the long term. We do not plan to buy businesses or assets with a view
 to resale or profit from their resale. We do not plan to buy unrelated businesses or assets or to be a passive investor.

We do not believe that our anticipated principal activities will subject us to the Investment Company Act. To this end, the cash held in the trust account may only be invested in United States government securities 
 within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in
 direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Pursuant to the trust agreement, the trustee is not permitted to invest in other securities or assets. By restricting the investment of the cash held in the trust account to these instruments, and by
 having a business plan targeted at acquiring and growing businesses for the long term (rather than on buying and selling businesses in the manner of a merchant bank or private equity fund), we intend to avoid being deemed an investment company 
 within the meaning of the Investment Company Act. Our Initial Public Offering was not intended for persons who are seeking a return on investments in government securities or investment securities. The trust account is intended as a holding place
 for funds pending the earliest to occur of either: (i) the completion of our Partnering Transaction; (ii) the redemption of any Public Shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our Amended and Restated Memorandum and
 Articles of Association to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our Public Shares if we do not complete our Partnering Transaction by July 6, 2023 (or October 6, 2023, as applicable); and (iii) absent a Partnering
 Transaction by July 6, 2023 (or October 6, 2023, as applicable) or with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-Partnering Transaction activity, our return of the funds held in the trust account to our
 Public Shareholders as part of our redemption of the Public Shares. If we do not invest the cash held in the trust account as discussed above, we may be deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act. If we were deemed to be subject to the
 Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to complete a Partnering Transaction. If we do not complete our
 Partnering Transaction, our Public Shareholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to Public Shareholders, and our warrants will expire worthless.

Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our
 Partnering Transaction, and results of operations.

We are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we will be required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring
 of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our
 business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and
 complete our Partnering Transaction, and results of operations.

We are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent accounting or investment banking firm, and consequently, Public Shareholders may have no assurance from an
 independent source that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view.

Unless we complete our Partnering Transaction with an affiliated entity, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent accounting firm or independent investment banking firm that the price we are
 paying is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our shareholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted
 by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, related to our Partnering Transaction.

36 

Table of Contents 

We are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure
 requirements available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies.

We are an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to
 other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor internal controls attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure
 obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute
 payments not previously approved. As a result, our shareholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that
 status earlier, including if the market value of our Class A Ordinary Shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of any June 30 before that time, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following
 December 31. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading
 prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile.

Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had
 a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company
 can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition
 period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the
 new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period
 difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used.

Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other
 things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our Class A Ordinary Shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 250
 million as of the prior June 30th, or (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our Class A Ordinary Shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30th. To
 the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison of our financial statements with other public companies difficult or impossible.

Because we are incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands, Public Shareholders may face difficulties in protecting their interests, and their ability to protect their
 rights through the U.S. Federal courts may be limited.

We are an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands. As a result, it may be difficult for Public Shareholders to effect service of process within the United States upon our directors or
 officers, or enforce judgments obtained in the United States courts against our directors or officers.

37 

Table of Contents 

Our corporate affairs will be governed by our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, the Companies Act (as the same may be supplemented or amended from time to time) and the common law of the
 Cayman Islands. We will also be subject to the federal securities laws of the United States. The rights of shareholders to take action against the directors, actions by minority shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors to
 us under Cayman Islands law are to a large extent governed by the common law of the Cayman Islands. The common law of the Cayman Islands is derived in part from comparatively limited judicial precedent in the Cayman Islands as well as from
 English common law, the decisions of whose courts are of persuasive authority, but are not binding on a court in the Cayman Islands. The rights of our shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under Cayman Islands law are
 different from what they would be under statutes or judicial precedent in some jurisdictions in the United States. In particular, the Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States, and certain states,
 such as Delaware, may have more fully developed and judicially interpreted bodies of corporate law. In addition, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to initiate a shareholders derivative action in a Federal court of the United States.

We have been advised by Maples and Calder (Cayman) LLP, our Cayman Islands legal counsel, that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United
 States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state; and (ii) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated upon the civil
 liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman
 Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a
 judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment
 must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a
 manner, or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands Court may stay
 enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere.

As a result of all of the above, Public Shareholders may have more difficulty in protecting their interests in the face of actions taken by management, members of the board of directors or controlling shareholders
 than they would as Public Shareholders of a United States company.

Cyber incidents or attacks directed at us could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss.

We depend on digital technologies, including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of third parties with which we may deal. Sophisticated and deliberate attacks on,
 or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or the systems or infrastructure of third parties or the cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data. As an
 early stage company without significant investments in data security protection, we may not be sufficiently protected against such occurrences. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or to investigate and remediate
 any vulnerability to, cyber incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to financial loss.

We are a company with no operating history and no revenues established for the purpose of identifying a company to partner with in order to effectuate a merger, share
 exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar Partnering Transaction, and Public Shareholders have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective.

We are a blank check company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands and all of our activities to date have been related to our formation, our Initial Public Offering and our search for a business
 combination target. Because we lack an operating history, Public Shareholders have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective of completing our initial business combination. If we fail to complete our initial
 business combination, we will never generate any operating revenues.

38 

Table of Contents 

We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection with our Partnering Transaction, and the laws of such jurisdiction may govern some or all of our future material
 agreements and we may not be able to enforce our legal rights.

In connection with our Partnering Transaction, we may relocate the home jurisdiction of our business from the Cayman Islands to another jurisdiction. If we determine to do this, the laws of such jurisdiction may
 govern some or all of our future material agreements. The system of laws and the enforcement of existing laws in such jurisdiction may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as in the United States. The inability to enforce or
 obtain a remedy under any of our future agreements could result in a significant loss of business, business opportunities or capital.

We employ a mail forwarding service, which may delay or disrupt our ability to receive mail in a timely manner.

Mail addressed to the Company and received at its registered office will be forwarded unopened to the forwarding address supplied by Company to be dealt with. None of the Company, its directors, officers, advisors or
 service providers (including the organization which provides registered office services in the Cayman Islands) will bear any responsibility for any delay howsoever caused in mail reaching the forwarding address, which may impair Public
 Shareholders ability to communicate with us.

39 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 1B. 

UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS

None.

ITEM 2. 

PROPERTIES

We currently maintain our executive offices at 717 Fifth Avenue, 24th Floor New York, NY 10022. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations.

ITEM 3. 

LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

There is no material litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding currently pending against us or any members of our management team in their capacity as such.

ITEM 4. 

MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES

Not applicable.

40 

Table of Contents 

PART II 

ITEM 5. 

MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

(a) 

Market Information 

Our Class A Ordinary Shares, warrants, and units are each traded on the NYSE under the symbol CORS, CORS.WS and CORS.U respectively. Our units commenced public trading on July
 1, 2021. Our Class A Ordinary Shares and warrants began separate trading on August 23, 2021. 

(b) 

Holders 

On March 15, 2023, there was 1 holder of record of our units, 1 holder of record of our Class A Ordinary Shares, 1 holder of record of our Class B Ordinary Shares, 1 holder of record of our Class F Ordinary Shares
 and 2 holders of record of our warrants.

(c) 

Dividends 

We have not paid any cash dividends on our Ordinary Shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of a Partnering Transaction. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be
 dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of a Partnering Transaction. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to a Partnering Transaction will be within
 the discretion of our board of directors at such time. Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith.

(d) 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

None.

(e) 

Performance Graph 

Not applicable.

(f) 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Offerings 

Unregistered Sales

We have not sold any unregistered equity securities during the year ended December 31, 2022.

Use of Proceeds

Upon the closing of our Initial Public Offering, the Private Placement (as defined below) and the underwriters partial exercise of their over-allotment option, 280,900,000 of the net proceeds of our Initial Public
 Offering and certain of the proceeds of the Private Placement was placed in a trust account.

We paid a total of 5.6 million in underwriting discounts and commissions and approximately 2.2 million for other offering costs related to our Initial Public Offering.

There has been no material change in the planned use of the proceeds from our Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement as is described in our final prospectus related to our Initial Public Offering.

ITEM 6. 

SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

Not Applicable.

41 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 7. 

MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

References to the Company, Corsair Partnering Corporation, Corsair, our, us or we refer to Corsair Partnering Corporation. The following discussion and analysis
 of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set
 forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties.

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

This Annual Report includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act that are not historical facts and involve
 risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expected and projected. All statements, other than statements of historical fact included in this Form 10-K including, without limitation, statements in this
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding the Company s financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking
 statements. Words such as expect, believe, anticipate, intend, estimate, seek and variations and similar words and expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements relate to future
 events or future performance, but reflect management s current beliefs, based on information currently available. A number of factors could cause actual events, performance or results to differ materially from the events, performance and results
 discussed in the forward-looking statements. For information identifying important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Risk Factors section of
 the Company s final prospectus filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). The Company s securities filings can be accessed on the EDGAR section of the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. Except as expressly required by
 applicable securities law, the Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.

Overview

Corsair Partnering Corporation (the Company was incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company on December 29, 2020. The Company was formed for the purpose of identifying a company to
 partner with, in order to effectuate a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar Partnering Transaction with one or more businesses Partnering Transaction ). The Company may pursue a Partnering
 Transaction in any business or industry but expect to focus on a business where the Company believes its strong network, operational background, and aligned economic structure will provide the Company with a competitive advantage. The Company has
 not generated revenue to date.

The Company s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of its initial public offering (the Initial Public Offering as it is described
 below, although substantially all of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering are intended to be generally applied toward completing a Partnering Transaction. Furthermore, there is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully
 complete a Partnering Transaction.

The registration statement for the Company s Initial Public Offering was declared effective on June 30, 2021. On July 6, 2021, the Company consummated its Initial Public Offering of 25,000,000
 units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A Ordinary Shares included in the Units being offered, the Public Shares ), at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 250.0 million, and incurring offering costs of approximately 14.4
 million, of which approximately 8.8 million and approximately 481,000 was for deferred underwriting commissions and offering costs allocated to derivate warrant liabilities, respectively. On July 15, 2021, the underwriters purchased an
 additional 3,090,000 Units (the Option Units pursuant to the partial exercise of the over-allotment option. The Option Units were sold at an offering price of 10.00 per Unit, generating additional gross proceeds to the Company of 30.9
 million. The Company incurred additional offering cost of approximately 1.7 million in connection with the over-allotment, of which approximately 1.1 million was for deferred underwriting commissions and approximately 55,000 was offering costs
 allocated to derivative warrant liabilities.

42 

Table of Contents 

Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the private placement Private Placement of 5,000,000 warrants (each, a Private Placement Warrant 
 and collectively, the Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.50 per Private Placement Warrant to the Sponsor, generating proceeds of 7.5 million). In connection with the exercise of the over-allotment option on July 15, 2021, the Sponsor
 purchased an additional 412,000 Private Placement Warrants at a purchase price of 1.50 per Private Placement Warrant, generating additional gross proceeds to the Company of 618,000.

Following the closing of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement, 280.9 million 10.00 per Unit, and including 30,900,000 in connection with the underwriters partial exercise
 of the over-allotment option) of the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and of the Private Placement Warrants in the Private Placement were placed in a trust account Trust Account ), located in the United
 States and will be invested only in United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money
 market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Partnering Transaction and (ii)
 the distribution of the Trust Account as described below.

The Company must complete a Partnering Transaction with one or more partner candidate businesses having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the net assets held in the Trust
 Account (excluding the taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial Partnering Transaction. However, the Company will only complete a Partnering Transaction if the
 post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the partner candidate or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the partner candidate sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment
 company under the Investment Company Act.

The Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association provides that, other than the withdrawal of interest earned on the funds that may be released to the Company for
 withdrawals to pay taxes including income and franchise taxes and to withdraw up to 100,000 in dissolution expenses in the event the Company does not complete the Partnering Transaction within the Partnering Period (as defined below), none of
 the funds held in the Trust Account will be released until the earlier of: (i) the completion of the Partnering Transaction; (ii) the redemption of any of the Public Shares by its holders (the Public Shareholders properly tendering Public
 Shares in connection with a shareholder vote to amend certain provisions of the Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association prior to a Partnering Transaction or (iii) the redemption of 100 of the Public Shares if the
 Company does not complete a Partnering Transaction within the Partnering Period (defined below).

The Company, after signing a definitive agreement for a Partnering Transaction, will either (i) seek shareholder approval of the Partnering Transaction at a meeting called for such purpose in
 connection with which Public Shareholders may seek to redeem their Public Shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the Partnering Transaction or do not vote at all, for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then
 on deposit in the Trust Account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial Partnering Transaction, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay
 its taxes, or (ii) provide the Public Shareholders with the opportunity to sell their shares to the Company by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a shareholder vote) for an amount in cash equal to their pro rata share of the
 aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account calculated as of two business days prior to commencement of the tender offer, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay
 its taxes. As a result, such Ordinary Shares subject to possible redemption were recorded at redemption amount and classified as temporary equity, in accordance with FASB, ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. The amount in the Trust
 Account was initially at 10.00 per Public Share. The decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder approval of the Partnering Transaction or will allow shareholders to sell their shares in a tender offer will be made by the Company,
 solely in its discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require the Company to seek shareholder approval. If the Company seeks shareholder
 approval, it will complete its Partnering Transaction only if a majority of the outstanding Ordinary Shares voted are voted in favor of the Partnering Transaction. However, in no event will the Company redeem its Public Shares in an amount that
 would cause its net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 immediately prior to or upon consummation of the Company s initial Partnering Transaction. In such case, the Company would not proceed with the redemption of its Public Shares and the
 related Partnering Transaction, and instead may search for an alternate Partnering Transaction.

43 

Table of Contents 

The Company will only have at most until July 6, 2023 (or October 6, 2023, as applicable) to complete its initial Partnering Transaction
 (the Partnering Period ). If the Company does not complete a Partnering Transaction within this period of time (and shareholders do not approve an amendment to the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association to extend this
 date), it will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, of 10.00,
 and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to our obligations
 under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and in all cases subject to the other requirements of applicable law. 

The holders of the Founder Shares immediately prior to the Initial Public Offering entered into a Letter Agreement with the Company, pursuant to which they agreed to (i) waive their redemption
 rights with respect to any Founder Shares and Public Shares they hold in connection with the completion of the Partnering Transaction, (ii) waive their redemption rights with respect to any Founder Shares and Public Shares they hold in connection
 with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to redeem 100 of its Public Shares if the Company has not
 consummated a Partnering Transaction within the Partnering Period or with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-Partnering Transaction activity and (iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions
 from the Trust Account with respect to any Founder Shares they hold if the Company fails to complete the Partnering Transaction within 24 months of the Partnering Period (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust
 Account with respect to any Public Shares they hold if the Company fails to complete the Partnering Transaction within the Partnering Period).

Pursuant to the Letter Agreement, the Sponsor agreed that it will be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to the
 Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or other similar agreement or Partnering Transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below
 the lesser of (i) 10.00 per Public Share and (ii) the actual amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than 10.00 per Public Share due to reductions in the value of the
 Trust assets, less taxes payable; provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held
 in the Trust Account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the
 Securities Act.

Prior to the Partnering Transaction or the liquidation, the Company agreed to pay the Sponsor up to 15,000 per month for office space, administrative support and other services provided to
 members of the Company s management team. In addition, the Sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on the Company s behalf
 such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable Partnering Transactions. The audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by the Company to the Sponsor, officers or
 directors, or the Company s or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial Partnering Transaction will be made from funds held outside the Trust Account. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had approximately 86,000 and
 3,000, respectively, in due to related party for such expense reimbursement.

Going Concern and Capital Resources

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately 307,000 in its operating bank account and working capital deficit of approximately 39,000.

The Company s liquidity needs prior to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering were satisfied through the payment of 25,000 from related parties to cover for certain expenses on the
 Company s behalf in exchange for issuance of Founder Shares and Performance Shares, a loan from the Sponsor under an unsecured promissory note (the Note of approximately 231,000, and an advance from the Sponsor of 750,000 to be used in case
 the over-allotment option was exercised in full by the underwriters. The Company repaid the Note balance of approximately 231,000 on July 6, 2021. Subsequent to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, the Company s liquidity has been
 satisfied through the net proceeds from the consummation of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement held outside of the Trust Account. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Partnering Transaction,
 the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide the Company working capital loans (the Working Capital Loans ). As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no
 amounts outstanding under any Working Capital Loan.

44 

Table of Contents 

However, in connection with our assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 205-40, Presentation of Financial Statements-Going Concern, 
 management has determined that working capital needs, mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. We intend to complete our
 initial business combination before the mandatory liquidation date; however, there can be no assurance that we will be able to consummate any business combination by July 6, 2023 (or October 6, 2023, as applicable) . No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should we be required to liquidate after July 6, 2023. The financial statements do not include any adjustment that might be necessary if we are
 unable to continue as a going concern. 

Results of Operations

Our entire activity from January 1, 2021 (commencement of operations) through December 31, 2022 was in preparation for our formation and the Initial Public Offering, and since the Initial
 Public Offering, our search for a Partnering Transaction. We will not be generating any operating revenues until the closing and completion of our initial Partnering Transaction.

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had net income of approximately 13,195,000, which consisted of a non-operating gain of approximately 10,101,000 for the change in fair value of
 derivative warrant liabilities, approximately 4,276,000 of income from investments held in the Trust Account, offset by approximately 1,183,000 of general and administrative expenses.

For the period from January 1, 2021 (commencement of operations) through December 31, 2021, we had net loss of approximately 1,815,000, which consisted of a non-cash loss of approximately
 591,000 for the change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities, approximately 739,000 of general and administrative expenses, and approximately 535,000 in offering costs associated with derivative warrant liabilities, offset by
 approximately 51,000 of income from investments held in the Trust Account.

Contractual Obligations

Forward Purchase Agreement

On June 30, 2021, the Company entered into a Forward Purchase Agreement with an affiliate, Corsair V Financial Services Capital Partners L.P. (the Forward Purchaser ), pursuant to which the
 Forward Purchaser agreed to purchase in the aggregate, up to 10,000,000 Units, with each Unit consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-third of one warrant to purchase one Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment,
 at a purchase price of 10.00 per Unit, in private placements to occur concurrently, and only in connection with, the closing of the initial Partnering Transaction. The obligations of the Forward Purchaser under the Forward Purchase Agreement
 will not depend on whether any Class A Ordinary Shares are redeemed by the Public Shareholders. The obligations of the Forward Purchaser to purchase the Forward Purchase Securities are subject to the approval, prior to the Company entering into a
 definitive agreement for the initial Partnering Transaction, of its investment committee and the Forward Purchase Agreement contains customary closing conditions. The Forward Purchase Agreement is not a firm commitment by either party to the
 agreement. The proceeds from the sale of Forward Purchase Securities, if any, may be used as part of the consideration to the sellers in the initial Partnering Transaction, expenses in connection with the initial Partnering Transaction or for
 working capital in the post-transaction company.

Registration Rights

The holders of the Founder Shares, Performance Shares, Forward Purchase Securities, Private Placement Warrants and Private Placement Warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working
 capital loans (and any Class A Ordinary Shares issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants, and Private Placement Warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans and upon conversion of the Founder Shares and
 the Performance Shares) were entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement signed upon the effective date of the Initial Public Offering, requiring the Company to register such securities for resale. The holders of
 these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that the Company registers such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements
 filed subsequent to the completion of the Partnering Transaction. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements.

45 

Table of Contents 

Pursuant to the Forward Purchase Agreement, in the event of a sale, if any, of the Forward Purchase Securities, the Company expects to agree to use its reasonable best efforts (i) to file
 within 30 days after the closing of the initial Partnering Transaction a registration statement with the SEC for a secondary offering of the Forward Purchase Shares and the Forward Purchase Warrants (and underlying Class A Ordinary Shares), (ii)
 to cause such registration statement to be declared effective promptly thereafter but in no event later than 60 days after the initial filing, (iii) to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement until the earliest of (A) the date
 on which the Forward Purchasers or its assignees cease to hold the securities covered thereby and (B) the date all of the securities covered thereby can be sold publicly without restriction or limitation under Rule 144 under the Securities Act
 and (iv) after such registration statement is declared effective, to cause the Company to conduct firm commitment underwritten offerings, subject to certain limitations. In addition, the Forward Purchase Agreement provides for certain
 piggy-back registration rights to the holders of Forward Purchase Securities to include their securities in other registration statements filed by the Company.

Underwriting Agreement

The Company granted the underwriters a 45-day option from the date of the final prospectus relating to the Initial Public Offering to purchase up to 3,750,000 additional Units to cover
 over-allotments, if any, at the Initial Public Offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. On July 15, 2021, the underwriters purchased an additional 3,090,000 Option Units pursuant to the partial exercise of the
 over-allotment option. The Option Units were sold at an offering price of 10.00 per Unit, generating additional gross proceeds to the Company of 30,900,000. Except for the 1,000,000 Units purchased by certain parties in the Initial Public
 Offering, the underwriters were entitled to an underwriting discount of 0.20 per unit, or 5.4 million in the aggregate, paid upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering and exercise of the over-allotment option.

In addition, 0.35 per unit, or approximately 9.8 million in the aggregate, will be payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions. The deferred fee will become payable to
 the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Partnering Transaction, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement.

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates

This management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The
 preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities in our financial
 statements. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and judgments, including those related to fair value of financial instruments and accrued expenses. We base our estimates on historical experience, known trends and events and various
 other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results
 may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We have identified the following as our critical accounting policies:

Derivative Warrant Liabilities

We do not use derivative instruments to hedge exposures to cash flow, market, or foreign currency risks. We evaluate all of our financial instruments, including issued share purchase warrants,
 to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives, pursuant to ASC 480 and FASB ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ). The classification of derivative instruments, including
 whether such instruments should be recorded as liabilities or as equity, is re-assessed at the end of each reporting period.

46 

Table of Contents 

The Public Warrants and the Private Placement Warrants are recognized as derivative liabilities in accordance with ASC 815. Accordingly, we recognize the warrant instruments as liabilities at
 fair value and adjusts the carrying value of the instruments to fair value at each reporting period until they are exercised. The initial fair value of the Public Warrants issued in connection with the Initial Public Offering were estimated using
 a Monte-Carlo simulation model. The fair value of the Public Warrants as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 is based on observable listed prices for such warrants. The fair value of the Private Placement Warrants as of December 31, 2022 is determined
 using the fair value of the Public Warrants, as the Black-Scholes model used historically did not produce a meaningful result. The fair value of the Private Placement Warrants as of December 31, 2021 is determined using a Black-Scholes option
 pricing model. The determination of the fair value of the warrant liability may be subject to change as more current information becomes available and accordingly the actual results could differ significantly. Derivative warrant liabilities are
 classified as non-current liabilities as their liquidation is not reasonably expected to require the use of current assets or require the creation of current liabilities.

Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption

We account for our Class A Ordinary Shares subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. Class A Ordinary Shares
 subject to mandatory redemption (if any) are classified as liability instruments and are measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable Class A Ordinary Shares (including Class A Ordinary Shares that feature redemption rights that are either
 within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control) are classified as temporary equity. At all other times, Class A Ordinary Shares is classified as shareholders 
 equity. Our Class A Ordinary Shares feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to the occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, 28,090,000 Class A
 Ordinary Shares subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders deficit section of our balance sheets.

Under ASC 480-10-S99, we have elected to recognize changes in the redemption value immediately as they occur and adjust the carrying value of the security to equal the redemption value at the
 end of the reporting period. This method would view the end of the reporting period as if it were also the redemption date of the security. Effective with the closing of the Initial Public Offering (including exercise of the over-allotment
 option), we recognized the accretion from initial book value to redemption amount, which resulted in charges against additional paid-in capital (to the extent available) and accumulated deficit.

Net Income (Loss) Per Ordinary Share

We comply with accounting and disclosure requirements of FASB ASC Topic 260, Earnings Per Share. We have three classes of shares, which are referred to as Class A Ordinary Shares, Class B
 Ordinary Shares, and Class F Ordinary Shares. Income and losses are shared pro rata between the three classes of shares. This presentation assumes a business combination as the most likely outcome. Net income (loss) per ordinary share is
 calculated by dividing the net income (loss) by the weighted average shares of Ordinary Shares outstanding for the respective period.

The calculation of diluted net income (loss) per ordinary share does not consider the effect of the warrants issued in connection with the Initial Public Offering (including exercise of the
 over-allotment option) and the Private Placement to purchase an aggregate of 14,775,333 Class A Ordinary Shares in the calculation of diluted income (loss) per ordinary share, because their exercise is contingent upon future events and their
 inclusion would be anti-dilutive under the treasury stock method. As a result, diluted net income (loss) per ordinary share is the same as basic net income (loss) per share for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 1,
 2021 (commencement of operations) through December 31, 2021. Accretion associated with the redeemable Class A Ordinary Shares is excluded from earnings per share as the redemption value approximates fair value.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements

In June 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-03, ASC Subtopic 820 Fair Value Measurement of Equity Securities Subject to Contractual Sale Restrictions . The ASU amends ASC 820 to clarify that a
 contractual sales restriction is not considered in measuring an equity security at fair value and to introduce new disclosure requirements for equity securities subject to contractual sale restrictions that are measured at fair value. The ASU
 applies to both holders and issuers of equity and equity-linked securities measured at fair value. The amendments in this ASU are effective for the Company in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, and interim periods within those fiscal
 years. Early adoption is permitted for both interim and annual financial statements that have not yet been issued or made available for issuance. The Company is still evaluating the impact of this pronouncement on the financial statements.

47 

Table of Contents 

Management does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the Company s financial statements.

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K and did not have any commitments or contractual
 obligations.

JOBS Act

On April 5, 2012, the JOBS Act was signed into law. The JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for qualifying public companies. We qualify
 as an emerging growth company and under the JOBS Act are allowed to comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies. We are electing to delay the adoption of new or
 revised accounting standards, and as a result, we may not comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. As such, our financial statements
 may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates.

Additionally, we are in the process of evaluating the benefits of relying on the other reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject to certain conditions set forth in the
 JOBS Act, if, as an emerging growth company, we choose to rely on such exemptions we may not be required to, among other things, (i) provide an auditor s attestation report on our system of internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to
 Section 404, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging growth public companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii) comply with any requirement that may be adopted
 by the PCAOB regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis) and (iv) disclose certain executive
 compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the CEO s compensation to median employee compensation. These exemptions will apply for a period of five years following the
 completion of our Initial Public Offering or until we are no longer an emerging growth company, whichever is earlier.

ITEM 7A. 

QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this item.

ITEM 8. 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

The information called for by Item 8 is found in a separate section of this Report starting on pages F-1. See the Index to Financial Statements on page F-1.

ITEM 9. 

CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

None.

ITEM 9A. 

CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the
 effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the year ended December 31, 2022, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive
 officer and principal financial officer have concluded that during the period covered by this Report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022. 

48 

Table of Contents 

Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the
 time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or persons performing similar functions,
 as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

Management s Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting

As required by SEC rules and regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over
 financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting purposes in
 accordance with U.S. GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that:

(1) 

pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company,

(2) 

provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made
 only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and

(3) 

provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial statements. Also, projections of any evaluation
 of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the
 effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal
 Control - Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that our internal controls over financial reporting were effective as of December 31, 2022.

This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of internal controls from our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth
 company under the JOBS Act.

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

During the most recently completed fiscal quarter, there has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
 affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

ITEM 9B. 

OTHER INFORMATION

None.

49 

Table of Contents 

PART III 

ITEM 10. 

DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Officers and Directors

Our officers and directors are as follows:

Name

Age

Position

D.T. Ignacio Jayanti

54

Chief Executive Officer and Director

Jeremy S. Schein

43

Chief Financial Officer, President and Director

Maripat Alpuche

58

Director

Daniel J. Eckert

49

Director

William I. Jacobs

81

Director

D.T. Ignacio Jayanti, Chief Executive Officer and Director

D.T. Ignacio Jayanti has served as our CEO and a member of our board of directors since January 2021, and was appointed as Chairman of our board of directors in connection with the closing of our Initial Public
 Offering. Mr. Jayanti joined Corsair Capital in 1993, and currently serves as its Managing Partner and Chairman of the Buy-outs Investment Committee and as a member of the Infrastructure Investment Committee of Corsair s corporate private equity
 funds. Prior to spinning off Corsair Capital as an independent business from J.P. Morgan Chase Co. in 2006, Mr. Jayanti played a key role as a senior member of the investment team of the predecessor Corsair funds and was responsible for
 managing the operations of the Corsair business from 1994 onwards. From 1994 to 1999, Mr. Jayanti was also a senior member of the Investment Banking Department of J.P. Morgan, where he headed the Emerging Markets Financial Institutions group.
 Prior to J.P. Morgan, Mr. Jayanti worked at Credit Suisse First Boston in the Financial Institutions group both in New York and London. His investment banking experience includes complex advisory assignments in the United States, Europe, Asia and
 Latin America. Mr. Jayanti holds B.A. and an M.A. in Economics from Queens College, Cambridge University. We believe that Mr. Jayanti is qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors because of his extensive business and investment
 experience in the private equity industry and his knowledge of the financial services sector.

Jeremy S. Schein, Chief Financial Officer, President and Director

Jeremy S. Schein has served as our Chief Financial Officer since March 15, 2023, and as our President and a member of our board of directors since January 2021. Mr. Schein is a Partner at Corsair Capital having
 worked at Corsair Capital in a number of roles at the firm since 2001. He serves as a member of Corsair Capital s Investment Committee. Mr. Schein serves on the boards of Atlas US Buyer LLC and Amore Holdings TopCo GP LLC, as well as several
 current Corsair Capital portfolio companies, including TreviPay, Identity Intelligence Group, LLC, Oakridge Insurance Services LLC, Spring Venture Group, LLC, and Jackson Hewitt Tax Service Inc. Mr. Schein holds a B.A. in Economics from Cornell
 University. We believe Mr. Schein s extensive knowledge in the areas of financial technology, payments, business services and the broader financial services industry coupled with his experience in private equity investments, as well as his
 experience in leading the merger of a private company with and into a special purpose acquisition company, makes him well qualified to serve as a director.

Maripat Alpuche, Director

Ms. Alpuche is a professional with over 30 years of experience advising a diverse array of the nation s leading financial services, private equity and other business entities on M A, capital markets, joint
 venture and other transformational strategic transactions. Ms. Alpuche played a leading advisory role in several of the nation s largest public company mergers in the financial services sector. She also acted as trusted advisor to executive
 management teams and boards on governance, disclosure, contract negotiation and disputes, regulatory issues and other strategic matters. Ms. Alpuche has spent the majority of her professional career at Simpson Thacher Bartlett LLP where she
 was a key advisor on industry s largest public mergers, including the most recent four mergers creating JPMorgan Chase Co; the merger of Bank of New York Corporation and Mellon Corporation; the merger of Wachovia Corporation and First Union
 Corporation and Wachovia s successful hostile takeover defense against SunTrust; and the acquisition of John Hancock Financial Services, Inc. by Manulife Corporation. Ms. Alpuche is also a co-founder and the Managing Director, Strategy and
 Special Projects, of Percapita Group, Inc., a startup retail financial services platform with a commitment to a diverse and inclusive employee and client base. Ms. Alpuche received a B.A. from Franklin Marshall College and a Juris Doctor
 from Columbia University School of Law. We believe Ms. Alpuche s experience in mergers and acquisitions as well as her experience in the financial services industry makes her well qualified to serve as a member on our board of directors.

50 

Table of Contents 

Daniel J. Eckert, Director

Mr. Eckert most recently served as the Chief Product, Strategy Development Officer at Green Dot Corporation, where he reshaped the company s product and operations organizations for greater customer centricity
 while leading platform innovation efforts with strategic partners such as Apple, Google, Amazon, Intuit and Wealthfront. Prior to Green Dot, Mr. Eckert spent the last decade in progressive levels of responsibility as a senior executive at Walmart
 Inc., where he served as a key member of the U.S. leadership team responsible for Walmart s retail- and omni-channel business transformation. Mr. Eckert s responsibilities spanned Walmart s financial, retail, automated, and in-store pickup
 service lines as well as leadership over its Omnichannel shopping tools and Omni product catalog services, spanning 4,700 stores, 64,000 automated kiosks, and all of Walmart s digital platforms. Prior to Walmart, Mr. Eckert served as senior vice
 president of card and retail services for HSBC, where he founded and led HSBC s venture development and payment products group. He also previously held positions at JPMorgan Chase Co. and Accenture Ltd. (Strategy Consultant), and was
 founder and president of an early-stage investment banking company. Mr. Eckert became an operating partner of Corsair Capital LLC prior to the closing of our Initial Public Offering. Mr. Eckert received a B.A. in History from University of
 Michigan and a M.B.A. from the University of Chicago Booth School of Business. Mr. Eckert also a proud military veteran, having served as a Logistics Officer in the United States Marine Corps. We believe that Mr. Eckert is qualified to serve as a
 member of our board of directors because of his extensive senior leadership experience in the financial services sector.

William I. Jacobs, Director

Mr. Jacobs previously held the position of Senior Executive Vice President for MasterCard Global Resources where his responsibilities included administration, government affairs, audit, finance, analysis, legal,
 human resources and global communications. At Global Resources, he was responsible for developing new business ventures to service a wider range of member needs and was also involved in corporate finance and M A activities. Before joining
 MasterCard, Mr. Jacobs co-founded Financial Security Assurance Inc. (FSA) one of the world s largest bond insurance companies. At FSA, he served as Chief Operating Officer, managing all staff functions including finance, policy, administration,
 investment management and legal. Mr. Jacobs is also Chairman of the board of directors of Green Dot Corporation and serves as a director for Repay Holdings Corporation. He previously served on the boards of directors of Asset Acceptance Capital
 Corp., Investment Technology Group, Inc., Alpharma, Inc., LifeNexus and BondFactor, as the Chairman of the board of directors of Global Payments Inc. and as the Chairman of the Board of Trustees at American University in Washington, D.C. Mr.
 Jacobs is currently an operating partner of Corsair Capital LLC. Mr. Jacobs received a B.S. in Business Administration from American University and a Juris Doctor from American University Law School. We believe Mr. Jacobs is qualified to serve as
 a member of our board of directors because of his experience in serving as a member of the board of directors of companies in the financial services sector, as well as his experience in serving as a director of a public company as a result of its
 merger with and into a special purpose acquisition company.

Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors

Our board of directors consists of five members and is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year, and with each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our
 first annual general meeting) serving a three-year term. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of William I. Jacobs, will expire at our first annual general meeting. The term of office of the second class of directors,
 consisting of Maripat Alpuche and Daniel J. Eckert, will expire at the second annual general meeting. The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of Jeremy S. Schein and D.T. Ignacio Jayanti, will expire at the third annual
 general meeting.

Our officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office.

Pursuant to the agreement in connection with the closing of our Initial Public Offering, our Sponsor, upon and following consummation of an initial Partnering Transaction, is entitled to nominate three individuals
 for election to our board of directors, as long as the Sponsor holds any securities covered by the registration and shareholder rights agreement.

Our board of directors is authorized to appoint officers as it deems appropriate pursuant to our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association.

51 

Table of Contents 

Only holders of Founder Shares will have the right to appoint directors in any general meeting held prior to or in connection with the completion of our Partnering Transaction.

Director Independence

The NYSE rules require that a majority of our board of directors be independent within one year of our Initial Public Offering. An independent director is defined generally as a person who, in the opinion of the
 company s board of directors, has no material relationship with the listed company (either directly or as a partner, shareholder or officer of an organization that has a relationship with the company). We have three independent directors as
 defined in the NYSE rules and applicable SEC rules. Our board of directors has determined that each of Maripat Alpuche, Daniel J. Eckert and William I. Jacobs are independent directors as defined in the NYSE listing standards and applicable SEC
 rules. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present.

Executive Officer and Director Compensation

None of our executive officers or directors have received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Commencing on the date that our securities are first listed on the NYSE through the earlier of consummation
 of our Partnering Transaction and our liquidation, we may pay an affiliate of our Sponsor for office space, secretarial and administrative services provided to members of our management team up to 15,000 per month. In addition, our Sponsor,
 executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential partnering candidates and performing due
 diligence on suitable Partnering Transactions. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our Sponsor, executive officers or directors, or our or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to a Partnering
 Transaction will be made from (i) funds held outside the trust account or (ii) interest earned on the trust account and released to us to pay our taxes. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such reimbursements, we do not expect to have
 any additional controls in place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and executive officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with our activities on our behalf in connection with identifying and
 consummating a Partnering Transaction. Other than these payments and reimbursements, no compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid by the company to our Sponsor, executive officers and directors, or any of
 their respective affiliates, prior to completion of our Partnering Transaction.

After the completion of our Partnering Transaction, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully
 disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation materials or tender offer materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed Partnering Transaction. We have not established any limit on the amount
 of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed Partnering Transaction, because the directors of the
 post-combination business will be responsible for determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our executive officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination,
 either by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors.

We do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our Partnering Transaction, although it is possible that some or all of our
 executive officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our Partnering Transaction. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us
 may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a partnering candidate but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our Partnering Transaction will be a determining
 factor in our decision to proceed with any potential Partnering Transaction. We are not party to any agreements with our executive officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment.

52 

Table of Contents 

Committees of the Board of Directors

Our board of directors has three standing committees: an audit committee, a compensation committee and a nominating and corporate governance committee. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, the NYSE
 rules of the and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, the rules of the NYSE require that the
 compensation committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Each committee will operate under a charter that will be approved by our board and will have the composition and responsibilities described below.

Audit Committee

We have established an audit committee of the board of directors. Maripat Alpuche, Daniel J. Eckert and William I. Jacobs are currently the members of our audit committee. Under the NYSE listing standards and
 applicable SEC rules, we are required to have three members of the audit committee, all of whom must be independent. Daniel J. Eckert serves as the chairman of the audit committee. Our board of directors has determined that each of Maripat
 Alpuche, Daniel J. Eckert and William I. Jacobs is independent, that each member of the audit committee is financially literate and that Daniel J. Eckert and William I. Jacobs each qualify as an audit committee financial expert as defined in
 applicable SEC rules.

The audit committee is responsible for:

meeting with our independent registered public accounting firm regarding, among other issues, audits, and adequacy of our accounting and control systems;

monitoring the independence of the independent registered public accounting firm;

verifying the rotation of the lead (or coordinating) audit partner having primary responsibility for the audit and the audit partner responsible for reviewing the audit as required by law;

inquiring and discussing with management our compliance with applicable laws and regulations;

pre-approving all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed by our independent registered public accounting firm, including the fees and terms of the services to be performed;

appointing or replacing the independent registered public accounting firm;

determining the compensation and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm (including resolution of disagreements between management and the independent registered public accounting firm regarding
 financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or related work;

establishing procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or reports which raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting
 policies;

monitoring compliance on a quarterly basis with the terms of our Initial Public Offering and, if any noncompliance is identified, immediately taking all action necessary to rectify such noncompliance or otherwise causing compliance
 with the terms of our Initial Public Offering; and

reviewing and approving all payments made to our existing shareholders, executive officers or directors and their respective affiliates. Any payments made to members of our audit committee will be reviewed and approved by our board of
 directors, with the interested director or directors abstaining from such review and approval.

The audit committee is a separately designated standing committee established in accordance with Section 3 (a)(58)(A) of the Exchange Act.

Compensation Committee

We have established a compensation committee of our board of directors. The members of our compensation committee are Maripat Alpuche, Daniel J. Eckert and William I. Jacobs. William I. Jacobs serves as chairman of
 the compensation committee. Under the NYSE listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have a compensation committee comprised entirely of independent directors. Our board of directors has determined that each of Maripat
 Alpuche, Daniel J. Eckert and William I. Jacobs is independent. We have adopted a compensation committee charter, which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including:

53 

Table of Contents 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our chief executive officer s compensation, evaluating our chief executive officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and
 determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our chief executive officer s based on such evaluation;

reviewing and approving the compensation of all of our other Section 16 executive officers;

reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans;

implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans;

assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements;

approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our executive officers and employees;

producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and

reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors.

The charter provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the
 appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser.

However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the
 factors required by the NYSE and the SEC.

Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee

We have established a corporate governance and nominating committee of our board of directors. The members of our corporate governance and nominating committee are Maripat Alpuche, Daniel J. Eckert and William I.
 Jacobs, and Maripat Alpuche serves as chairperson of the corporate governance and nominating committee. Under the NYSE listing standards, we are required to have a corporate governance and nominating committee composed entirely of independent
 directors. Our board of directors has determined that each of Maripat Alpuche, Daniel J. Eckert and William I. Jacobs is independent.

The primary function of the corporate governance and nominating committee include:

identifying individuals qualified to become members of the board of directors and making recommendations to the board of directors regarding nominees for election;

reviewing the independence of each director and making a recommendation to the board of directors with respect to each director s independence;

developing and recommending to the board of directors the corporate governance principles applicable to us and reviewing our corporate governance guidelines at least annually;

making recommendations to the board of directors with respect to the membership of the audit, compensation and corporate governance and nominating committees;

overseeing the evaluation of the performance of the board of directors and its committees on a continuing basis, including an annual self-evaluation of the performance of the corporate governance and nominating committee;

54 

Table of Contents 

considering the adequacy of our governance structures and policies, including as they relate to our environmental sustainability and governance practices;

considering director nominees recommended by shareholders; and

reviewing our overall corporate governance and reporting to the board of directors on its findings and any recommendations.

Guidelines for Selecting Director Nominees

The guidelines for selecting nominees, which are specified in a charter adopted by us, generally provide that persons to be nominated:

should possess personal qualities and characteristics, accomplishments and reputation in the business community;

should have current knowledge and contacts in the communities in which we do business and in our industry or other industries relevant to our business;

should have the ability and willingness to commit adequate time to the board of directors and committee matters;

should demonstrate ability and willingness to commit adequate time to the board of directors and committee matters;

should possess the fit of the individual s skills and personality with those of other directors and potential directors in building a board of directors that is effective, collegial and responsive to our needs; and

should demonstrate diversity of viewpoints, background, experience, and other demographics, and all aspects of diversity in order to enable the board to perform its duties and responsibilities effectively, including candidates with a
 diversity of age, gender, nationality, race, ethnicity, and sexual orientation.

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation

None of our executive officers currently serves, and in the past year has not served, as a member of the compensation committee of any entity that has one or more executive officers serving on our board of directors.

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our officers, directors and persons who beneficially own more than ten percent of our Ordinary Shares to file reports of ownership and changes in
 ownership with the SEC. These reporting persons are also required to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based solely upon a review of such forms, we believe that during the year ended December 31, 2022 there were no
 delinquent filers.

Code of Ethics

We have adopted a code of ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees Code of Ethics ). Our Code of Ethics is available on our website. Our Code of Ethics is a
 code of ethics, as defined in Item 406(b) of Regulation S-K. We will make any legally required disclosures regarding amendments to, or waivers of, provisions of our Code of Ethics on our website. 

Conflicts of Interest

Under Cayman Islands law, directors and officers owe the following fiduciary duties:

duty to act in good faith in what the director or officer believes to be in the best interests of the company as a whole;

55 

Table of Contents 

duty to exercise powers for the purposes for which those powers were conferred and not for a collateral purpose;

directors should not improperly fetter the exercise of future discretion;

duty to exercise powers fairly as between different sections of shareholders;

duty not to put themselves in a position in which there is a conflict between their duty to the company and their personal interests; and

duty to exercise independent judgment.

In addition to the above, directors also owe a duty of care which is not fiduciary in nature. This duty has been defined as a requirement to act as a reasonably diligent person having both the general knowledge,
 skill and experience that may reasonably be expected of a person carrying out the same functions as are carried out by that director in relation to the company and the general knowledge skill and experience of that director.

As set out above, directors have a duty not to put themselves in a position of conflict and this includes a duty not to engage in self-dealing, or to otherwise benefit as a result of their position. However, in some
 instances what would otherwise be a breach of this duty can be forgiven and/or authorized in advance by the shareholders; provided that there is full disclosure by the directors. This can be done by way
 of permission granted in the memorandum and articles of association or alternatively by shareholder approval at general meetings.

Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to at least one other entity pursuant to which such officer or director is or
 will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has
 then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law.
 Our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed
 by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any
 potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for any director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other. We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors
 will materially affect our ability to complete the Partnering Transaction.

Below is a table summarizing the entities to which our executive officers and directors currently have fiduciary duties or contractual obligations:

Individual 

Entity 

Entity s Business 

Affiliation 

D.T. Ignacio Jayanti

Corsair Capital Partners Group, Ltd.

Private Equity

Director, Chief Executive Officer

Corsair Capital Group, Ltd.

Private Equity

Director, Chief Executive Officer

Corsair Capital LLC (1)

Private Equity

Chief Executive Officer

Corsair Infrastructure Partners Management GP, Ltd.

Private Equity

Director, President

Deep Labs

Computer AI

Director

First Eagle Investment Management

Investment Management

Board Member

Aspen Institute Finance Leaders Fellowship Board of Overseers

Nonprofit

Board Member

56 

Table of Contents 

Individual

Entity

Entity s Business 

Affiliation

Jeremy S. Schein

Corsair Capital LLC (1)

Private Equity

Partner

TreviPay

Financial Services

Board Member

Identity Intelligence Group, LLC

Identity Theft Protection Credit Monitoring Solutions

Board Member

Oakbridge Insurance Services LLC

Insurance

Board Member

Spring Venture Group, LLC

Insurance

Board Member

Jackson Hewitt Tax Service Inc.

Financial Services

Board Member

Atlas US Buyer LLC

Financial Services

Board Member

Amore Holdings TopCo GP LLC

Financial Services

Board Member

Maripat Alpuche

Percapita Group, Inc.

Financial Services

Managing Director, Strategy and Special Projects

Daniel J. Eckert

Akston Wyatt Holdings, Inc.

Financial Services

President

Akston Wyatt One, LLC

Financial Services

Manager

Akston Wyatt Advisors, LLC

Financial Services

Manager

Atlas US Buyer LLC

Financial Services

Board Member

Amore Holdings TopCo GP LLC

Financial Services

Board Member

William I. Jacobs

REPAY Holdings Corp.

Financial Services

Board Member

Green Dot Corporation

Financial Services

Board Member, Interim CEO

(1) 

Includes certain of its funds and other affiliates

There are also other potential conflicts of interest:

Our executive officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a Partnering
 Transaction and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our Partnering Transaction. Each of our executive officers is engaged in several other business endeavors for which he may
 be entitled to substantial compensation, and our executive officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs.

Our Initial Shareholders purchased Founder Shares prior to our Initial Public Offering and purchased Private Placement Warrants in a transaction that closed simultaneously with the closing of our Initial Public Offering. Our Initial
 Shareholders have entered into agreements with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares and any Public Shares they hold in connection with the completion of our
 Partnering Transaction. The other members of our management team have entered into agreements similar to the one entered into by our Initial Shareholders with respect to any Public Shares acquired by them in or after our Initial Public
 Offering. Additionally, our Initial Shareholders have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their Founder Shares if we fail to complete our Partnering Transaction within the
 prescribed time frame. If we do not complete our Partnering Transaction within the prescribed time frame, the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless.

Our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular Partnering Transaction if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a partnering candidate as a
 condition to any agreement with respect to our Partnering Transaction.

We are not prohibited from pursuing a Partnering Transaction with a partnering candidate that is affiliated with our Sponsor, officers or directors or completing the Partnering Transaction through a joint venture or
 other form of shared ownership with our Sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our Partnering Transaction with a partnering candidate that is affiliated with our Sponsor, executive officers or directors, we, or a
 committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking or an independent accounting firm, that such Partnering Transaction is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to
 obtain such an opinion in any other context. Furthermore, in no event will our Sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or any of their respective affiliates, be paid by the company any finder s fee, consulting fee or other
 compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our Partnering Transaction. Further, commencing on the date our securities are first listed on the NYSE, we may also pay an affiliate of our Sponsor,
 for office space, secretarial and administrative services provided to members of our management team up to 15,000 per month.

57 

Table of Contents 

We cannot assure investors that any of the above mentioned conflicts will be resolved in our favor.

In the event that we submit our Partnering Transaction to our Public Shareholders for a vote, our Initial Shareholders have agreed to vote their Founder Shares and Performance Shares, and they and the other members
 of our management team have agreed to vote any Founder Shares they hold and any shares purchased during or after our Initial Public Offering in favor of our Partnering Transaction.

Limitation on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors

Cayman Islands law does not limit the extent to which a company s memorandum and articles of association may provide for indemnification of officers and directors, except to the extent any such provision may be held
 by the Cayman Islands courts to be contrary to public policy, such as to provide indemnification against willful default, fraud or the consequences of committing a crime. Our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association provide for
 indemnification of our officers and directors to the maximum extent permitted by law, including for any liability incurred in their capacities as such, except through their own actual fraud, willful default or willful neglect. We purchased a
 policy of directors and officers liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers
 and directors. We also entered into indemnity agreements with them.

Our officers and directors have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account, and have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they
 may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any services provided to us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever. Accordingly, any indemnification provided will only be able to be satisfied by
 us if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the trust account or (ii) we consummate a Partnering Transaction.

Our indemnification obligations may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the
 likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we
 pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions.

We believe that these provisions, the insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced officers and directors.

ITEM 11. 

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

Executive Officer and Director Compensation

None of our executive officers or directors have received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Since the consummation of our Initial Public Offering and until the earlier of consummation of our
 Partnering Transaction and our liquidation, we will pay an affiliate of our Sponsor for office space, secretarial and administrative services provided to members of our management team up to 15,000 per month. In addition, our Sponsor, executive
 officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential partnering candidates and performing due diligence
 on suitable Partnering Transactions. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our Sponsor, executive officers or directors, or our or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to a Partnering Transaction
 will be made from (i) funds held outside the trust account or (ii) interest earned on the trust account and released to us to pay our taxes. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such reimbursements, we do not expect to have any
 additional controls in place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and executive officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with our activities on our behalf in connection with identifying and consummating a
 Partnering Transaction. Other than these payments and reimbursements, no compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid by the company to our Sponsor, executive officers and directors, or any of their respective
 affiliates, prior to completion of our Partnering Transaction.

58 

Table of Contents 

After the completion of our Partnering Transaction, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully
 disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation materials or tender offer materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed Partnering Transaction. We have not established any limit on the amount
 of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed Partnering Transaction, because the directors of the
 post-combination business will be responsible for determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our executive officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination,
 either by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors.

We do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our Partnering Transaction, although it is possible that some or all of our
 executive officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our Partnering Transaction. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us
 may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a partnering candidate but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our Partnering Transaction will be a determining
 factor in our decision to proceed with any potential Partnering Transaction. We are not party to any agreements with our executive officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment.

ITEM 12. 

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our Ordinary Shares as of March 15 , 2023, by:

each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding Ordinary Shares;

each of our executive officers and directors; and

all our executive officers and directors, as a group.

In the table below, percentage ownership is based on 28,090,000 Class A Ordinary Shares, par value 0.0001, and 1,404,500 Class F Ordinary Shares outstanding as of March 15, 2023. Voting power
 represents the combined voting power of Class A Ordinary Shares and Class F Ordinary Shares owned beneficially by such person. On all matters to be voted upon, the holders of the Class A Ordinary Shares and Class F Ordinary Shares vote together
 as a single class. The following table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of the Private Placement Warrants as these warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of March 15, 2023, Class A Ordinary Shares issuable pursuant to the
 Forward Purchase Agreement, as such shares will only be issued with the closing of our initial Partnering Transaction, and Class B Ordinary Shares since they convert into Class A Ordinary Shares on the last day of each fiscal year following
 consummation of the Partnering Transaction, depending on a number of factors including, but not limited to, the per price share of Class A Ordinary Shares.

Class A Ordinary Shares (2)

Class F Ordinary Shares (3)

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1)

Number of Shares

 Beneficially Owned

Approximate

 Percentage of Class

Number of Shares 

 Beneficially

 Owned

Approximate

 Percentage of Class

5 Shareholders:

Corsair Partnering Sponsor LP (4) 

1,404,500

100.0

Aristeia Capital, L.L.C. (5)

2,634,118

9.4

Entities affiliated with Triple8, LLC (6)

2,475,000

8.8

Entities affiliated with Wellington Management Group LLP (7)

1,662,726

5.9

Directors and Officers

D.T. Ignacio Jayanti (8)

Jeremy S. Schein (8)

Paul Cabral (9) 

Maripat Alpuche (8)

Daniel J. Eckert (8)

William I. Jacobs (8)

All officers and directors as a group (6 individuals)

(1) 

Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following is 717 Fifth Avenue, 24th Floor, New York, NY 10022.

59 

Table of Contents 

(2) 

Excludes Class A Ordinary Shares issuable pursuant to the Forward Purchase Agreement, as such shares will only be issued with the closing of our initial Partnering Transaction.

(3) 

Interests shown consist solely of Founder Shares, classified as Class F Ordinary Shares. Founder Shares will automatically convert into Ordinary Shares concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of our Partnering
 Transaction on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment and the promote conversion described herein.

(4) 

Corsair Partnering Sponsor LP, a Cayman Islands limited partnership, is the record holder of these shares. Corsair Capital Partners Group Ltd., an exempted company organized under the laws of the Cayman Islands Corsair Capital
 Partners ), owns 100 of the equity interest in Corsair Sponsor GP, an exempted general partnership organized under the laws of the Cayman Islands Corsair Sponsor GP ). Corsair Sponsor GP is the general partner of Corsair Partnering
 Sponsor Aggregator LP, an exempted limited partnership organized under the laws of the Cayman Islands, which owns a 50 equity interest in Corsair Partnering Sponsor LP, an exempted limited partnership organized under the laws of the
 Cayman Islands Corsair Partnering Sponsor LP ). Corsair Sponsor GP is the general partner of Corsair Partnering Sponsor LP. Corsair Capital Partners is the managing Member of Corsair V Management, L.L.C., a limited liability company
 organized under the laws of the Cayman Islands, which is the general partner of Corsair V Management, L.P. an exempted general partnership organized under the laws of the Cayman Islands, which is the general partner of Corsair V Financial
 Services Capital Partners, L.P. Corsair V Financial Services Capital Partners L.P. owns a 50 equity interest in Corsair Partnering Sponsor LP. Corsair Capital Partners Group Ltd., Corsair Sponsor GP, Corsair Partnering Aggregator LP,
 Corsair Partnering Sponsor LP, Corsair V Management L.L.C., Corsair V Management L.P. and Corsair V Financial Services Capital Partners L.P. are collectively referred to as the Corsair Entities. As such, each of the Corsair Entities may
 be deemed to have beneficial ownership of the securities held by Corsair Partnering Sponsor LP. The Corsair Entities may be deemed to have shared voting power and dispositive power over the shares. The Corsair Entities are ultimately
 governed by an investment committee consisting of twelve individuals, including D.T. Ignacio Jayanti and Jeremy S. Schein, who serve on the board of directors of the Issuer and as executive officers of the Issuer. Under the so-called
 rule of three, if voting and dispositive decisions regarding an entity s securities are made by two or more individuals, and a voting and dispositive decision requires the approval of a majority of those individuals, then none of the
 individuals is deemed a beneficial owner of the entity s securities. This is the situation with regard to Corsair Partnering Sponsor LP. Based upon the foregoing analysis, no beneficial owner of Corsair Partnering Sponsor LP exercises
 voting or dispositive control over any of the securities held by Corsair Partnering Sponsor LP even those in which he directly holds a pecuniary interest. Accordingly, none of them will be deemed to have or share beneficial ownership of
 such shares and, for the avoidance of doubt, expressly disclaims any such beneficial interest to the extent of any pecuniary interest he may have therein, directly or indirectly.

(5) 

The information in the table above is based solely on information contained in this shareholder s Schedule 13G under the Exchange Act filed by such shareholder
 with the SEC . Consists of an aggregate of 2,634,118 Class A Ordinary Shares beneficially owned, or that may be deemed to be beneficially owned, by Aristeia
 Capital, L.L.C. The address of the principal business office of Aristeia Capital, L.L.C. is One Greenwich Plaza, 3 rd Floor, Greenwich, CT 06830. 

(6) 

The information in the table above is based solely on information contained in this shareholder s Schedule 13G under the Exchange Act filed by such shareholder
 with the SEC . Consists of an aggregate of 2,475,000 Class A Ordinary Shares beneficially owned, or that may be deemed to be beneficially owned, by (i) Triple8, LLC Triple8 ), (ii) Eldridge Industries, LLC Eldridge and (iii) Todd L. Boehly. Security Benefit Life Insurance Company Security Benefit ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Eldridge,
 purchased the reported securities on July 6, 2021 and, effective July 28th, 2021, Security Benefit transferred the reported securities to Triple8 for no consideration. Triple8 is indirectly controlled by Eldridge. Todd L. Boehly is
 the indirect controlling member of Eldridge, and in such capacity, may be deemed to have voting and dispositive power with respect to the Shares. Such beneficial ownership is expressly disclaimed by Eldridge and Todd L. Boehly. The address of the principal business office of Mr. Boehly and Eldridge is 600 Steamboat Road, Floor 2, Greenwich, CT 06830. The address of the principal business office of Triple8 is One Security Benefit
 Place, Topeka, KS 66636. 

(7) 

The information in the table above is based solely on information contained in this shareholder s Schedule 13G under the Exchange Act filed by such shareholder
 with the SEC. Consists of an aggregate of 1,662,726 Class A Ordinary Shares beneficially owned, or that may be deemed to be beneficially owned, by Wellington Management Group LLP Management Group ), certain of its affiliates and other
 companies as reported by Management Group, Wellington Group Holdings LLP, Wellington Investment Advisors Holdings LLP and Wellington Management Company LLP. The address of the Management Group is c/o Wellington Management Company LLP
 280 Congress Street, Boston, MA 02210. 

(8) 

Does not include any shares indirectly owned by this individual as a result of his or her indirect ownership interest in our Sponsor. On March 15, 2023, the board of directors of the Company appointed
 Jeremy S. Schein as Chief Financial Officer of the Company.

(9) 

On March 15, 2023, Mr. Cabral resigned as Chief Financial Officer of the Company. Mr. Cabral s resignation did not result from a disagreement with the Company or the board of directors.

Changes in Control

None.

60 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 13. 

CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE

On January 8, 2021, one of our affiliates purchased an aggregate of (a) 2,300,000 Founder Shares in exchange for a capital contribution of 6,250, or approximately 0.0027 per share and (b) 120,000 Performance Shares
 for a capital contribution of 18,750, or approximately 0.1563 per share, and on January 21, 2021 (x) exchanged 130,000 Founder Shares on a one for one basis for Performance Shares and (y) surrendered 157,500 Founder Shares. Such Founder Shares
 and Performance Shares were assigned to our Sponsor on January 28, 2021. On April 30, 2021, our Sponsor surrendered 575,000 Founder Shares for no consideration, such that as of June 30, 2021, there were 1,437,500 Founder Shares and 250,000
 Performance Shares issued and outstanding. On July 15, 2021, the underwriter purchased an additional 3,090,000 Units pursuant to the partial exercise of the over-allotment option. As a result, the Sponsor subsequently forfeited 33,000 Class F
 Ordinary Shares on July 15, 2021. Such securities were issued in connection with our organization pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act, and were subsequently transferred to our Sponsor
 pursuant to Regulation S under the Securities Act.

Our Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 5,412,000 Private Placement Warrants for an aggregate purchase price of 8,118,000, or 1.50 per private placement warrant. Each private placement warrant includes one-third of
 one warrant. Each full private placement warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per share. The Private Placement Warrants (including the Class A Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement
 Warrants) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold until 30 days after the completion of our Partnering Transaction.

If any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a Partnering Transaction opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations,
 he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such Partnering Transaction opportunity to such entity. Our officers and directors currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that
 may take priority over their duties to us. We may pursue an affiliated joint acquisition opportunity with one or more affiliates of Corsair Capital and/or one or more investors in Corsair Capital or one of its affiliates, to which an officer or
 director has a fiduciary or contractual obligation. Any such entity may co-invest with us in the partnering candidate at the time of our Partnering Transaction, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the acquisition by issuing to such
 entity a class of equity or Equity-Linked Securities.

Pursuant to a Letter Agreement with our Sponsor, we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding a Partnering Transaction without the prior written consent of our Sponsor.

Commencing on the date that the Company s securities were first listed on the New York Stock Exchange through the earlier of consummation of the Partnering Transaction and the Company s liquidation, the Company
 agreed to pay an affiliate of the Sponsor for office space, secretarial and administrative services provided to members of the Company s management team up to 15,000 per month. Upon completion of our Partnering Transaction or our liquidation, we
 will cease paying these monthly fees.

No compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid by the company to our Sponsor, executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered prior to
 or in connection with the completion of a Partnering Transaction. However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential partnering
 candidates and performing due diligence on suitable Partnering Transactions. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our Sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates.

In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended Partnering Transaction, our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated
 to, loan us funds as may be required on a non-interest basis. If we complete a Partnering Transaction, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that the Partnering Transaction does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital
 held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into Private Placement Warrants of the post Partnering
 Transaction entity at a price of 1.50 per Private Placement Warrants at the option of the lender. The Private Placement Warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants issued to our Sponsor. Except as set forth above, the terms of
 such loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. Prior to the completion of our Partnering Transaction, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our Sponsor or an affiliate of
 our Sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account.

Any of the foregoing payments to an affiliate of our Sponsor, repayments of loans from our Sponsor or repayments of working capital loans prior to our Partnering Transaction will be made using funds held outside the
 trust account and may be made from interest earned on the trust account and released to us to pay our taxes.

61 

Table of Contents 

After our Partnering Transaction, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our
 shareholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, furnished to our shareholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of distribution of such tender
 offer materials or at the time of a shareholder meeting held to consider our Partnering Transaction, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation.

We have entered into a registration and shareholder rights agreement with respect to the Founder Shares, Private Placement Warrants, and Private Placement Warrants that may be issued upon the conversion of working
 capital loans, which is described under the heading Note 5. Commitments and Contingencies Registration and Shareholder Rights in the financial statements included elsewhere in this Current Report on
 Form 10-K.

Policy for Approval of Related Party Transactions

The audit committee of our board of directors will adopt a policy setting forth the policies and procedures for its review and approval or ratification of related party transactions. A related party transaction 
 is any consummated or proposed transaction or series of transactions: (i) in which the company was or is to be a participant; (ii) the amount of which exceeds (or is reasonably expected to exceed) the lesser of 120,000 or 1 of the average of
 the company s total assets at year end for the prior two completed fiscal years in the aggregate over the duration of the transaction (without regard to profit or loss); and (iii) in which a related party had, has or will have a direct or
 indirect material interest. Related parties under this policy will include: (i) our directors, nominees for director or executive officers; (ii) any record or beneficial owner of more than 5 of any class of our voting securities; (iii) any
 immediate family member of any of the foregoing if the foregoing person is a natural person; and (iv) any other person who maybe a related person pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act. Pursuant to the policy, the audit
 committee will consider (i) the relevant facts and circumstances of each related party transaction, including if the transaction is on terms comparable to those that could be obtained in arm s-length dealings with an unrelated third party, (ii)
 the extent of the related party s interest in the transaction, (iii) whether the transaction contravenes our code of ethics or other policies, (iv) whether the audit committee believes the relationship underlying the transaction to be in the best
 interests of the company and its shareholders and (v) the effect that the transaction may have on a director s status as an independent member of the board and on his or her eligibility to serve on the board s committees. Management will present
 to the audit committee each proposed related party transaction, including all relevant facts and circumstances relating thereto. Under the policy, we may consummate related party transactions only if our audit committee approves or ratifies the
 transaction in accordance with the guidelines set forth in the policy. The policy will not permit any director or executive officer to participate in the discussion of, or decision concerning, a related person transaction in which he or she is
 the related party.

ITEM 14. 

PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES

The following is a summary of fees paid to WithumSmith+Brown, PC for services rendered.

Audit Fees . Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements, reviews of our quarterly financial
 statements and services that are normally provided by our independent registered public accounting firm in connection with statutory and regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by WithumSmith+Brown, PC for audit fees, inclusive of required
 filings with the SEC for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 1, 2021 (commencement of operations) through December 31, 2021, and of services rendered in connection with our Initial Public Offering, totaled
 approximately 117,685 and 137,763, respectively.

Audit-Related Fees . Audit-related fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our
 year-end financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultation concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. We did not pay
 WithumSmith+Brown, PC any audit-related fees for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 1, 2021 (commencement of operations) through December 31, 2021.

Tax Fees . Tax fees consist of fees billed for professional services relating to tax compliance, tax planning and tax advice. We had approximately 4,000 and 0 billed by
 WithumSmith+Brown, PC for tax fees for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 1, 2021 (commencement of operations) through December 31, 2021, respectively.

All Other Fees . All other fees consist of fees billed for all other services. We did not pay WithumSmith+Brown, PC any other fees for the year ended December 31, 2022 and
 for the period from January 1, 2021 (commencement of operations) through December 31, 2021.

62 

Table of Contents 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. 

EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SCHEDULES

(a)

The following documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K:

(1)

Financial Statements:

The financial statements are found in a separate section of this Report starting on pages F-1. See the Index to Financial Statements on page F-1.

(2)

Financial Statement Schedules

There are no financial statement schedules filed as part of this Report, since the required information is included in the financial statements, including the notes thereto, included in Item 8.
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data or the circumstances requiring inclusion of such schedules are not present.

(3)

Exhibits

We hereby file as part of this Report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index.

Exhibit 

 No.

Description

3.1

Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Current
 Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 7, 2021). 

4.1

Description of Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (incorporated herein by
 reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 29, 2022). 

4.2

Warrant Agreement, dated June 30, 2021, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent
 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 7, 2021). 

10.1

Letter Agreement, dated June 30, 2021, among the Company and its officers and directors and Corsair Partnering Sponsor LP (incorporated
 herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 7, 2021). 

10.2

Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated June 30, 2021, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as
 trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 7, 2021). 

10.3

Registration and Shareholder Rights Agreement, dated June 30, 2021, between the Company and certain security holders (incorporated herein
 by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 7, 2021). 

10.4

Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated June 30, 2021, between the Company and the Sponsor (incorporated herein by reference
 to Exhibit 10.6 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 7, 2021). 

10.5

Administrative Services Agreement, dated June 30, 2021, between the Company and Corsair Partnering Sponsor LP (incorporated herein by
 reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 7, 2021). 

10.6

Forward Purchase Agreement, dated June 30, 2021, between the Company and Corsair V Financial Services Capital Partners, L.P. (incorporated
 herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 7, 2021). 

31.1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and
 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

63 

Table of Contents 

31.2 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) Pursuant to Rules
 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350,
 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) Pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
 Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS

Inline XBRL Instance Document

101.SCH

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document

101.CAL

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document

101.DEF

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document

101.LAB

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document

101.PRE

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document

104

Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101)

Filed herewith.

These certifications are furnished to the SEC pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and are deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, nor shall they be deemed
 incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing.

64 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 16. 

FORM 10-K SUMMARY

Not applicable.

65 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly
 authorized.

March 30, 2023

CORSAIR PARTNERING CORPORATION

By:

/s/ D.T Ignacio Jayanti 

Name:

D.T Ignacio Jayanti

Title:

Chief Executive Officer

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates
 indicated.

Signature 

Title 

Date 

/s/ D. T. Ignacio Jayanti

Chief Executive Officer and Director

March 30, 2023

D. T. Ignacio Jayanti

(Principal Executive Officer)

/s/ Jeremy S. Schein

Chief Financial Officer,

 President and Director

 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)

March 30, 2023

Jeremy S. Schein

/s/ Maripat Alpuche

Director

March 30, 2023

Maripat Alpuche

/s/ Daniel J. Eckert

Director

March 30, 2023

Daniel J. Eckert

/s/ William I. Jacobs

Director

March 30, 2023

William I. Jacobs

66 

Table of Contents 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Table of Contents

Page

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Number 100 

F-2

Financial Statements 

F-3 

Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

F-3

Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 1, 2021 (commencement of operations) through December 31, 2021 

F-4

Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 1, 2021 (commencement of operations) through December
 31, 2021 

F-5

Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 1, 2021 (commencement of operations) through December 31, 2021 

F-6

Notes to Financial Statements 

F-7

F-1 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of

Corsair Partnering Corporation

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Corsair Partnering Corporation (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related
 statements of operations, changes in shareholders deficit and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from January 1, 2021 (Commencement of Operations) through December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively
 referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash
 flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from January 1, 2021 (Commencement of Operations) through December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

Going Concern

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the
 financial statements, if the Company is unable to raise additional funds to alleviate liquidity needs and complete a business combination by July 6, 2023 then the Company will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The
 liquidity condition and date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The
 financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's
 financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with
 the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
 reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial
 reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial
 reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud,
 and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
 used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021.

March 30, 2022

F-2 

Table of Contents 

CORSAIR PARTNERING CORPORATION 

BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Assets:

Current assets:

Cash

Prepaid expenses

Total current assets

Investments held in Trust Account

Total Assets

Liabilities, Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption and Shareholders Deficit:

Current liabilities:

Accounts payable

Accrued expenses

Due to related party

Total current liabilities

Derivative warrant liabilities

Deferred underwriting commissions in connection with the initial public offering

Total liabilities

Commitments and Contingencies

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption; 
 par value; shares at redemption value at approximately and per share as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 ,
 respectively 

Shareholders Deficit:

Preference shares, par value shares authorized 
 issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Class A ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; 
 non-redeemable shares issued or outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Class B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; 
 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Class F ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; 
 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Additional paid-in capital

Accumulated deficit

Total shareholders deficit

Total Liabilities, Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption and Shareholders Deficit

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

F-3 

Table of Contents 

CORSAIR PARTNERING CORPORATION

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Year Ended 

 December 31, 2022

For the Period from 

 January 1, 2021 

 (Commencement of Operations) 

 through December 31, 2021

General and administrative expenses

Loss from operations

Other income (expenses):

Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities

Offering costs associated with derivative warrant liabilities

Income from investments held in Trust Account

Net income (loss)

Weighted average number of shares outstanding of Class A ordinary shares, basic and diluted

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, Class A ordinary shares

Weighted average number of shares outstanding of Class B ordinary shares, basic and diluted

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, Class B ordinary shares

Weighted average number of shares outstanding of Class F ordinary shares, basic and diluted

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, Class F ordinary shares

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

F-4 

Table of Contents 

CORSAIR PARTNERING CORPORATION

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 and for the Period from January 1, 2021 (Commencement of Operations) Through December
 31, 2021

Ordinary shares

Additional

Total

Class A

Class B

Class F

Paid-In

Accumulated

Shareholders 

Shares

Amount

Shares

Amount

Shares

Amount

Capital

Deficit

Deficit

Balance - January 1, 2021 

Issuance of Class B ordinary shares to Sponsor

-

-

-

-

Issuance of Class F ordinary shares to Sponsor

-

-

-

-

Excess of cash received over fair value of private placement warrants

-

-

-

Forfeiture of Class F ordinary shares

-

-

-

-

Accretion of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption amount

-

-

-

-

-

Net loss

-

-

-

Balance - December 31, 2021 

Increase in redemption value of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption

-

-

-

-

-

Net income

-

-

-

Balance - December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

F-5 

Table of Contents 

CORSAIR PARTNERING CORPORATION

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Year Ended 

 December 31, 2022

For the Period from 

 January 1, 2021 

 (Commencement of 

 Operations) through 

 December 31, 2021

Cash Flows from Operating Activities:

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities:

General and administrative expenses paid by related party in exchange for issuance of Class B and Class F ordinary shares

Offering costs associated with derivative warrant liabilities

Income on investments from Trust Account

Due to related party

Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities

Changes in operating assets and liabilities:

Prepaid expenses

Accounts payable

Accrued expenses

Net cash used in operating activities

Cash Flows from Investing Activities:

Cash deposited in Trust Account

Net cash used in investing activities

Cash Flows from Financing Activities:

Loan proceeds received from related party

Repayment of loan to related party

Proceeds received from initial public offering, gross

Proceeds received from private placement

Offering costs paid

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities

Net change in cash

Cash - beginning of the year

Cash - end of the year

Supplemental disclosure of noncash financing activities:

Offering costs included in accrued expenses

Offering cost paid by related party under promissory note

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

F-6 

Table of Contents 

CORSAIR PARTNERING CORPORATION

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Founder Shares (as defined in Note 4) in exchange for a capital contribution of
 , or approximately 
 per share and (b) Class B Performance Shares (as defined in Note 4) for a capital contribution of , or approximately per
 share and on January 21, 2021 (x) exchanged Founder Shares on a for one basis for Performance Shares and (y) surrendered 
 Founder Shares. Such Founder Shares and Performance Shares were assigned to the Sponsor on January 28, 2021. On April 30, 2021, the Sponsor surrendered Founder Shares for consideration, such that there were Founder Shares and 
 Performance Shares issued and outstanding (with up to Founder Shares subject to forfeiture depending on the extent to which
 the Underwriters Over-Allotment Option was exercised). On July 15, 2021 the underwriter purchased an additional Units
 pursuant to the partial exercise of the over-allotment option. As a result, the Sponsor subsequently forfeited Class F
 ordinary shares on July 15, 2021 and there are Class F ordinary shares outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021.
 All shares and associated amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect the share exchange and the share surrenders.

units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A ordinary shares included in
 the Units being offered, the Public Shares ), at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of million, and incurring offering costs of approximately million, of which approximately million and approximately was for deferred underwriting commissions (see Note 5) and offering costs allocated to derivate warrant liabilities, respectively. On July 15,
 2021, the underwriters purchased an additional Units (the Option Units pursuant to the partial exercise of the
 over-allotment option. The Option Units were sold at an offering price of per Unit, generating additional gross proceeds to the
 Company of million. The Company incurred additional offering cost of approximately million in connection with the over-allotment, of which approximately 
 million was for deferred underwriting commissions and approximately was offering costs allocated to derivative warrant
 liabilities.

F-7 

Table of Contents 

CORSAIR PARTNERING CORPORATION

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

warrants (each, a Private Placement Warrant and collectively, the Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant to the Sponsor, generating proceeds of million. In connection with the exercise of the over-allotment option on July 15, 2021, the Sponsor purchased an additional Private Placement Warrants at a purchase price of 
 per Private Placement Warrant, generating additional gross proceeds to the Company of (see Note 4).

million per Unit, and including in connection with the underwriters partial exercise of the over-allotment option) of the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the
 Initial Public Offering and of the Private Placement Warrants in the Private Placement were placed in a trust account Trust Account ), located in the United States and will be invested only in United States government securities within the
 meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the
 Investment Company Act which invest only direct U.S. government treasury obligations, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Partnering Transaction and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account as described below.

or more partner candidate businesses having an aggregate fair market value of at least of
 the net assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial Partnering Transaction. However, the Company will only complete a Partnering
 Transaction if the post-transaction company owns or acquires or more of the voting securities of the partner candidate or
 otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the partner candidate sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act.

in dissolution expenses in the event the Company does not complete the Partnering Transaction within the Partnering Period (as defined below), none of the funds held
 in the Trust Account will be released until the earlier of: (i) the completion of the Partnering Transaction; (ii) the redemption of any of the Public Shares by its holders (the Public Shareholders properly tendering Public Shares in
 connection with a shareholder vote to amend certain provisions of the Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association prior to a Partnering Transaction or (iii) the redemption of of the Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Partnering Transaction within the Partnering Period (defined below).

per Public Share. The decision as to whether the Company will seek
 shareholder approval of the Partnering Transaction or will allow shareholders to sell their shares in a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the
 transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require the Company to seek shareholder approval. If the Company seeks shareholder approval, it will complete its Partnering Transaction only if a majority of the outstanding
 ordinary shares voted are voted in favor of the Partnering Transaction. However, in no event will the Company redeem its Public Shares in an amount that would cause its net tangible assets to be less than immediately prior to or upon consummation of the Company s initial Partnering Transaction. In such case, the Company would not proceed with the redemption of its
 Public Shares and the related Partnering Transaction, and instead may search for an alternate Partnering Transaction.

F-8 

Table of Contents 

CORSAIR PARTNERING CORPORATION

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

months (or months if the Company has executed a letter of intent, agreement in principle or definitive agreement for the Partnering
 Transaction within months) from the closing of the Initial Public Offering to complete its initial Partnering Transaction (the
 Partnering Period ). If the Company does not complete a Partnering Transaction within this period of time (and shareholders do not approve an amendment to the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association to extend this date), it
 will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten 
 business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, of , and (iii) as promptly as
 reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to
 provide for claims of creditors and in all cases subject to the other requirements of applicable law.

of its Public Shares if the Company has not consummated a
 Partnering Transaction within the Partnering Period or with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-Partnering Transaction activity and (iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the
 Trust Account with respect to any Founder Shares they hold if the Company fails to complete the Partnering Transaction within 
 months of the Partnering Period (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Public Shares they hold if the Company fails to complete the Partnering Transaction within the Partnering
 Period).

per Public Share and (ii) the actual amount per Public Share
 held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than per Public Share due to
 reductions in the value of the Trust assets, less taxes payable; provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the
 Trust Account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities
 Act (as defined below).

F-9 

Table of Contents 

CORSAIR PARTNERING CORPORATION

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

,000 in its operating bank account and working capital deficit of approximately .

from related parties to cover certain expenses on the Company s behalf in exchange for issuance of Founder Shares and Performance Shares (as
 defined in Note 4), a loan from the Sponsor under the Note (as defined in Note 4) of approximately , and an advance from the
 Sponsor of to be used in case the over-allotment option was exercised in full by the underwriters. The Company repaid the
 Note balance of approximately on July 6, 2021. Subsequent to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, the Company s
 liquidity has been satisfied through the net proceeds from the consummation of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement held outside of the Trust Account. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a
 Partnering Transaction, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide the Company Working Capital Loans (as defined in Note 4). As of December 31, 2022 and
 2021, there were amounts outstanding under any Working Capital Loan.

cash equivalents held as of December 31, 2022 and 2021.

F-10 

Table of Contents 

CORSAIR PARTNERING CORPORATION

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

F-11 

Table of Contents 

CORSAIR PARTNERING CORPORATION

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible
 redemption are presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders deficit section of the Company s balance sheets.

F-12 

Table of Contents 

CORSAIR PARTNERING CORPORATION

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Class A ordinary shares in the calculation of diluted income (loss) per ordinary share, because their exercise is contingent upon
 future events and their inclusion would be anti-dilutive under the treasury stock method. As a result, diluted net income (loss) per ordinary share is the same as basic net income (loss) per share for the year ended December 31, 2022 and
 for the period from January 1, 2021 (commencement of operations) through December 31, 2021. Accretion associated with the redeemable Class A ordinary shares is excluded from earnings per share as the redemption value approximates fair
 value. 

Denominator:

Basic and diluted weighted average ordinary shares outstanding

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per ordinary share

unrecognized tax benefits and 
 amounts accrued for interest and penalties as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position.

Units, at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of million, and incurring offering costs of approximately million, of which approximately million and approximately was for deferred underwriting commissions and offering costs allocated to derivate warrant liabilities, respectively. Of the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, 
 Units with respect to which no underwriting discount is payable were purchased by certain parties. On July 15, 2021, the underwriters purchased an additional Units pursuant to the partial exercise of the over-allotment option. The over-allotment units were sold at an offering price of per Unit, generating additional gross proceeds to the Company of 
 million. The Company incurred additional offering cost of approximately million in connection with the over-allotment, of which
 approximately million was for deferred underwriting commissions.

F-13 

Table of Contents 

CORSAIR PARTNERING CORPORATION

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Class A
 ordinary share, and one-third of one redeemable warrant (each, a Public Warrant ). Each Public Warrant entitles the holder to
 purchase Class A ordinary share at a price of per share, subject to adjustment.

in exchange for 
 Class F ordinary shares (the Founder Shares ), and (b) of in exchange for Class B ordinary shares (the Performance Shares ). On January 21, 2021, such affiliate surrendered Class F ordinary shares and exchanged Class
 F ordinary shares for a corresponding number of Class B ordinary shares by way of repurchase of each Class F ordinary share at par and applying such repurchase consideration for the payment of the Class B ordinary shares. Such Founder Shares
 and Performance Shares were assigned to the Sponsor on January 28, 2021. On April 30, 2021 the Sponsor surrendered Founder
 Shares for consideration. Of the 
 Founder Shares then outstanding, up to of the Founder Shares were subject to forfeiture depending on the extent to which the
 underwriters over-allotment is exercised. The Founder Shares are entitled to (together with the Performance Shares) a number of votes representing 
 of the Company s outstanding ordinary share capital prior to the completion of the Partnering Transaction. On July 15, 2021, the underwriters purchased an additional Units pursuant to the partial exercise of the over-allotment option. As a result, the Sponsor subsequently forfeited Class F ordinary shares such that there are 
 Class F ordinary shares outstanding as of the date hereof.

years following the completion of the Partnering Transaction. In connection with this arrangement, the Sponsor will also agree not to transfer,
 assign or sell any of its Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of: (i) days after the completion of the Partnering
 Transaction and (ii) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share capital exchange or other similar transaction after the Partnering Transaction that results in all of the Company s shareholders having the right to
 exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property; except to certain permitted transferees and under certain circumstances as described herein. Any permitted transferees will be subject to the same restrictions and
 other agreements of the Initial Shareholders with respect to any Founder Shares.

Private Placement Warrants at a price of 
 per Private Placement Warrant to the Sponsor, generating proceeds of million. In connection with the exercise of the
 over-allotment option on July 15, 2021, the Sponsor purchased an additional Private Placement Warrants at a purchase price
 of per Private Placement Warrant, generating additional gross proceeds to the Company of .

whole Class A ordinary share at a price of per share. A portion of the proceeds from the
 Private Placement Warrants was added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Partnering Transaction within the Partnering Period, the Private Placement Warrants will expire
 worthless. The Private Placement Warrants will be non-redeemable and exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees. The Sponsor and the Company s officers and directors agreed, subject to
 limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Private Placement Warrants until days after the completion of
 the initial Partnering Transaction.

pursuant to an unsecured promissory note (the Note ). This loan was payable without interest upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering. As of June 30,
 2021, the Company borrowed approximately under the Note and repaid the Note in full on July 6, 2021. Subsequent to the
 repayment, the facility is no longer available to the Company.

F-14 

Table of Contents 

CORSAIR PARTNERING CORPORATION

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

to be used in case the over-allotment option was exercised in full by the underwriters. On July 15, 2021, in connection with the exercise of the over-allotment
 option, the Sponsor purchased an additional Private Placement Warrants at a purchase price of per Private Placement Warrant generating proceeds of and the remaining advance of was returned to the Sponsor.

million of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post Partnering Transaction
 entity at a price of per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. As of December 31, 2022
 and 2021, the Company had borrowings under the Working Capital Loans.

per month. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from
 January 1, 2021 (commencement of operations) through December 31, 2021, and , respectively, have been incurred. The Company had 
 accrued as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which is included in the due to related party on the accompanying balance sheets.

in receivables from the Sponsor due to overpayment of an expense. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had approximately in due to related party for such expense reimbursement.

units, with each unit consisting of Class A ordinary share and one-third 
 of one warrant to purchase Class A ordinary share at per share, subject to adjustment, at a purchase price of per
 unit, in private placements to occur concurrently, and only in connection with, the closing of our initial Partnering Transaction. The obligations of the investor under the Forward Purchase Agreement will not depend on whether any Class A
 Ordinary Shares are redeemed by our Public Shareholders. The obligations of such investor to purchase the Forward Purchase Securities are subject to the approval, prior to our entering into a definitive agreement for our initial Partnering
 Transaction, of its investment committee and the Forward Purchase Agreement contains customary closing conditions. The Forward Purchase Agreement is not a firm commitment by either party to the agreement. The
 proceeds from the sale of Forward Purchase Securities, if any, may be used as part of the consideration to the sellers in the initial Partnering Transaction, expenses in connection with the initial Partnering Transaction or for working
 capital in the post-transaction company. 

F-15 

Table of Contents 

CORSAIR PARTNERING CORPORATION

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

demands, excluding short form demands, that
 the Company registers such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the completion of the Partnering Transaction. The Company will bear the
 expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements.

days after the closing of the initial Partnering Transaction a registration statement with the SEC for a secondary offering of the Forward Purchase
 Shares and the Forward Purchase Warrants (and underlying Class A ordinary shares), (ii) to cause such registration statement to be declared effective promptly thereafter but in no event later than days after the initial filing, (iii) to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement until the earliest of (A) the date on which the Forward Purchasers or its
 assignees cease to hold the securities covered thereby and (B) the date all of the securities covered thereby can be sold publicly without restriction or limitation under Rule 144 under the Securities Act and (iv) after such registration
 statement is declared effective, cause the Company to conduct firm commitment underwritten offerings, subject to certain limitations. In addition, the Forward Purchase Agreement provides for certain piggy-back registration rights to the holders
 of Forward Purchase Securities to include their securities in other registration statements filed by the Company.

-day

option from the date of the final prospectus relating to the Initial Public Offering to purchase up to additional Units to
 cover over-allotments, if any, at the Initial Public Offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. On July 15, 2021, the underwriters purchased an additional Option Units pursuant to the partial exercise of the over-allotment option. The Option Units were sold at an offering price of per Unit, generating additional gross proceeds to the Company of .

Units
 purchased by certain parties in the Initial Public Offering, the underwriters were entitled to an underwriting discount of per
 unit, or million in the aggregate, paid upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering and exercise of the over-allotment
 option.

per unit, or
 approximately million in the aggregate will be payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions. The deferred
 fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Partnering Transaction, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement.

Class A ordinary shares with a par value of per share. Holders of the Company s Class A ordinary shares are entitled to for each share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were 
 Class A ordinary shares outstanding subject to possible redemption.

Less:

Fair value of Public Warrants at issuance

Offering costs allocated to Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption

Plus:

Accretion on Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption amount

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption at December 31, 2021

Increase in redemption value of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption at December 31, 2022 

F-16 

Table of Contents 

CORSAIR PARTNERING CORPORATION

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

preference shares with a par value of 
 per share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there are preference shares issued or outstanding.

Class A ordinary shares with a par value of per share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were 
 Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding, which were all subject to possible redemption and have been classified as temporary equity (see Note 6).

Class F ordinary shares with a par value of 
 per share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had Class F ordinary shares issued and outstanding, which
 amounts have been adjusted to reflect the share exchange and share surrenders as discussed in Note 4.

-for-one basis, subject to adjustment, for share splits, share dividends, reorganizations,
 recapitalizations and the like, and subject to further adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities are issued or deemed issued in connection with the Partnering Transaction, the
 number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all Founder Shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 
 of the total number of as-converted Class A ordinary shares outstanding after such conversion (including the Forward Purchase Securities), including the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued, or deemed issued or issuable upon
 conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the Partnering Transaction; provided 
 that such conversion of Founder Shares into Class A ordinary shares will never occur on a less than -for-one basis.

Class B ordinary shares with a par value of 
 per share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were Class B ordinary shares and issued and outstanding, which
 amounts have been adjusted to reflect the share exchange as discussed in Note 4.

Class B ordinary shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares conversion shares ), as follows:

for out of 
 consecutive trading days at any time following completion of the Partnering Transaction, the number of conversion shares for any fiscal year will be Class A ordinary shares.

for out of any consecutive
 trading days at any time following completion of the Partnering Transaction, then the number of conversion shares for any fiscal year will be the greater of:

F-17 

Table of Contents 

CORSAIR PARTNERING CORPORATION

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

of the increase in the price of one Class A share, year-over-year but
 in respect of the increase above the relevant price threshold (as defined below), multiplied by the number of Class A ordinary shares outstanding at the close of the Partnering Transaction, excluding those Class A ordinary shares
 received by the Sponsor through the Class F ordinary shares, divided by the annual volume weighted average price of Class A ordinary shares for such fiscal year (the annual VWAP and

Class A ordinary shares.

Performance Shares, the calculation
 described in the immediately preceding bullet will be based on the greater of (i) the annual VWAP for such fiscal year and (ii) the volume-weighted average price of Class A ordinary shares over the last trading days for such fiscal year.

for the first fiscal year following completion of the Partnering Transaction and will thereafter be adjusted at the beginning of each subsequent fiscal year to be equal to the
 greater of (i) the annual VWAP for the immediately preceding fiscal year and (ii) the price threshold for the preceding fiscal year.

or more of the Company s total assets or (G) issue any Class A ordinary shares in excess of of the Company s then outstanding
 Class A ordinary shares or that would otherwise require a shareholder vote pursuant to the rules of the stock exchange on which the Class A ordinary shares are then listed.

Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants
 were issued as of December 31, 2022 and 2021.

fractional warrants will be
 issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. Each whole warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase 
 share of Class A ordinary shares at a price of per share, subject to adjustment, as discussed below, at any time commencing days after the completion of a Partnering Transaction; provided in each case that the Company has an effective registration statement under the
 Securities Act covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available (or the Company permits holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis under the
 circumstances specified in the warrant agreement) and such shares are registered, qualified or exempt from registration under the securities, or blue sky, laws of the state of residence of the holder. The Company has agreed that as soon as
 practicable, but in no event later than fifteen ) business days after the closing of the Partnering Transaction, the Company will
 use its commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement, under the Securities Act, of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants. The Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to
 cause the same to become effective and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement, and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. If
 a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the sixtieth th)

business day after the closing of the Partnering Transaction, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company will have failed to maintain an effective registration
 statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. Notwithstanding the above, if the Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed
 on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their warrants to do
 so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elects, it will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, and in the event the Company does not so
 elect, it will use its commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available.

F-18 

Table of Contents 

CORSAIR PARTNERING CORPORATION

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

after the completion of the Partnering Transaction, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. In addition, if (x) the Company issues additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with
 the Partnering Transaction, including the Forward Purchase Shares, at an issue price or effective issue price of less than per
 share of Class A ordinary shares (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any
 shares held by the Sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of the Partnering Transaction on the date of the consummation of the Partnering Transaction (net of
 redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of the Class A ordinary shares during the trading day period
 starting on the trading day after the day on which the Company consummates the Partnering Transaction (such price, the Market Value is below 
 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market
 Value and the redemption price trigger described below will be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price.

days after the
 completion of a Partnering Transaction, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the Private Placement Warrants will be non-redeemable so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees. If the Private Placement
 Warrants are held by someone other than the Sponsor or its permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants.

per warrant:

days prior written notice of
 redemption, 

per share for any trading days within a trading day period (the trading period ending three business days before the Company sends the notice of redemption, and

trading period and continuing each day thereafter until the date of redemption. 

F-19 

Table of Contents 

CORSAIR PARTNERING CORPORATION

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Liabilities:

Derivative warrant liabilities - Public warrants

Derivative warrant liabilities - Private placement warrants

of cash balance held within the Trust Account 

Liabilities:

Derivative warrant liabilities - Public warrants

Derivative warrant liabilities - Private placement warrants

of cash balance held within the Trust Account 

other transfers between Levels for the period from January 1, 2021 (commencement of
 operations) through December 31, 2022.

million and ), respectively, presented as change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities on the accompanying statements of operations.

Stock price

Volatility

Term (years)

Risk-free rate

Dividend yield

F-20 

Table of Contents 

CORSAIR PARTNERING CORPORATION

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities

Transfer of Private Placement Warrants to Level 2

Derivative warrant liabilities at December 31, 2022

Issuance of Public and Private Warrants

Transfer of Public Warrants to Level 1

Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities

Derivative warrant liabilities at December 31, 2021

F-22 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 brhc10050275_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1

CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a)

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I, D.T. Ignacio Jayanti, certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Corsair Partnering Corporation (the Company 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made,
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4. 
 
 The Company s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and have:

a. 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
 information relating to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

b. 
 
 [Paragraph intentionally omitted in accordance with SEC Release Nos. 34-47986 and 34-54942];

c. 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
 disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

d. 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter (the
 Company s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting; and

5. 
 
 The Company s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Company s
 auditors and the audit committee of the Company s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

a. 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
 adversely affect the Company s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

b. 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal control over financial
 reporting.

Date: March 30, 2023

/s/ D.T. Ignacio Jayanti

D.T. Ignacio Jayanti

Chief Executive Officer

(Principal Executive Officer)

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 brhc10050275_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2

CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a)

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I, Jeremy S. Schein, certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Corsair Partnering Corporation (the Company 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made,
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4. 
 
 The Company s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and have:

a. 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
 information relating to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

b. 
 
 [Paragraph intentionally omitted in accordance with SEC Release Nos. 34-47986 and 34-54942];

c. 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
 disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

d. 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter (the
 Company s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting; and

5. 
 
 The Company s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Company s
 auditors and the audit committee of the Company s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

a. 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
 adversely affect the Company s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

b. 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal control over financial
 reporting.

Date: March 30, 2023

/s/ Jeremy S. Schein

Jeremy S. Schein

Chief Financial Officer

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 brhc10050275_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1

CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I, D.T. Ignacio Jayanti, Chief Executive Officer of Corsair Partnering Corporation (the Company ), certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted
 pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge:

1. 
 
 The Annual Report of the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (the Annual Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

2. 
 
 The information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

Date: March 30, 2023

/s/ D.T. Ignacio Jayanti

D.T. Ignacio Jayanti

Chief Executive Officer

 (Principal Executive Officer)

This certification accompanies the Annual Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by
 such Act, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Such certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities
 Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference.

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to
 the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 brhc10050275_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2

CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I, Jeremy S. Schein, Chief Financial Officer of Corsair Partnering Corporation (the Company ), certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant
 to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge:

1. 
 
 The Annual Report of the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (the Annual Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

2. 
 
 The information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

Date: March 30, 2023

/s/ Jeremy S. Schein

Jeremy S. Schein

Chief Financial Officer

 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)

This certification accompanies the Annual Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by
 such Act, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Such certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities
 Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference.

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to
 the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 cors-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 cors-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 cors-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 cors-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 cors-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

