<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1085243_0001493152-23-010250.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8305176</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>223561</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1302824</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3398887</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1462052</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1689361</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-010250.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331160553
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-010250
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		76
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			VirTra, Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001085243
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS MANUFACTURING INDUSTRIES [3990]
		IRS NUMBER:				931207631
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38420
		FILM NUMBER:		23787555

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		295 E CORPORATE PLACE
		CITY:			CHANDLER
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85225
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4809681488

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		295 E CORPORATE PLACE
		CITY:			CHANDLER
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85225

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	VIRTRA SYSTEMS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20020628

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GAMECOM INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19991103

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-010250.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from _____________ to ______________ 

Commission
file number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 Identification
 No.) 

, , 

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

Capital Market 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject
to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large, accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large, accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large,
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the voting stock and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based upon the closing
sale price of the registrant s common stock on June 30, 2022, was approximately . 

As
of March 30, 2023, the registrant had outstanding shares of common stock. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 Numbers 
 
 PART I 

Item
 1. 
 
 Business 
 
 3 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 
 
 8 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 18 
 
 Item
 2. 
 
 Properties 
 
 18 
 
 Item
 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 18 
 
 Item
 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 18 

PART II 

Item
 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 19 
 
 Item
 6. 
 
 Reserved 
 
 19 
 
 Item
 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 19 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 26 
 
 Item
 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 27 
 
 Item
 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 
 28 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 28 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 
 Other Information 
 
 28 
 
 Item
 9C. 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspection 
 
 28 

PART III 

Item
 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 29 
 
 Item
 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 34 
 
 Item
 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 40 
 
 Item
 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 40 
 
 Item
 14. 
 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 41 
 
 . 

PART IV 

Item
 15. 
 
 Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 42 
 
 Item
 16. 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 43 

Signatures 
 
 44 

2 

PART
I 

Forward-Looking
Statements 

The
information in this discussion contains forward-looking statements and information within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act ), which are subject to the safe harbor created by those sections. The words anticipates, believes, 
 estimates, expects, intends, may, plans, projects, 
 will, should, could, predicts, potential, continue, 
 would and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements
contain these identifying words. We may not actually achieve the plans, intentions or expectations disclosed in our forward-looking statements
and you should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Actual results or events could differ materially from the
plans, intentions and expectations disclosed in the forward-looking statements that we make. The forward-looking statements are applicable
only as of the date on which they are made, and we do not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking
statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are made based on our current expectations, forecasts, estimates and assumptions, and involve
risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause results or events to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking
statements. In evaluating these statements, you should specifically consider various factors, uncertainties and risks that could affect
our future results or operations. These factors, uncertainties and risks may cause our actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking
statement set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. You should carefully consider these risk and uncertainties described and other
information contained in the reports we file with or furnish to the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC before
making any investment decision with respect to our securities. All forward-looking statements attributable to us or people acting on
our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement. 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS. 

Our
Corporate History 

We
are a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Nevada. The original business started in 1993 as Ferris Productions,
Inc. In September 2001, Ferris Productions, Inc. merged with GameCom, Inc. to ultimately become VirTra Systems, Inc., a Texas corporation. 

Effective
as of October 1, 2016, we completed a conversion from a Texas corporation to a Nevada corporation pursuant to a Redomestication Plan
of Conversion (the Plan of Conversion that was approved by our Board of Directors on June 23, 2016, and by our stockholders
on September 16, 2016. 

As
part of the Plan of Conversion, we filed Articles of Incorporation in Nevada whereby we changed our name from VirTra Systems, Inc. to
VirTra, Inc. and revised our capitalization. Our Articles of Incorporation filed in Nevada authorize us to issue 62,500,000 shares, of
which (1) 60,000,000 shares shall be common stock, par value 0.0001 per share (the Common Stock ), of which (a) 50,000,000
shares shall be Common Stock, (b) 2,500,000 shares shall be Class A Common Stock, par value 0.0001 per share (the Class A Common
Stock ), and (c) 7,500,000 shares shall be Class B Common Stock, par value 0.0001 per share (the Class B Common Stock and (2) 2,500,000 shares shall be Preferred Stock, par value 0.0001 per share, which may, at the sole discretion of the Board of Directors,
be issued in one or more series (the Preferred Stock ). We also adopted new bylaws as part of the Plan of Conversion. 

Effective
March 2, 2018, we effected a 1-for-2 reverse stock split of our issued and outstanding Common Stock (the Reverse Stock Split ).
All references to shares of our Common Stock in this Annual Report on Form 10-K refer to the number of shares of Common Stock after giving
effect to the Reverse Stock Split and are presented as if the Reverse Stock Split had occurred at the beginning of the earliest period
presented. 

3 

Business
Overview 

VirTra,
Inc. (the Company, VirTra, we, us and our ), located in Chandler,
Arizona, is a global provider of judgmental use of force training simulators and firearms training simulators for the law enforcement,
military, and commercial markets. The Company s patented technologies, software, and scenarios provide intense training
for de-escalation, judgmental use-of-force, marksmanship and related training that mimics real-world situations. VirTra s mission
is to save and improve lives worldwide through highly effective virtual reality and simulator technology. 

The
VirTra firearms training simulator allows marksmanship and realistic scenario-based training to take place on a daily basis without the
need for a shooting range, protective equipment, role players, safety officers, or a scenario-based training site. We have developed
a higher standard in simulation training including capabilities such as: multi-screen, video-based scenarios, unique scenario authoring
ability, superior training scenarios, the patented Threat-Fire shoot-back system, powerful gas-powered simulated recoil weapons,
and more. The simulator also allows students to receive immediate feedback from the instructor without the potential for sustaining injuries
by the instructor or the students. The instructor is able to teach and re-mediate critical issues, while placing realistic stress on
the students due to the realism and safe training environment created by the VirTra simulator. 

Business
Strategy 

We
have two main customer groups, namely, law enforcement, and military. These are different markets and require different sales and marketing
programs as well as personnel. Our focus is to expand the market share and scope of our training simulators sales to these identified
customer groups by pursuing the following key growth strategies: 

Build
 Our Core Business . Our goal is to profitably grow our market share by continuing to develop, produce and market the most
 effective simulators possible. Through disciplined growth in our business, we have achieved a solid balance sheet by increasing our
 working capital and limiting our bank debt. We plan to add staff to our experienced management team as needed to meet the expected
 increase in demand for our products and services as we increase our marketing and sales activities. 

Increase
 Total Addressable Market . We plan to increase the size of our total addressable market. This effort will focus on new marketing
 and new product and/or service offerings for the purpose of widening the number of types of customers who might consider our products
 or services uniquely compelling. 

Broaden
 Product Offerings . Since its formation in 1993, our company has had a proud tradition of innovation in the field of simulation
 and virtual reality. We plan to release revolutionary new products and services, as well as to continue incremental improvements
 to existing product lines. In some cases, the Company may enter a new market segment via the introduction of a new type of product
 or service. 

Partners
 and Acquisitions. We try to spend our time and funds wisely and not tackle tasks that can be done more efficiently with partners.
 For example, international distribution is often best accomplished through a local distributor or agent. We are also open to the
 potential of acquiring additional businesses or of being acquired ourselves, based on what is expected to be optimal for our long-term
 future and our stockholders. 

Product
Offerings 

Our
simulator products include the following: 

V-300 
 Simulator a 300 wrap-around screen with video capability is the higher standard for simulation training 

The
 V-300 is the higher standard for decision-making simulation and tactical firearms training. Five screens and a 300-degree
 immersive training environment ensures that time in the simulator translates into real world survival skills. The system reconfigures
 to support 15 individual firing lanes. 

A
 key feature of the V-300 shows how quickly judgment decisions must be made, and, sometimes, if they are not made immediately
 and accurately it can lead to the possible loss of lives. This feature, among others, supports our value proposition to our customers
 is that best practice is being prepared enough for the surprises that could be around every corner and the ability to safely neutralize
 any life-threatening encounters. 

4 

V-180 
 Simulator a 180 screen with video capability is for smaller spaces or smaller budgets 

The
 V-180 is the higher standard for decision-making simulation and tactical firearms training. Three screens and a 180-degree
 immersive training environment ensure that time in the simulator translates into real world survival skills. 

V-100 
 Simulator V-100 MIL a single-screen based simulator systems 

The
 V-100 is the higher standard among single-screen firearms training simulators. Firearms training mode supports up to 4 individual
 firing lanes at one time. The optional Threat-Fire device safely simulates enemy return fire with an electric impulse (or
 vibration version), reinforcing performance under pressure. We offer an upgrade path, so a V-100 firearms training and force
 options simulator can affordably grow into an advanced multi-screen trainer in upgraded products that we offer customers for future
 purchase. 

The
 V-100 MIL is sold to various military commands throughout the world and can support any local language. The system is extremely
 compact and can even share space with a standard classroom or fits into almost any existing facility. If a portable firearms simulator
 is needed, this model offers the most compact single-screen simulator on the market today everything organized into one standard
 case. The V-100 MIL is the higher standard among single-screen small arms training simulators. Military Engagement Skills
 mode supplies realistic scenario training taken from real world events. 

The
 V-ST PRO a highly realistic single screen firearms shooting and skills training simulator with the ability to scale to multiple
 screens creating superior training environments. The system s flexibility supports a combination of marksmanship and use of
 force training on up to 5 screens from a single operator station. The V-ST PRO is also capable of displaying 1 to 30 lanes
 of marksmanship featuring real world, accurate ballistics. 

Virtual
 Interactive Coursework Training Academy (V-VICTA) enables law enforcement agencies, to effectively teach, train, test and
 sustain departmental training requirements through nationally accredited coursework and training scenarios using our simulators. 

Subscription
 Training Equipment Partnership (STEP) is a program that allows agencies to utilize VirTra s simulator products, accessories,
 and V-VICTA interactive coursework on a subscription basis. 

V-Author 
 Software allows users to create, edit, and train with content specific to agency s objectives and environments. V-Author 
 is an easy-to-use application capable of almost unlimited custom scenarios, skill drills, targeting exercises and firearms courseware
 proven to be highly effective for users of VirTra simulation products. 

Simulated
 Recoil Kits - a wide range of highly realistic and reliable simulated recoil kits/weapons. These drop-in conversion kits fit into
 real weapons but safely simulate the most powerful recoil on the market and even lock-back when out-of-ammunition or simulating a
 dud. True-Fire is a patented solution that uniquely empowers VirTra customers with such reliable and accurate firing events
 so they can perform simulator-based weapon qualification and courses of fire (COF). During 2022, VirTra s engineering team
 further enhanced True-Fire technology with new patent pending features. In addition, VirTra has formulated the unique ArmorGen(TM)
 coating to certain recoil kit parts to increase durability and reduce maintenance requirements beyond any other coating we have tested. 

Return
 Fire Device the patented Threat-Fire device which applies real-world stress on the trainees during simulation training. 

VirTra
 has installed a volumetric video capture studio in order to create training scenarios that could work in either screen-based simulators
 or in headset-based simulators. Volumetric video realism far exceeds that of computer-generated avatars which likely gives VirTra
 a strategic advantage for highly desired de-escalation training, especially when simulating human interaction is required. 

TASER ,
 OC spray and low-light training devices that interact with VirTra s simulators for training. 

5 

Operations
and Suppliers 

We
produce some of our own products. We also rely on a variety of suppliers. Management is uncertain whether we might encounter future delays
with suppliers that would have a material impact on us. 

Competition
and Competitive Landscape 

We
compete against a number of established companies that provide similar products and services, some of which have financial, technical,
marketing, sales, manufacturing, distribution and other resources significantly greater than ours. There are also companies whose products
do not compete directly but are sometimes closely related to the products we offer. Axon, Laser Shot, Inc., InVeris, MILO, and Ti Training
Corp are our main competitors in some or all our markets. 

We
believe that our products and services are superior to those offered by our competitors based on our association with industry experts,
the strength in developing a more effective training solution ecosystem, our patented products and our extensive library of training
content that would require time and a substantial investment by a competitor to offer a comparable product. 

VirTra
buys and tests new headsets on a regular basis and has made some software and content preparations to add a headset-based product to
our offerings. VirTra recoil kits, return fire devices and other accessories would likely also work with a headset-based product. 

Intellectual
Property 

We
own or have rights to trademarks or trade names that we use in connection with the operation of our business, including our corporate
names, logos and website names. In addition, we own or have the rights to copyrights, trade secrets and other proprietary rights that
protect the content of our products and the formulations for such products. This Annual Report on Form 10-K may also contain trademarks,
service marks and trade names of other companies, which are the property of their respective owners. Our use or display of third parties 
trademarks, service marks, trade names or products in this Annual Report on Form 10-K is not intended to, and should not be read to,
imply a relationship with or endorsement or sponsorship of us. Solely for convenience, some of the copyrights, trade names and trademarks
referred to in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are listed without their , and symbols, but we will assert, to the
fullest extent under applicable law, our rights to our copyrights, trade names and trademarks. All other trademarks are the property
of their respective owners. 

We
rely on certain proprietary technology and seek to protect our interests through a combination of patents, trademarks, copyrights, know-how,
trade secrets and security measures, including confidentiality agreements. Our policy generally is to secure protection for significant
innovations to the fullest extent practicable. Further, we seek to expand and improve the technological base and individual features
of our products through ongoing research and development programs. 

Our
patent portfolio includes seven issued U.S. patents, which expire between 2025 and 2037. In 2019, VirTra completed an Asset Purchase
Agreement with Tiberius Technology, LLC, that included purchase of a patent and two pending patents, all patent ownership was transferred
effective March 13, 2019, and the two pending patents were issued as patents. In 2022, we submitted patent applications that will remain
confidential until awarded or will remain confidential if not awarded or abandoned. 

6 

We
own the trademarks for VirTra, VirTra Systems , Threat-Fire , ArmorGen and many
other branding trademarks. These trademarks are registered in the United States. We consider the protection of our trademarks to be important
to our business. 

We
also have copyright protection for our intellectual property produced for use in our products. 

We
rely on the laws of unfair competition and trade secrets to protect our proprietary rights. We attempt to protect our trade secrets and
other proprietary information through confidentiality and non-disclosure agreements with customers, suppliers, employees and consultants,
and through other security measures. However, we may be unable to detect the unauthorized use of or take appropriate steps to enforce
our intellectual property rights. Effective trade secret protection may not be available in every country in which we offer or intend
to offer our products and services to the same extent as in the United States. Failure to adequately protect our intellectual property
could harm or even destroy our brands and impair our ability to compete effectively. Further, enforcing our intellectual property rights
could result in the expenditure of significant financial and managerial resources and may not prove successful. Although we intend to
protect our rights vigorously, there can be no assurance that these measures will be successful. 

Research
and Development 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, our research and product development expenses were 2,606,840 and 1,865,880,
respectively. 

Sources
and Availability of Raw Materials/Manufacturing and Assembly 

We
obtain the key components of our products from a variety of sources that we purchase on a purchase order basis from local suppliers at
market prices based on our production requirements. We believe alternative sources generally exist for the components used in our products. 

Our
manufacturing, assembly, warehouse and shipping facilities are located in Chandler, Arizona. See Business Property. 

Employees 

As
of March 10, 2023, we employed 121 full-time employees. We maintain a satisfactory working relationship with our employees 

Operations 

Our
operations are conducted from our principal executive office in Chandler, Arizona. In 2022 we opened a facility in Orlando Fl to support
east coast operations. We do not currently have any employees internationally; however, our U.S.-based sales force works to secure contracts
to supply our products in U.S. and foreign markets. As of December 31, 2022, we have performed sales contracts and warranty service obligations
in the U.S. and various foreign countries. When our products are introduced into an international market, it is either pursuant to a
contract directly with a customer located in the foreign country, or pursuant to a contract between our company and a U.S. government
agency (such as the U.S. Department of State). In the latter instance, our customer is the relevant U.S. government agency. The government
agency may then distribute our products to third parties within the particular country. 

Regulatory
Matters 

Our
business is regulated in most of our markets. We deal with numerous U.S. government agencies and entities, including, but not limited
to, branches of the U.S. military and the Department of Homeland Security. Similar government authorities exist in our international
markets. 

We
are also subject to export laws and regulations. These laws include, among others, the U.S. Export Administration Regulations, administered
by the U.S. Department of Commerce, Bureau of Industry and Security, the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (the ITAR ),
administered by the U.S. Department of State, Directorate of Defense Trade Controls, and trade sanctions, regulations and embargoes administered
by the U.S. Department of Treasury, Office of Foreign Assets Control. Among its many provisions, the ITAR requires a license application
for the export of firearms and congressional approval for any application with a total value of 1 million or higher. 

7 

Any
failures to comply with these laws and regulations could result in civil or criminal penalties, fines, investigations, adverse publicity
and restrictions on our ability to export our products and repeat failures could carry more significant penalties. Any changes in export
regulations may further restrict the export of our products. The length of time required by the licensing processes can vary, potentially
delaying the shipment of products and the recognition of the corresponding revenue. Any restrictions on the export of our products could
have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, results of operations, cash flows, or financial condition. 

For
additional information related to export regulations, see Item 1A, Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business. 

Government
Contracts 

The
U.S. government, and other governments, may terminate any of our government contracts at their convenience, as well as for default, based
on our failure to meet specified performance requirements. If any of our U.S. government contracts were to be terminated for convenience,
we generally would be entitled to receive payment for work completed and allowable termination or cancellation costs. If any of our government
contracts were to be terminated for default, generally the U.S. government would pay only for the work that has been accepted and can
require us to pay the difference between the original contract price and the cost to re-procure the contract items, net of the work accepted
from the original contract. The U.S. government can also hold us liable for damages resulting from the default. For additional information
related to government contracts, see Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business. 

Environmental 

We
are subject to various federal, state, local and non-U.S. laws and regulations relating to environmental protection, including the discharge,
treatment, storage, disposal and remediation of hazardous substances and wastes. We continually assess our compliance status and management
of environmental matters to ensure our operations are in substantial compliance with all applicable environmental laws and regulations.
Investigation, remediation, operation and maintenance costs associated with environmental compliance and management of sites are a normal,
recurring part of our operations. These costs often are allowable costs under our contracts with the U.S. government. It is reasonably
possible that continued environmental compliance could have a material impact on our results of operations, financial condition or cash
flows if additional work requirements or more stringent clean-up standards are imposed by regulators, new areas of soil and groundwater
contamination are discovered and/or expansions of work scope are prompted by the results of investigations. 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

In
addition to the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we have identified the following risks and uncertainties
that may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. You should carefully consider
the risks described below before making an investment decision. 

Risks
Related to Our Business 

We
depend on government contracts for substantially all of our revenues and the loss of government contracts or a delay or decline in funding
of existing or future government contracts could decrease our backlog or adversely affect our sales and cash flows and our ability to
fund our growth. 

Our
revenues from contracts, directly or indirectly, with foreign and U.S. Federal, state, regional and local governmental agencies represented
substantially all of our total revenues in fiscal year 2022. Although these various government agencies are subject to common budgetary
pressures and other factors, many of our various government customers exercise independent purchasing decisions. As a result of the concentration
of business with governmental agencies, we are vulnerable to adverse changes in our revenues, income and cash flows if a significant
number of our government contracts, subcontracts or prospects are delayed or canceled for budgetary or other reasons. 

8 

The
factors that could cause us to lose these contracts and could decrease our backlog or otherwise materially harm our business, prospects,
financial condition or results of operations include: 

budget
 constraints affecting government spending generally, or specific departments or agencies such as U.S. or foreign defense and transit
 agencies and regional transit agencies, and changes in fiscal policies or a reduction of available funding; 

re-allocation
 of government resources as the result of actual or threatened terrorism or hostile activities or for other reasons; 

disruptions
 in our customers ability to access funding from capital markets; 

curtailment
 of governments use of outsourced service providers and governments in-sourcing of certain services; 

the
 adoption of new laws or regulations pertaining to government procurement; 

government
 appropriations delays or blanket reductions in departmental budgets; 

suspension
 or prohibition from contracting with the government or any significant agency with which we conduct business; 

increased
 use of shorter duration awards, which increases the frequency we may need to recompete for work; 

impairment
 of our reputation or relationships with any significant government agency with which we conduct business; 

decreased
 use of small business set asides or changes to the definition of small business by government agencies; 

increased
 use of lowest-priced, technically acceptable contract award criteria by government agencies; 

increased
 aggressiveness by the government in seeking rights in technical data, computer software, and computer software documentation that
 we deliver under a contract, which may result in leveling the playing field for competitors on follow-on procurements; 

impairment
 of our ability to provide third-party guarantees and letters of credit; 

delays
 in the payment of our invoices by government payment offices; and 

national
 or international health emergencies, such as the COVID-19 public health pandemic. 

Government
spending priorities and terms may change in a manner adverse to our businesses. 

A
significant percentage of our revenue comes from domestic or foreign police and military forces. If these government entities must cut
their budgets, it is possible that we will lose this source of revenue, which could materially adversely affect our business, prospects,
financial condition or results of operations. We are working on diversifying our business so that we are not as dependent, but there
is no assurance that we will be successful at doing so. 

9 

Intense
competition could negatively impact on our sales and operating results. 

Our
products are sold in highly competitive markets with limited barriers to entry. We compete against a number of established companies
that provide similar products and services, some of which have financial, technical, marketing, sales, manufacturing, distribution and
other resources significantly greater than ours. There are also companies whose products do not compete directly but are sometimes closely
related to the products we offer (see Competition and Competitive Landscape Discussion in Item 1 above). 

We
believe that our products and services are superior to those offered by our competitors based on our strength in developing higher quality
software solutions, our patented accessories and our extensive library of training scenario content that would require a substantial
investment of money and time by a competitor to offer a comparable product. The introduction by competitors of lower-priced or more innovative
products could, however, result in a significant decline in our revenues and have a material adverse effect on our operating results,
financial position and cash flow. 

If
we are unable to anticipate customer preferences or to effectively identify, market and sell future products, our future revenues and
operating results could be adversely affected. 

Our
future success depends on our ability to effectively identify, market and sell new products that respond to new and evolving customer
preferences. Accordingly, our revenues and operating results may be adversely affected if we are unable to identify or acquire rights
to new products that satisfy customer preferences. In addition, any new products that we market may not generate sufficient revenues
to recoup their identification, development, acquisition, marketing, selling and other costs. 

Decline
in federal, state, or local government spending would likely negatively affect our product revenues and earnings. 

The
success of each of the products we plan to sell depends substantially on the amount of funds budgeted by federal, state and local government
agencies that make up our current and potential customers. Global credit and financial markets have experienced extreme disruptions in
the recent past, including severely diminished liquidity and credit availability, declines in consumer confidence, declines in economic
growth, increases in unemployment rates and uncertainty about economic stability. There can be no assurance that similar disruptions
will not occur in the future. Deterioration in general economic conditions may result in lower tax revenues that could lead to reductions
in government spending, especially spending for discretionary simulation training products such as ours. Poor economic conditions could
in turn lead to substantial decreases in our net sales or have a material adverse effect on our operating results, financial position
and cash flows. 

We
may not be able to receive or retain the necessary licenses or authorizations required for us to export or re-export our products, technical
data or services, or to transfer technology from foreign sources and to work collaboratively with them. Denials of such licenses and
authorizations could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

U.S.
regulations concerning export controls require us to screen potential customers, destinations, and technology to ensure that sensitive
equipment, technology and services are not exported in violation of U.S. policy or diverted to improper uses or users. For us to export
certain products, technical data or services, we are required to obtain licenses from the U.S. government, often on a transaction-by-transaction
basis. These licenses are generally required for the export of the military versions of our products and technical data and for defense
services. We cannot be sure of our ability to obtain the U.S. government licenses or other approvals required to export our products,
technical data and services for sales to foreign governments, foreign commercial customers or foreign destinations. 

In
addition, for us to obtain certain technical know-how from foreign vendors and to collaborate on improvements on such technology with
foreign vendors, we may need to obtain U.S. government approval for such collaboration through manufacturing license or technical assistance
agreements approved by U.S. government export control agencies. The U.S. government has the right, without notice, to revoke or suspend
export licenses and authorizations for reasons of foreign policy, issues over which we have no control. Failure to receive the required
licenses or authorizations would hinder our ability to export our products, data and services and to use some advanced technology from
foreign sources. This could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

10 

Our
failure to comply with export control rules could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Our
failure to comply with the export control rules described above could expose us to significant criminal or civil enforcement action by
the U.S. government, and a conviction could result in denial of export privileges, as well as contractual suspension or debarment under
U.S. government contracts, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial
condition. 

Failure
to comply with the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act could subject us to penalties and other adverse consequences. 

We
are subject to the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, which generally prohibits United States companies from engaging in bribery
or other prohibited payments to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Corruption, extortion, bribery,
pay-offs, theft and other fraudulent practices occur from time to time in the foreign countries where we sell our products and services.
We can make no assurance, however, that our employees or other agents will not engage in such conduct for which we might be held responsible.
If our employees or other agents are found to have engaged in such practices, we could suffer severe penalties and other consequences
that may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We
may face competition from providers of comparable products. Increased competition in those product categories could negatively affect
our future revenues and operating results. 

Since
we will not be the only seller and since we have a limited number of patents, the introduction of comparable products designed to compete
with our products may increase in the future. With so much focus on homeland security and terrorism, it is possible that more companies
will enter our business and sell new and/or innovative training tools. One area of particular concern is new virtual reality (VR) hardware
and software. If other companies are able to create new training tools that are more realistic or effective, we may not be able to compete
effectively. Introduction by competitors of comparable products, a maturing product lifecycle or other factors could result in a decline
in our revenues derived from these products. A significant decline in our sales of these products, without offsetting sales gains, would
have a material adverse effect on our operating results, financial position and cash flows. 

We
operate in a highly competitive market and the size and resources of some of our competitors may allow them to compete more effectively
than we can, resulting in a loss of our market share and a decrease in our revenues and gross profit. 

The
markets for law enforcement and military simulation training are highly competitive and include many new competitors as well as increased
competition from established companies expanding their production and marketing of products. Despite owning patents, trademarks and copyrights,
our current and future competitors could manufacture and sell products with performance characteristics and functionality like the products
we sell and that we plan to sell. Some of our competitors are large companies with strong worldwide brand recognition that have significantly
greater financial, distribution, marketing and other resources than we do (see Competition and Competitive Landscape section above).
Some of our competitors have significant competitive advantages, including longer operating histories, larger sales forces, bigger advertising
budgets, better brand recognition, greater economies of scale and long-term relationships with key military customers that are potentially
highly valuable because of the significant volume that our competitors sell to them. 

As
a result, these competitors may be better equipped than we are to influence customer preferences or otherwise increase their market share
by: 

quickly
 adapting to changes in customer requirements; 

readily
 taking advantage of acquisition and other opportunities; 

discounting
 excess inventory that has been written down or written off; 

devoting
 resources to the marketing and sale of their products, including significant advertising, media placement and product endorsement; 

adopting
 aggressive pricing policies; and 

engaging
 in lengthy and costly intellectual property and other disputes. 

11 

Disruptions
could negatively impact revenue and results of operation. 

Our
ability to manufacture and/or sell our products may be impaired by damage or disruption to our manufacturing, warehousing or distribution
capabilities, or to the capabilities of our suppliers, contract manufacturers, logistics service providers or independent distributors.
This damage or disruption could result from execution issues, as well as factors that are hard to predict or are beyond our control,
such as product or raw material scarcity, adverse weather conditions, natural disasters, fire, terrorism, pandemics, strikes, cybersecurity
breaches, government shutdowns, disruptions in logistics, supplier capacity constraints or other events. Failure to take adequate steps
to mitigate the likelihood or potential impact of such events, or to effectively manage such events if they occur, may adversely affect
our business or financial results, particularly in circumstances when a product is sourced from a single supplier or location. Disputes
with significant suppliers, contract manufacturers, logistics service providers or independent distributors, including disputes regarding
pricing or performance, may also adversely affect our ability to manufacture and/or sell our products, as well as our business or financial
results. We are actively monitoring the economic instability and its potential impact on our supply chain and operations. Although our
products are manufactured in North America and we source the significant majority of our ingredients and raw materials from North America,
due to current and potential future port closures and other restrictions resulting from the outbreak, global supply may become constrained,
which may cause the price of certain ingredients and raw materials used in our products to increase and/or we may experience disruptions
to our operations. While we do not expect that the virus will have a material adverse effect on our business or financial results at
this time, we are unable to accurately predict the impact that the coronavirus will have due to various uncertainties, including the
ultimate geographic spread of the virus, the severity of the disease, the duration of the outbreak, and actions that may be taken by
governmental authorities. 

Some
of the components of our products pose potential safety risks which could create potential liability exposure for us. 

Some
of the components of our products contain elements that may pose potential safety risks. In addition to these risks, there can be no
assurance that accidents in the facilities that use our products will not occur. Any accident, whether occasioned using all or any part
of our products or technology or by our customers operations, could adversely affect commercial acceptance of our products and
could result in claims for damages resulting from injuries or death. Any of these occurrences would materially adversely affect our operations
and financial condition. If our products fail to perform as specified, users of these products may assert claims for substantial amounts.
These claims could have a materially adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. There is no assurance that
the amount of the general product liability insurance that we maintain will be sufficient to cover potential claims or that the present
amount of insurance can be maintained at the present level of cost, or at all. 

Assertions
by third parties of infringement or other violation by us of their intellectual property rights could result in significant costs and
substantially harm our business and operating results. 

Companies
engaged in the sales of products are frequently subject to litigation based on allegations of infringement, misappropriation or other
violations of intellectual property rights. Some companies, including some of our competitors, own large numbers of patents, copyrights,
trademarks and trade secrets, which they may use to assert claims against us. Third parties may in the future assert that we have infringed,
misappropriated or otherwise violated their intellectual property rights. Existing laws and regulations are evolving and subject to different
interpretations, and various federal and state legislative or regulatory bodies may expand current or enact new laws or regulations.
We cannot guarantee you that we are not infringing or violating any third-party intellectual property rights. 

We
cannot predict whether assertions of third-party intellectual property rights or any infringement or misappropriation claims arising
from such assertions will substantially harm our business and operating results. If we are forced to defend against any infringement
or misappropriation claims, we may be required to expend significant time and financial resources on the defense of such claims, even
if without merit, settled out of court, or determined in our favor. Furthermore, an adverse outcome of a dispute may require us to: pay
damages, potentially including treble damages and attorneys fees, if we are found to have willfully infringed a party s
intellectual property; cease making, licensing or using products or services that are alleged to infringe or misappropriate the intellectual
property of others; expend additional development resources to redesign our products; enter into potentially unfavorable royalty or license
agreements in order to obtain the right to use necessary technologies or materials; or to indemnify our partners and other third parties.
Royalty or licensing agreements, if required or desirable, may be unavailable on terms acceptable to us, or at all, and may require significant
royalty payments and other expenditures. In addition, we do not carry broadly applicable patent liability insurance and any lawsuits
regarding patent rights, regardless of their success, could be expensive to resolve and would divert the time and attention of our management
and technical personnel. 

12 

Our
business is dependent on proprietary rights that may be difficult to protect and could affect our ability to compete effectively. 

Our
ability to compete effectively will depend on our ability to maintain the proprietary nature of our technology and content through a
combination of patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret protection, non-disclosure agreements and licensing arrangements. 

Litigation,
or participation in administrative proceedings, may be necessary to protect our proprietary rights. This type of litigation can be costly
and time consuming and could divert company resources and management attention to defend our rights, and this could harm us even if we
were to be successful in the litigation and there is no guarantee we would be successful in such litigation. In the absence of patent
protection, and despite our reliance upon our proprietary confidential information, our competitors may be able to use innovations like
those used by us to design and manufacture products directly competitive with our products. In addition, no assurance can be given that
others will not obtain patents that we will need to license or design around. To the extent any of our products are covered by third-party
patents, we could need to acquire a license under such patents to develop and market our products. 

Despite
our efforts to safeguard and maintain our proprietary rights, we may not be successful in doing so. In addition, competition is intense,
and there can be no assurance that our competitors will not independently develop or patent technologies that are substantially equivalent
or superior to our technology. In the event of patent litigation, we cannot assure you that a court would determine that we were the
first creator of inventions covered by our issued patents or pending patent applications or that we were the first to file patent applications
for those inventions. If existing or future third-party patents containing broad claims were upheld by the courts or if we were found
to infringe third-party patents, we may not be able to obtain the required licenses from the holders of such patents on acceptable terms,
if at all. Failure to obtain these licenses could cause delays in the introduction of our products or necessitate costly attempts to
design such patents, or could foreclose the development, manufacture or sale of our products. We could also incur substantial costs in
defending ourselves in patent infringement suits brought by others and in prosecuting patent infringement suits against infringers. 

We
also rely on trade secrets and proprietary know-how that we seek to protect, in part, through non-disclosure and confidentiality agreements
with our customers, employees, consultants, and entities with which we maintain strategic relationships. We cannot assure you that these
agreements will not be breached, that we will have adequate remedies for any breach or that our trade secrets will not otherwise become
known or be independently developed by competitors. 

We
depend on our executive officers, the loss of whom could materially harm our business. 

We
rely upon the accumulated knowledge, skills and experience of our executive officers and significant employees. Our Co-Chief Executive
Officer, President and Chairman of the Board, Robert Ferris, built our business from inception and, along with other members of the management
team, are responsible for many of the products and clients that we have today. Our Co-Chief Executive Officer, John Givens, has unique
expertise and long-standing relationships in the military simulation market that could have a material impact on our company s
future. If they were to leave us or become incapacitated, we might suffer in our planning and execution of business strategy and operations,
impacting our financial results. We also do not maintain any key man life insurance policies for any of our employees. 

13 

If
we are unable to implement and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting in the future, investors may lose confidence
in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports and the market price of our Common Stock may decline. 

As
a public company, we are required to maintain internal control over financial reporting and to report any material weaknesses in such
internal control. Further, we are required to report any changes in internal controls on a quarterly basis. In addition, we are required
to furnish a report by management on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, as amended (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act ). 

We
will design, implement, and test the internal controls over financial reporting required to comply with these obligations. If we identify
material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, if we are unable to comply with the requirements of Section 404
in a timely manner or assert that our internal control over financial reporting is ineffective, investors may lose confidence in the
accuracy and completeness of our financial reports and the market price of the Common Stock could be negatively affected. We also could
become subject to investigations by the stock exchange on which the securities are listed, the SEC, or other regulatory authorities,
which could require additional financial and management resources. 

As
an emerging growth company under the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act ), we are permitted
to rely on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements. 

We
qualify as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. As a result, we are permitted to, and intend to, rely on exemptions
from certain disclosure requirements. For so long as we are an emerging growth company, we will not be required to: 

have
 an auditor report on our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; 

comply
 with any requirement that may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding mandatory audit firm rotation
 or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements (i.e.,
 an auditor discussion and analysis); 

submit
 certain executive compensation matters to stockholder advisory votes, such as say-on-pay and say-on-frequency 
 and 

disclose
 certain executive compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons
 of the chief executive officer s compensation to median employee compensation. 

In
addition, Section 102 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period
provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. The company has implemented new standards such as the lease and revenue
standards without using the extended option. Our financial statements may therefore not be comparable to those of companies
that comply with such new or revised accounting standards. 

We
will remain an emerging growth company for up to five years, or until the earliest of (i) the last day of the first fiscal
year in which our total annual gross revenues exceed 1 billion, (ii) the date that we become a large accelerated filer 
as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act, which would occur if the market value of our ordinary shares that is held by non-affiliates
exceeds 700 million as of the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter or (iii) the date on which we have
issued more than 1 billion in non-convertible debt during the preceding three year period. 

Until
such a time, however, we cannot predict if investors will find our Common Stock less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions.
If some investors find our Common Stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our Common Stock and
the price of our securities may be more volatile. 

14 

As
an emerging growth company, our auditor is not required to attest to the effectiveness of our internal controls. 

Our
independent registered public accounting firm is not required to attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting
while we are an emerging growth company or a smaller reporting company as defined under rules promulgated by the SEC. This means that
the effectiveness of our financial reporting may differ from our peer companies in that they may be required to obtain independent registered
public accounting firm attestations as to the effectiveness of their internal controls over financial reporting and we are not. While
our management is required to attest to internal control over financial reporting and we will be required to detail changes to our internal
controls on a quarterly basis, we cannot provide assurance that the independent registered public accounting firm s review process
in assessing the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting, if obtained, would not find one or more material weaknesses
or significant deficiencies. Further, once we cease to be an emerging growth company and no longer qualify as a smaller reporting company,
we will be subject to independent registered public accounting firm attestation regarding the effectiveness of our internal controls
over financial reporting. Even if management finds such controls to be effective, our independent registered public accounting firm may
decline to attest to the effectiveness of such internal controls and issue a qualified report. 

We
do incur significantly increased costs because of operating as a public company, and our management is required to devote substantial
time to new compliance initiatives. 

As
a public company with an obligation to file reports with the SEC under the Exchange Act, we do incur significant legal, accounting and
other expenses that we would not incur as a private company. In addition, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act imposes various requirements on public
companies including requiring establishment and maintenance of effective disclosure and financial controls. Our management and other
personnel devote a substantial amount of time to these compliance initiatives. Moreover, these rules and regulations have increased and
could continue to increase our legal and financial compliance costs and could make some activities more time-consuming and costly. For
example, we expect that these rules and regulations may make it more difficult and more expensive for us to obtain directors and
officers liability insurance, which could make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified members of our Board of
Directors. We cannot predict or estimate the amount of additional costs we will incur to meet our additional disclosure obligations under
the Exchange Act or the timing of such costs. 

The
Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective internal control over financial reporting and disclosure
controls and procedures. We must perform system and process evaluation and testing of our internal control over financial reporting to
allow management to report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, as required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act. In addition, we are required to have our independent registered public accounting firm attest to the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting the later of (i) our second annual report on Form 10-K, or (ii) the first annual report on Form 10-K
following the date on which we are no longer an emerging growth company and no longer qualify as a smaller reporting company. Our compliance
with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act could require that we incur substantial accounting expense and expend significant management
efforts including the potential of hiring additional accounting and financial staff with appropriate public company experience and technical
accounting knowledge. If we are not able to comply with the requirements of Section 404 in a timely manner, or if we or our independent
registered public accounting firm identify deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting that are deemed to be material
weaknesses, the market price of our stock could decline and we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the SEC or other regulatory
authorities, which would require additional financial and management resources. 

Our
ability to successfully implement our business plan and comply with Section 404 requires us to be able to prepare timely and accurate
financial statements. We expect that we will need to continue to improve the existing, and implement new operational and financial systems,
procedures and controls to manage our business effectively. Any delay in the implementation of, or disruption in the transition to, new
or enhanced systems, procedures or controls, may cause our operations to suffer and we may be unable to conclude that our internal control
over financial reporting is effective and to obtain an unqualified report on internal controls from our auditors as required under Section
404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. This, in turn, could have an adverse impact on trading prices for our Common Stock, and could adversely
affect our ability to access the capital markets. 

15 

Risks
Relating to Our Stock 

NASDAQ
may delist our Common Stock from trading on its exchange, which could limit stockholders ability to trade our Common Stock. 

Our
Common Stock is listed for trading on NASDAQ and requires us to meet certain financial, public float, bid price and liquidity standards
on an ongoing basis to continue the listing of our Common Stock. If we fail to meet these continued listing requirements, our Common
Stock may be subject to delisting. If our Common Stock is delisted and we are not able to list our Common Stock on another national securities
exchange, we expect our securities would be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, our stockholders could face
significant material adverse consequences, including limited availability of market quotations for our Common Stock and reduced liquidity
for the trading of our securities. In addition, we could experience a decreased ability to issue additional securities and obtain additional
financing in the future. 

Our
Common Stock price is likely to be highly volatile because of several factors, including limited public fluctuation. 

The
market price of our Common Stock has been volatile in the past and the market price of our Common Stock could be volatile in the future.
You may not be able to resell shares of our Common Stock following periods of volatility because of the market s adverse reaction
to volatility. 

Other
factors that could cause such volatility may include, among other things: 

actual
 or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results, including the loss of a large or key customer or vendor; 

the
 absence of securities analysts covering us and distributing research and recommendations about us; 

we
 may have a low trading volume for a few reasons, including that a large portion of our stock is closely held; 

overall
 stock market fluctuations; 

announcements
 concerning our business or those of our competitors; 

actual
 or perceived limitations on our ability to raise capital when we require it, and to raise such capital on favorable terms; 

conditions
 or trends in the industry; 

litigation; 

changes
 in market valuations of other similar companies; 

future
 sales of Common Stock; 

departure
 of key personnel or failure to hire key personnel; and 

general
 market conditions. 

Any
of these factors could have a significant and adverse impact on the market price of our Common Stock. In addition, the stock market in
general has at times experienced extreme volatility and rapid decline that has often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating
performance of companies. These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the trading price of our Common Stock, regardless of our
actual operating performance. 

16 

Because
our officers and Board of Directors will make all management decisions, you should only invest in our securities if you are comfortable
entrusting our directors to make all decisions. 

Our
Board of Directors will have the sole right to make all decisions with respect to our management. Investors will not have an opportunity
to evaluate the specific projects that will be financed with future operating income. You should not purchase our securities unless you
are willing to entrust all aspects of our management to our officers and directors. 

We
may need to raise additional capital. If we are unable to raise the necessary additional capital, our business may fail, or our operating
results and our stock price may be materially adversely affected. 

As
an emerging growth company, we may need to secure adequate funding for opportunities we may encounter. Such opportunities may include
acquiring complementary businesses, securing new marketing and sales opportunities, giving bonuses to employees to reward them for past
service and incentivize them for future successes. Selling additional stock, either privately or publicly, would dilute the equity interests
of our stockholders. If we borrow more money, we will have to pay interest and may also have to agree to restrictions that limit our
operating flexibility. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing, if needed, we may have to curtail our operations and our business
could fail. 

Our
issuance of additional Common Stock in exchange for services or to repay debt would dilute your proportionate ownership and voting rights
and could have a negative impact on the market price of our Common Stock. 

We
may generally issue shares of Common Stock and Common Stock issuable upon exercise of stock options and warrants to pay for debt or services,
without further approval by our stockholders based upon such factors as our Board of Directors may deem relevant at that time. It is
possible that we will issue additional shares of Common Stock under circumstances we may deem appropriate at the time. 

Shares
eligible for future sale may adversely affect the market. 

From
time to time, certain of our stockholders may be eligible to sell all or some of their shares of Common Stock by means of ordinary brokerage
transactions in the open market pursuant to Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act, subject to certain limitations. In general,
pursuant to Rule 144, non-affiliate stockholders may sell freely after six months, subject only to the current public information requirement.
Affiliates may sell after six months, subject to the Rule 144 volume, manner of sale (for equity securities), current public information,
and notice requirements. Of the approximately 10,924,724 shares of our Common Stock outstanding as of March 30, 2023, 7,500 shares are
restricted subject to Rule 144 with the remaining shares tradable without restriction. Given the limited trading of our Common Stock,
resale of even a small number of shares of our Common Stock pursuant to Rule 144 or an effective registration statement may adversely
affect the market price of our Common Stock. 

Our
equity incentive plan allows us to issue stock options and award shares in our Common Stock. We may in the future create additional equity
incentive plans, which may at that time require us to file a registration statement under the Securities Act to cover the issuance of
shares upon the exercise or vesting of awards granted or otherwise purchased under those plans. As a result, any shares issued or granted
under the plans may be freely tradable in the public market. If equity securities are issued under the plans, if implemented, and it
is perceived that they will be sold in the public market, then the price of our Common Stock could decline substantially. 

No
holders of any shares of our Common Stock have the right to require us to file registration statements for the public resale of such
shares. 

The
provisions of our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws may delay or prevent a takeover which may not be in the best interests of our
stockholders. 

Provisions
of our Articles of Incorporation and our Bylaws may be deemed to have anti-takeover effects, which include when and by whom special meetings
of our stockholders may be called, and may delay, defer or prevent a takeover attempt. In addition, certain provisions of the Nevada
Revised Statutes also may be deemed to have certain anti-takeover effects which include that control of shares acquired more than certain
specified thresholds will not possess any voting rights unless these voting rights are approved by a majority of a corporation s
disinterested stockholders. Further, our Articles of Incorporation authorize the issuance of up to 2,500,000 shares of preferred stock
with such rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by our Board of Directors at their sole discretion. Our Board
of Directors may, without stockholder approval, issue additional series of preferred stock with dividends, liquidation, conversion, voting
or other rights that could adversely affect the voting power or other rights of the holders of our Common Stock. 

17 

We
have never paid dividends on our Common Stock and have no plans to do so in the future. 

Holders
of shares of our Common Stock are entitled to receive such dividends as may be declared by our Board of Directors. To date, we have paid
no cash dividends on our shares of Common Stock, and we do not expect to pay cash dividends on our Common Stock in the foreseeable future.
We intend to retain future earnings, if any, to provide funds for the operations of our business. Therefore, any return investors in
our Common Stock may have will be in the form of appreciation, if any, in the market value of their shares of Common Stock. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES. 

We
lease approximately 37,729 rentable square feet of office and warehouse space from an unaffiliated third party for our corporate office,
manufacturing, assembly, warehouse and shipping facility located at 7970 South Kyrene Road, Tempe, Arizona 85284. In addition, we lease
approximately 5,131 rentable square feet of office and industrial space within the same business complex as our main office from an unaffiliated
third party for our machine shop at 7910 South Kyrene Road, Tempe, Arizona 85223. Both properties are under the same lease agreement
which expires in April 2024. In 2022, the Company moved all the operations from 7970 South Kyrene into the newly purchased building
on 295 East Corporate Place. The plan will be to move the rest of the operations from 7910 Kyrene into the 295 East Corporate Place location by May of 2023. 

On
August 25, 2021, we purchased an industrial building of approximately 76,650 square feet situated on approximately 4.3 acres at 295
East Corporate Place in Chandler, Arizona. We believe that this building allows for our expected growth in simulator development and
production, recoil kit development and production, training content creation as well as administrative, customer and technology
support as we plan to scale. Approximately 15,000 square feet of the new building housed two pre-existing tenants with multi-year
rent agreements, and we canceled the leases of both tenants and took ownership of 11,775 square feet on October 1, 2022. We have
given notice to the second tenant, and we will take over the additional 5,207 square feet as of May 1, 2023. Ultimately, we expect
this purchase to result in spending less per month on facilities while having access to a larger and centralized facility to enhance
efficiency. 

On
June 1, 2022, we moved into a newly leased space in Orlando, Florida, that is approximately 9,350 square feet. We believe this space
will be instrumental in growing our military business and supporting an east coast customer service 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

There
is no material pending legal proceedings, other than ordinary routine litigation incidental to the business, to which we are a party
or of which any of our property is the subject. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

Not
applicable. 

18 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

Market
Information 

Our
Common Stock is traded on The NASDAQ Capital Market under the stock symbol, VTSI. 

Holders
of Common Stock 

As
of March 30, 2023, 10,924,724 shares of our Common Stock were outstanding and held by approximately 36 holders of record. In addition,
we have no shares of Class A Common Stock, Class B Common Stock or Preferred Stock issued and outstanding. 

ITEM
6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

The
following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and related notes thereto included in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K. The discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Our
actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in those forward-looking statements because of many factors, including, but
not limited to, those set forth under Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Business
Overview 

VirTra,
Inc. (the Company, VirTra, we, us and our is a global provider
of judgmental use of force training simulators, firearms training simulators and driving simulators for the law enforcement, military,
educational and commercial markets. The Company s patented technologies, software, and scenarios provide intense training for de-escalation,
judgmental use-of-force, marksmanship and related training that mimics real-world situations. VirTra s mission is to save and improve
lives worldwide through practical and highly effective virtual reality and simulator technology. 

The
VirTra firearms training simulator allows marksmanship and realistic scenario-based training to take place daily without the need for
a shooting range, protective equipment, role players, safety officers, or a scenario-based training site. We have developed a higher
standard in simulation training including capabilities such as: multi-screen, video-based scenarios, unique scenario authoring ability,
superior training scenarios, the patented Threat-Fire shoot-back system, powerful gas-powered simulated recoil weapons, and more.
The simulator also allows students to receive immediate feedback from the instructor without the potential for sustaining injuries by
the instructor or the students. The instructor can teach and re-mediate critical issues, while placing realistic stress on the students
due to the realism and safe training environment created by the VirTra simulator. 

Business
Strategy 

We
have two main customer groups, namely, law enforcement and military. These are very different markets and require different sales and
marketing programs as well as personnel. Our focus is to expand the market share and scope of our training simulators sales to these
identified customer groups by pursuing the following key growth strategies: 

Build
 Our Core Business . Our goal is to profitably grow our market share by continuing to develop, produce and market the most
 effective simulators possible. Through disciplined growth in our business, we have achieved a solid balance sheet by increasing our
 working capital and limiting our bank debt. We plan to add staff to our experienced management team as needed to meet the expected
 increase in demand for our products and services as we increase our marketing and sales activities. 

19 

Increase
 Total Addressable Market . We plan to increase the size of our total addressable market. This effort will focus on new marketing
 and new product and/or service offerings for the purpose of widening the number of types of customers who might consider our products
 or services uniquely compelling. 

Broaden
 Product Offerings . Since its formation in 1993, our company has had a proud tradition of innovation in the field of simulation
 and virtual reality. We plan to release revolutionary new products and services as well as continue incremental improvements to existing
 product lines. In some cases, the company may enter a new market segment via the introduction of a new type of product or service. 

Partners
 and Acquisitions. We try to spend our time and funds wisely and not tackle tasks that can be done more efficiently with partners.
 For example, international distribution is often best accomplished through a local distributor or agent. We are also open to the
 potential of acquiring additional businesses or of being acquired ourselves, based on what is expected to be optimal for our long-term
 future and our stockholders. 

Product
Offerings 

Our
simulator products include the following: 

V-300 
 Simulator a 300 wrap-around screen with video capability is the higher standard for simulation training 

The
 V-300 is the higher standard for decision-making simulation and tactical firearms training. Five screens and a 300-degree
 immersive training environment ensures that time in the simulator translates into real world survival skills. The system reconfigures
 to support 15 individual firing lanes. 

A
 key feature of the V-300 shows how quickly judgment decisions must be made, and, sometimes, if they are not made immediately
 and accurately, it can lead to the possible loss of lives. This feature, among others, supports our value proposition to our customers
 is that best practices is being prepared enough for the surprises that could be around every corner and the ability to safely neutralize
 any life-threatening encounters. 

V-180 
 Simulator a 180 screen with video capability is for smaller spaces or smaller budgets 

The
 V-180 is the higher standard for decision-making simulation and tactical firearms training. Three screens and a 180-degree
 immersive training environment ensure that time in the simulator translates into real world survival skills. 

V-100 
 Simulator V-100 MIL a single-screen based simulator systems 

The
 V-100 is the higher standard among single-screen firearms training simulators. Firearms training mode supports up to 4 individual
 firing lanes at one time. The optional Threat-Fire device safely simulates enemy return fire with an electric impulse (or
 vibration version), reinforcing performance under pressure. We offer an upgrade path, so a V-100 firearms training and force
 options simulator can affordably grow into an advanced multi-screen trainer in upgraded products that we offer customers for future
 purchase. 

The
 V-100 MIL is sold to various military commands throughout the world and can support any local language. The system is extremely
 compact and can even share space with a standard classroom or fits into almost any existing facility. If a portable firearms simulator
 is needed, this model offers the most compact single-screen simulator on the market today everything organized into one standard
 case. The V-100 MIL is the higher standard among single-screen small arms training simulators. Military Engagement Skills
 mode supplies realistic scenario training taken from real world events. 

The
 V-ST PRO a highly realistic single screen firearms shooting and skills training simulator with the ability to scale to multiple
 screens creating superior training environments. The system s flexibility supports a combination of marksmanship and use of
 force training on up to 5 screens from a single operator station. The V-ST PRO is also capable of displaying 1 to 30 lanes
 of marksmanship featuring real world, accurate ballistics. 

20 

Virtual
 Interactive Coursework Training Academy (V-VICTA) enables law enforcement agencies, to effectively teach, train, test and
 sustain departmental training requirements through nationally accredited coursework and training scenarios using our simulators. 

Subscription
 Training Equipment Partnership (STEP) is a program that allows agencies to utilize VirTra s simulator products, accessories,
 and V-VICTA interactive coursework on a subscription basis. 

V-Author 
 Software allows users to create, edit, and train with content specific to agency s objectives and environments. V-Author 
 is an easy-to-use application capable of almost unlimited custom scenarios, skill drills, targeting exercises and firearms courseware
 proven to be highly effective for users of VirTra simulation products. 

Simulated
 Recoil Kits - a wide range of highly realistic and reliable simulated recoil kits/weapons 

Return
 Fire Device the patented Threat-Fire device which applies real-world stress on the trainees during simulation training. 

VirTra
 has installed a volumetric video capture studio in order to create training scenarios that could work in either screen-based simulators
 or in headset-based simulators. Volumetric video realism far exceeds that of computer-generated avatars which likely gives VirTra
 a strategic advantage for highly desired de-escalation training, especially when simulating human interaction is required. 

TASER ,
 OC spray and low-light training devices that interact with VirTra s simulators for training. 

Results
of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021 

Revenues.
 Revenues were 28,302,244 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 24,434,056 for the same period in 2021, representing
an increase of 3,868,188 or 16 . The increase was the result of increases in sales of simulators, STEP sales, accessories, curriculum
and training, and recurring extended warranty revenue in 2022. 

Cost
of Sales. Cost of sales were 12,047,366 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 13,028,844 for the same period in
2021, representing a decrease of 981,478, or 7.5 . The year-over-year decrease was due to a significant increase in capitalized labor
as multiple projects are set to complete in 2023 as well as an increase in recurring STEP revenue that has no associated cost of sales for future years. 

Gross
Profit. Gross profit was 16,254,878 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 11,405,212 for the same period in 2021,
representing an increase of 4,849,666 or 43 . The gross profit margin was 57 for the year ended December 31, 2022, and 47 for the
same period in 2021. The increase in gross profit was primarily due to the increase in simulator system sales and recurring STEP revenue
that helped to increase revenue while decreasing COGS. 

Operating
Expenses. Net operating expense was 13,661,173 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 9,951,175 for the same period
in 2021, representing an increase of 3,709,998, or 37 , with general and administrative expenses increasing by 2,969,038 or 37 and
research and development expenses increasing by 740,960 or 40 . The increase in general and administrative expenses was driven by an
increase in marketing expenses as the tradeshows begin to open back up in 2022 as well as costs related to the moving of facilities and
opening the new facility in Orlando. 

21 

Income
from Operations. Income from operations was 2,593,705 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 1,454,037 for the same
period in 2021, representing an increase of 1,139,668, or 78 , resulting from an increase in revenue, and a decrease in cost of goods
despite an increase in operating expenses 

Other
Income (Expense). Other expense net of other income was 66,165 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to net other income
 1,332,102 for the same period in 2021, representing a decrease of 1,398,267. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we recognized gain
resulting from the one-time event of the forgiveness a PPP loan of 1,320,714. 

Income
Tax Expense. Income tax expense was 571,642 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to an expense of 246,050 for the
same period in 2021, representing an increase in expense of 325,592 or 132 . 

Net
Income. Net income was 1,955,898 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 2,540,089 for the same period in 2021, representing
a decrease of 584,191 or 23 , This variance is mostly driven by the difference in no PPP loan forgiveness and an increase in income
tax expense. Without the PPP forgiveness in 2021 the net income would have been 1,219,375, representing an increase of 736,523 or 60 
in 2022 over 2021. 

Adjusted
Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization (AEBITDA). Explanation and Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures: 

Earnings
(loss) before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization and before other non-operating costs and income EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA are non-GAAP measures. Adjusted EBITDA also includes non-cash stock option expense, impairment expense and bad debt
expense. Other companies may calculate adjusted EBITDA differently. The Company calculates its adjusted EBITDA to eliminate the impact
of certain items it does not consider to be indicative of its performance and its ongoing operations. Adjusted EBITDA is presented herein
because management believes the presentation of adjusted EBITDA provides useful information to the Company s investors regarding
the Company s financial condition and results of operations and because adjusted EBITDA is frequently used by securities analysts,
investors and other interested parties in the evaluation of companies in the Company s industry, several of which present EBITDA
and a form of adjusted EBITDA when reporting their results. Adjusted EBITDA has limitations as an analytical tool and should not be considered
in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of the Company s results as reported under U.S. GAAP. Adjusted EBITDA should not be
considered as an alternative for net income, cash flows from operating activities and other income or cash flow statement data prepared
in accordance with U.S. GAAP or as a measure of profitability or liquidity. A reconciliation of net income to adjusted EBITDA is provided
in the following table: 

For the Years Ended 

December 31, 
 December 31, 
 Increase 

2022 
 2021 
 (Decrease) 
 Change 

Net Income (Loss) 
 1,955,898 
 2,540,089 
 (584,191 
 -23 
 
 Adjustments: 

(Provision) Benefit for income taxes 
 571,642 
 246,050 
 325,592 
 132 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 887,118 
 589,059 
 298,059 
 51 
 
 Interest (net) 
 190,772 
 35,673 
 155,099 
 435 
 
 EBITDA 
 3,605,430 
 3,410,871 
 194,559 
 6 
 
 Impairment loss on That s Eatertainment, former related party 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Right of use amortization 

- 

Reserve for note receivable 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Gain on forgiveness of note 
 - 
 (1,320,714 
 1,320,714 
 -100 

Adjusted EBITDA 
 3,605,430 
 2,090,157 
 1,515,273 
 72 

22 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources. Liquidity is the ability of an enterprise to generate adequate amounts of cash to meet its needs for cash
requirements. The Company had 13,483,597 and 19,708,565 cash and cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively.
Working capital was 24,339,089 and 25,944,717 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Net
cash used in operating activities was 2,693,351 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 125,743 of cash used in operating
activities for the year ended December 31, 2021. Net cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022, resulted
primarily from increases in inventory, accounts payable and accrued compensation and unbilled revenue, offset by decreases in accounts
receivable and prepaids well as other changes in operating assets and liabilities. Net cash used in operating activities for the year
ended December 31, 2021 resulted primarily from increases in accounts receivable, inventory, accounts payable and accrued compensation,
offset by decreases in unbilled revenue and deferred revenue as well as other changes in operating assets and liabilities. 

Net
cash used in investing activities was 3,341,198 for the year ended December 31, 2022, and net cash used by investing activities was
 3,735,784 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Investing activities in 2022 and 2021 primarily consist of purchases of property and
equipment. 

Net
cash used in financing activities was 190,419 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 16,728,108 provided by financing
activities for the year ended December 31, 2021. Financing activities in 2022 consisted mainly of debt repayments. Financing in 2021
consisted of the issuance of additional common stock for cash and stock options exercised, offset by debt repayment. 

Backlog 

The
Company defines bookings as the total number of newly signed contracts and purchase orders received in a defined period. The Company
received bookings totaling 6.4 million for the three months ended December 31, 2022. The Company defines backlog as the accumulation
of bookings from signed contracts and purchase orders that are not started, or are uncompleted performance objectives, and cannot be
recognized as revenue until delivered in a future quarter. Backlog also includes extended warranty agreements and STEP agreements that
are deferred revenue recognized on a straight-line basis over the life of each respective agreement. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s
backlog was 27.7 million. 

Management
estimates the majority of the new bookings received in the fourth quarter of 2022, will be converted to revenue in 2023. Management s
estimate for the conversion of backlog is based on current contract delivery dates, however, contract terms and install dates are subject
to modification and are routinely changed at the request of the customer or due to factors outside the Company s control. 

Cash
Requirements 

Our
management believes that our current capital resources will be adequate to continue operating our company and maintaining our current
business strategy for more than 12 months from the filing of this Annual Report. We are, however, open to raising additional funds from
the capital markets, at a fair valuation, to purchase a business or assets, expand our production capacity, expand our product and services,
to enhance our sales and marketing efforts and effectiveness, and to aggressively take advantage of market opportunities. There can be
no assurance, however, that additional financing will be available to us when needed or, if available, that it can be obtained on commercially
reasonable terms. If we are not able to obtain the additional financing on a timely basis, when it is needed, we will be forced to scale
down our plans for expanded marketing and sales efforts. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

We
have identified the following policies below as critical to our business and results of operations. Our reported results are impacted
by the application of the following accounting policies, some of which require management to make subjective or complex judgments. These
judgments involve making estimates and assumptions about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain and may significantly impact
quarterly or annual results of operations. For all of these policies, management cautions that future events rarely develop exactly as
expected, and the best estimates routinely require adjustment. The methods, estimates, interpretations and judgments we use in applying
our most critical accounting policies can have a significant impact on the results that we report in our financial statements. 

The
following discussion provides supplemental information regarding the significant estimates, judgments and assumptions made in implementing
the Company s critical accounting policies. 

23 

Basis
of Presentation and Use of Estimates 

Our
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent
assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting
period. On an ongoing basis, management evaluates its estimates and judgments. Management bases the estimates on historical experience
and on various other factors that it believes are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making
judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. For any given individual
estimate or assumption, we make, it is possible that other people applying reasonable judgment to the same facts and circumstances could
develop different estimates. Significant accounting estimates in these financial statements include valuation assumptions for share-based
payments, allowance for doubtful accounts, inventory reserves, accrual for warranty reserves, the carrying value
of long-lived assets, income tax valuation allowances, the carrying value of cost basis investments, and the allocation of the transaction
price to the performance obligations in our contracts with customers. Actual results could differ significantly from those estimates. 

Allowance
for Doubtful Accounts 

The
Company only ships products when it has reasonable assurance that it will receive payment from the customer. When such assurance is not
available, the Company will require payment in advance. For customers other than United States governmental agencies, the Company generally
requires advance deposits prior to shipment. The assessment of a customer s creditworthiness is reliant on management s judgment
regarding such factors as previous payment history, credit rating, credit references and market reputation. If any sales are made that
ultimately become uncollectible, the Company charges the uncollected amount against a reserve for uncollectible accounts. This reserve
is established and adjusted from time to time based on management s assessment of each outstanding receivable and the likelihood
of it being collected. 

Inventory
Valuation 

Inventory
is stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value with cost being determined on the average cost method. Work in progress and finished
goods inventory includes an allocation for capitalized labor and overhead. Provision is made for obsolete, slow moving or defective items
where appropriate. This estimated valuation requires that management make certain judgments about the likelihood that specific inventory
items may have minimal or no realizable value in the future. These judgments are based on the current quantity of the item on hand compared
to historical sales volumes, potential alternative uses of the products and the age of the inventory item. 

Property
and Equipment 

Property
and equipment are carried at cost, net of depreciation. Depreciation commences at the time the assets are placed in service. Depreciation
is provided using the straight-line method over the estimated economic lives of the assets or for leasehold improvements, over the shorter
of the estimated useful life or the remaining lease term. In determining the depreciation rate, historical disposal experience, holding
periods and trends in the market are reviewed. 

We
periodically perform reviews to determine whether facts and circumstances exist which indicate that the carrying amount of assets may
not be recoverable or that the useful life of assets is shorter or longer than originally estimated. We assess the recoverability of
our assets by comparing the projected undiscounted net cash flows associated with the related asset or group of assets over their estimated
remaining lives against their respective carrying amounts. Impairment, if any, is based on the excess of the carrying amount over the
fair value of those assets. 

24 

Revenue
Recognition 

We
account for revenue recognition in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board s FASB Accounting Standards
Codification ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, which we adopted on January 1, 2018, using the modified
retrospective transition method. We evaluated the distinct performance obligations and the pattern of revenue recognition of our contracts
upon adoption of the standard. Consequently, after our review of contracts, we concluded that the impact of adopting the standard did
not have a significant effect on our balance sheets, statements of operations, changes in stockholders equity, or cash flows. 

Revenues
include sales of products and services and are in net of discounts. Product sales consist of simulators, upgrade components, scenarios,
scenario software, recoil kits, Threat-Fire and other accessories. Services include installation, training, limited assurance-type
warranties, extended service-type warranty agreements and related support. 

We
determined our revenue recognition through the identification of the contract with a customer, identification of the performance obligations
within the contract, determination of the transaction price, allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations within
the contract and recognition of revenue when, or as, the performance obligations have been satisfied. 

In
reviewing our contracts, the identification of the performance obligations within the contracts, allocation of the transaction price
to the performance obligations and the point when performance obligations were satisfied required significant judgment. In identifying
the performance obligations, the Company considered whether the customer has a reasonable expectation that the Company will provide those
goods or services and would view those goods or services as part of the negotiated exchange. The Company believes that, generally, our
performance obligations are explicit in the contracts. The Company allocates the transaction price to the performance obligations based
on the relative standalone selling price basis. This required consideration and determination of the stand-alone selling price for each
distinct good or service using various sources of information. Under ASC 606, the Company recognizes revenue only when it satisfies a
performance obligation by transferring the good or service to the customer. To determine when the performance obligation had been transferred
to the customer, the Company considered control of the performance obligation transferred once the customer had the right and ability
to direct the use of the product or service and the customer obtained substantially all the remaining benefit from the products and services. 

Stock-Based
Compensation 

The
Company calculates the cost of awards of equity instruments based on the grant date fair value of the awards using the Black-Scholes-Merton
option pricing valuation model, which incorporates various assumptions including volatility, expected term and risk-free interest rates. 

The
expected term of the options is the estimated period of time until exercise and was determined using the SEC s safe harbor rules,
using an average of vesting and contractual terms, as we did not have sufficient historical experience of similar awards. Expected stock
price volatility is based on the historical volatility of the Company s stock. The risk-free interest rate is based on the implied
yield available on United States Treasury zero-coupon issues with an equivalent remaining term. The estimated fair value of stock-based
compensation awards and other options is amortized on a straight-line basis over the relevant vesting period. Share-based compensation
expense is recognized based on awards ultimately expected to vest. Forfeitures are recorded in subsequent periods when they occur. 

25 

Income
Taxes 

We
use significant judgment in determining the provision for income taxes, deferred tax assets and liabilities, and any valuation allowance
recorded against net deferred tax assets. In preparing our financial statements, we are required to estimate income taxes in each of
the domestic and foreign jurisdictions in which we operate. This process involves estimating the actual current tax liability together
with assessing temporary differences resulting from differing treatment of items, such as depreciation and amortization of property and
equipment and benefits of net operating loss tax carryforwards. These differences result in deferred tax assets, which include tax loss
carryforwards, and liabilities. We then assess the likelihood that deferred tax assets will be recovered from future taxable income,
and to the extent that recovery is not likely or there is insufficient operating history, we establish a valuation allowance. In evaluating
our ability to recover our deferred tax assets within the jurisdiction from which they arise, we consider all available positive and
negative evidence, including scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, tax-planning strategies,
and results of recent operations. In projecting future taxable income, we begin with historical results and incorporate assumptions about
the amount of future state, federal, and foreign pretax operating income adjusted for items that do not have tax consequences. The assumptions
about future taxable income require significant judgment and are consistent with the plans and estimates we are using to manage the underlying
business. To the extent we establish or change a valuation allowance in a period, we include an adjustment within the tax provision of
our statements of operations. 

Deferred
tax assets reflect current statutory income tax rates in effect for the period in which the deferred tax assets are expected to be realized.
As changes in tax laws or statutory tax rates are enacted, deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted through the provision of
income taxes. 

The
calculation of our tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax laws and regulations in a multitude
of jurisdictions across our global operations. A tax benefit from an uncertain tax position may be recognized when it is more likely
than not that the position will be sustained upon examination, including resolutions of any related appeals or litigation processes,
based on the technical merits. We (1) record unrecognized tax benefits as liabilities in accordance with ASC 740 and (2) adjust these
liabilities when our judgment changes as a result of the evaluation of new information not previously available. Because of the complexity
of some of these uncertainties, the ultimate resolution may result in a payment that is materially different from our current estimate
of the unrecognized tax benefit liabilities. These differences will be reflected as increases or decreases to income tax expense in the
period in which new information is available. 

Warranty
Reserve 

For
sales to customers within the U.S. and for all international sales, we typically provide a one-year assurance-type warranty but may provide
longer warranty periods if contractually required. We provide a warranty on our simulators that covers the cost of replacement parts
and labor on defective products. We estimate, based upon a review of historical warranty claim experience, the costs that may be incurred
under our warranty policies and record a liability in the amount of such estimate at the time a product is sold. Factors that affect
our warranty liability include the number of units sold, historical and anticipated rates of warranty claims, and cost per claim. At
our discretion, based upon the cost to either repair or replace a product, we have occasionally replaced such products covered under
warranty with a new or refurbished model. We periodically assess the adequacy of our recorded warranty liability and make adjustments
to the accrual as claims data and historical experience warrants. 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

See
Note 1 to our financial statements, included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

As
of December 31, 2022, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future
effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures
or capital resources that are material to investors. The term off-balance sheet arrangement generally means any transaction,
agreement or other contractual arrangement to which an entity unconsolidated with us is a party, under which we have any obligation arising
under a guarantee contract, derivative instrument or variable interest or a retained or contingent interest in assets transferred to
such entity or similar arrangement that serves as credit, liquidity or market risk support for such assets. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

Not
applicable. 

26 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 

INDEX
TO HISTORICAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Audited
 financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Haynie Company, Salt Lake City, Utah, PCAOB ID 
 
 F-1 
 
 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-2 
 
 Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-5 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-6 

27 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and 

 Stockholders
of VirTra, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of VirTra, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related statements
of operations, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the
related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all
material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its
cash flows, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

March
31, 2023 

PCAOB
# 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2022 

F- 1 

VIRTRA,
INC. 

 BALANCE
SHEETS 

December
 31, 2022 
 December
 31, 2021 

ASSETS 

Current
 assets: 

Cash
 and cash equivalents 

Accounts
 receivable, net 

Inventory,
 net 

Unbilled
 revenue 

Prepaid
 expenses and other current assets 

Total
 current assets 

Long-term
 assets: 

Property
 and equipment, net 

Operating
 lease right-of-use asset, net 

Intangible
 assets, net 

Security
 deposits, long-term 

Other
 assets, long-term 

Deferred
 tax asset, net 

Total
 long-term assets 

Total
 assets 

LIABILITIES
 AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current
 liabilities: 

Accounts
 payable 

Accrued
 compensation and related costs 

Accrued
 expenses and other current liabilities 

Note
 payable, current 

Operating
 lease liability, short-term 

Deferred
 revenue, short-term 

Total
 current liabilities 

Long-term
 liabilities: 

Deferred
 revenue, long-term 

Note
 payable, long-term 

Operating
 lease liability, long-term 

Other
 long term liabilities 
 - 

Total
 long-term liabilities 

Total
 liabilities 

Commitments
 and contingencies (See Note 9) 
 - 

Stockholders 
 equity: 

Preferred stock par value; authorized; shares issued or outstanding 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2022 

Class A common stock par value; shares authorized; shares issued or outstanding 
 - 
 - 
 
 Class B common stock par value; shares authorized; shares issued or outstanding 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common
 stock, value 

Additional
 paid-in capital 

Retained
 earnings 

Total
 stockholders equity 

Total
 liabilities and stockholders equity 

See
accompanying notes to financial statements. 

F- 2 

VIRTRA,
INC. 

 STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS 

December
 31, 2022 
 December
 31, 2021 

For
the years ended 

December
 31, 2022 
 December
 31, 2021 

Revenues: 

Net
 sales 

Total
 revenue 

Cost
 of sales 

Gross
 profit 

Operating
 expenses: 

General
 and administrative 

Research
 and development 

Net
 operating expense 

Income
 (loss) from operations 

Other income
 (expense): 

Other
 income 

Gain on
 forgiveness of note payable 
 - 

Other
 (expense) income 

Net
 other income (expense) 

Income
 (Loss) before provision for income taxes 

Provision
 (Benefit) for income taxes 

Net
 income (loss) 

Net income
 (loss) per common share: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Weighted average shares outstanding: 

Basic 

Diluted 

See
accompanying notes to financial statements. 

F- 3 

VIRTRA,
INC. 

 STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS S EQUITY 

 For
Years Ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Stock 
 Deficit 
 Total 

Preferred
 Stock 
 Common
 Stock 
 
 Additional 
 Paid-In 

Treasury 
 Accumulated
 
 Deficit 
 /Retained 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 
 Stock 
 Earnings 
 Total 
 
 Balance
at December 31, 2020 
 - 
 - 

- 

Stock
 Options Exercised 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Stock
 issued for cash in offering, Net 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Stock
 issued for services 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Stock reserved for future services 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net
 Income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance
at December 31, 2021 
 - 
 - 

- 

Stock
 Options Exercised 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Stock
 issued for cash in offering, Net 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Stock
 issued for services 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

RSU s
 issued (stock for services) 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Stock
 reserved for future services 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net
 income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Balance
at December 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 

- 

See
accompanying notes to financial statements. 

F- 4 

VIRTRA,
INC. 

 STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS 

2022 
 2021 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Right of use amortization 

Deferred taxes 

Gain on forgiveness of note payable 
 - 

Employee stock compensation 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventory, net 

Unbilled revenue 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Other assets 

Security deposits, long-term 

Accounts payable and other accrued expenses 

Operating lease liability 

Deferred revenue 

Net cash (used in) operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchase of intangible assets 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Net cash (used in) investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Repurchase of stock options 
 - 
 - 
 
 Principal payments of debt 

Stock issued for cash in offering, net 
 - 

Stock options exercised 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and restricted cash 

Cash and restricted cash, beginning of period 

Cash and restricted cash, end of period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash (refunded) paid: 

Income taxes paid (refunded) 

Interest paid 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Conversion of inventory to p roperty
 and equipment 

Entry into new Operating lease (ROU Asset/Liability) 

Note for purchase of property 
 - 

See
accompanying notes to financial statements. 

F- 5 

VirTra,
Inc. 

 Notes
to Financial Statements 

The
Company s primary sources of revenue are derived from simulator and accessories sales, training and installation, the sale of customizable
software, the sale of customized content scenarios, and the sale of extended service-type warranties. Sales discounts are presented in
the financial statements as reductions in determining net revenues. Credit sales are recorded as current assets (accounts receivable
and unbilled revenue). Prepaid deposits received at the time of sale and extended warranties purchased are recorded as current and long-term
liabilities (deferred revenue) until earned. The following briefly summarizes the nature of our performance obligations and method of
revenue recognition: 

Performance
 Obligation 
 
 Method
 of Recognition 

Simulator
 and accessories 
 
 Upon
 transfer of control 

Installation
 and training 
 
 Upon
 completion or over the period of services being rendered 

Extended
 service-type warranty 
 
 Deferred
 and recognized over the life of the extended warranty 

Customized
 software and content 
 
 Upon
 transfer of control or over the period services are performed depending on the terms of the contract 

Customized
 content scenario 
 
 As
 performance obligation is transferred over time (input method using time and materials expended) 

Sales-based
 royalty exchanged for license of intellectual property 
 
 Recognized
 as the performance obligation is satisfied over time which is as the sales occur 

The
Company recognizes revenue upon transfer of control or upon completion of the services for the simulator and accessories; for the installation
and training and customized software performance obligations as the customer has the right and ability to direct the use of these products
and services and the customer obtains substantially all of the remaining benefit from these products and services at that time. Revenue
from certain customized content contracts may be recognized over the period the services are performed based on the terms of the contract.
For the sales-based royalty exchanged for license of intellectual property, the Company recognized revenue as the sales occur over time. 

The
Company recognizes revenue on a straight-line basis over the period of services being rendered for the extended service-type warranties
as these warranties represent a performance obligation to stand ready to perform over the duration of the warranties. As
such, the warranty service is performed continuously over the warranty period. 

Each
contract states the transaction price. The contracts do not include variable consideration, significant financing components or noncash
consideration. The Company has elected to exclude sales and similar taxes from the measurement of the transaction price. The contract s
transaction price is allocated to the performance obligations based upon their stand-alone selling prices. Discounts to the stand-alone
selling prices, if any, are allocated proportionately to each performance obligation. 

Extended
 service-type warranties 

Customized
 software and content 
 - 

Installation
 and training 

Licensing
 and royalties 
 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Total
 Revenue 

Commercial
customers include selling through prime contractors for military or law enforcement contracts, domestically. Government customers are
defined as directly selling to government agencies. For the year ended December 31, 2022, governmental customers comprised ,
or of total net sales, commercial customers comprised or of total net sales and international customers comprised ,
or of total net sales. By comparison, for the year ended December 31, 2021, governmental customers comprised , or 
of total net sales, commercial customers comprised or of total net sales and international customers comprised ,
or of total net sales. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded and , respectively,
in STEP revenue, or and , respectively, of total net sales. 

and 
on December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized revenue of 
and , respectively, related to customer deposits that were included in deferred revenue, long-term, at the beginning of each
period. Changes in deferred revenue amounts related to customer deposits will fluctuate from year to year based upon the mix of customers
required to prepay deposits under the Company s credit policy. 

, and on December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Deferred revenue for separately priced extended
warranties longer than one year totaled and on December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The accrual for the one-year
manufacturer s warranty liability totaled and on December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. During the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized revenue of and , respectively, related to the extended service-type
warranties that was amortized from the deferred revenue balance at the beginning of each period. Changes in deferred revenue amounts
related to extended service-type warranties will fluctuate from year to year based upon the average remaining life of the warranties
at the beginning of the period and new extended service-type warranties sold during the period. 

and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

and on December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

- 
 years 
 
 Furniture
 and office equipment 
 
 - 
 years 
 
 Leased
 STEP equipment 

years 
 
 Leasehold
 improvements 

years 
 
 Building 

years 
 
 Building
 Improvements 

years 

years. We compute amortization expense on media content using the straight-line
method over the weighted average remaining period which is years. 

and for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These costs include domestic and international trade shows, websites, and sales promotional materials. 

and for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

per depositor, per FDIC-insured bank, per ownership category.
The Company had uninsured cash and cash equivalents of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Sales
are typically made on credit and the Company generally does not require collateral. Management performs ongoing credit evaluations of
its customers financial condition and maintains an allowance for estimated losses. Historically, the Company has experienced minimal
charges relative to doubtful accounts. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not have any customer that accounted for more than 10 of total accounts
receivable. 

Weighted average common stock outstanding 

Incremental shares from
 stock options 

Weighted average common
 stock outstanding, diluted 

Net income (loss) per common share and common
 equivalent share 

Basic 

Diluted 

The
Company has potentially dilutive securities outstanding that are not included in the diluted earnings per share calculation for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 because their effect would be anti-dilutive. These potentially dilutive securities, comprised entirely
of the Company s stock options, totaled and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Reserve 

Total inventory 

During 2022, the Company evaluated some of the items included in inventory
and determined that they were truly assets of the Company, including items used in its demonstration rooms. As such, we reclassified 
as fixed assets on the Balance Sheet at December 31, 2022. During
2021, the Company evaluated the useful life of its spare parts inventory. As a result of this evaluation, the Company classified 
of spare replacement parts as Other Assets, long-term on the Balance Sheet on December 31, 2021. In addition, during 2021, the Company
transferred from inventory to property and equipment. 

Building
 Building Improvements 

Computer
 equipment 

Furniture
 and office equipment 

Machinery
 and equipment 

STEP
 equipment 

Leasehold
 improvements 

Construction
 in Progress 

Total
 property and equipment 

Less:
 Accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Property
 and equipment, net 

Depreciation
expenses, including STEP depreciation, were and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

On
August 25, 2021, the Company completed the purchase of real property located in Chandler, Arizona (the Property for ,
paid with cash and proceeds from a mortgage loan from Arizona Bank Trust in the amount of (Note 7). The Property consists
of approximately acres and an industrial building of approximately square feet. The Company intends to move all of its operations
and headquarters to the Property during 2022. Approximately square feet of the building is dedicated to two pre-existing tenants
with multi-year rent agreements. 

Under
the provision of ASC 805, the Company determined this acquisition was an asset acquisition. This determination was based on substantially
all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired was concentrated in the similarly identifiable assets of the Property. The fair value
was allocated to the land, building, and acquired leases based upon their relative fair values at the date of acquisition in accordance
with ASC 805-50-30-3. 

The
fair value of the in-place leases is the estimated cost to replace the leases (including loss of rent, estimated commissions and legal
fees paid in similar leases). The capitalized in-place leases are amortized over the remaining term of the leases as amortization expense.
The fair value of the above or below market lease is the present value of the difference between the contractual amount to be paid pursuant
to the in-place lease and the estimated current market lease rate expected over the remaining non-cancelable life of the lease. The capitalized
above or below market lease values are amortized as a decrease or increase to the rental income over the remaining term of the lease. 

Upon
closing, the Company assumed interest in two in-place leases. The first tenant took occupancy in November 2006 and is paying the annual
Triple Net rate of per square foot. The rate increased to per square foot on November 1, 2021, increasing to on
November 1, 2022, the tenant was given notice in December 2022 and the lease will now expire on . The second tenant took occupancy
in November 2016 and is paying the annual rate of per square foot. The lease expires . The Company properly
served notice to this tenant on December 31, 2021, that its lease was terminated on September 30, 2022. 

Building
 and building improvements 

Acquired
 Lease Intangible Assets 

Total
 Purchase Price 

Capitalized
 media content 

Acquired
 lease intangible assets 

Total
 intangible assets 

Less
 accumulated amortization 

Intangible
 assets, net 

Amortization
expense was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The weighted average remaining period is
 years. 

rentable square feet of office and warehouse space from an unaffiliated third party for our former
corporate office, manufacturing, assembly, warehouse and shipping facility located at 7970 South Kyrene Road, Tempe, Arizona 85284. From
2016 through March 2019, the Company leased approximately rentable square feet of office and industrial space from an unaffiliated
third party for our machine shop at 2169 East 5th St., Tempe, Arizona 85284. In April 2019, the Company relocated the machine shop from
the Fifth St. location to 7910 South Kyrene Road, located within the same business complex as our main office. The Company executed a
lease amendment to add an additional rentable square feet for the machine shop and extended its existing office lease through April
2024. On June 1, 2022, we entered into a new lease of approximately 9,350 square
feet located at 12301 Challenger Parkway, Orlando, Florida, from an unaffiliate third party through May 2027. 

The Company s lease agreements do not contain any residual value guarantees, restrictive covenants or variable lease payments.
The Company has not entered any financing leases. 

In
addition to base rent, the Company s lease generally provides for additional payments for other charges, such as rental tax. The
lease includes fixed rent escalations. The Company s lease does not include an option to renew. 

The
Company determines if an arrangement is a lease at inception. Operating leases are recorded in operating lease right of use assets, net,
operating lease liability short-term, and operating lease liability long-term on its balance sheets. 

Operating
lease assets represent the Company s right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent its obligation
to make lease payments arising from the lease. Operating lease assets and liabilities are recognized at the commencement date based on
the present value of lease payments over the lease term. As the Company s lease does not provide an implicit rate, the Company
uses its incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at commencement date in determining the present value of lease
payments. The incremental borrowing rate used at adoption was . Significant judgement is required when determining the Company s
incremental borrowing rate. The Company uses the implicit rate when readily determinable. Lease expense for lease payments is recognized
on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 

Effective June 1, 2022 the Company obtained a right-of-use asset in exchange
for a new operating lease liability in the amount of . Effective
January 1, 2019, the Company obtained a right-of-use asset in exchange for a new operating lease liability in the amount of 
and derecognized deferred rent for an adjusted operating lease right-of-use asset in the net amount of . 

Additional property in Orlando 
 
 - 
 
 Amortization for the
 year ended 

Total operating lease
 right-of-use asset 

Liabilities 

Current 

Operating lease liability,
 short-term 

Non-current 

Operating
 lease liability, long-term 

Total lease liabilities 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Total lease payments 

Less: imputed interest 

Operating lease liability 

The
Company had a deferred rent liability of on December 31, 2022 and 2021, relative to the increasing future minimum lease payments.
Rent expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were and , respectively. 

Employee
 benefits payable 

Accrued
 paid time off (PTO) 

Profit
 sharing payable 

Total
 accrued compensation and related costs 

Warranties-other 
 - 
 - 
 
 Loss contingencies 
 - 
 - 
 
 Taxes payable 

Miscellaneous payable 

Total accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

under the PPP from Wells Fargo
Bank, N.A (the Lender ). The PPP Loan was payable over two years at a fixed interest rate of . The PPP, established as
part of the CARES Act, provides for loans to qualifying businesses for amounts up to 2.5 times of the average monthly payroll expenses
of the qualifying business. Under the terms of the PPP loan, up to the entire amount of principal and accrued interest may be forgiven
to the extent PPP loan proceeds are used for qualifying expenses as described in the CARES Act and applicable implementing guidance issued
by the U.S. Small Business Administration (the SBA for the PPP loan. The Company used its entire PPP Loan amount for designated
qualifying expenses and on June 16, 2021, applied for forgiveness in accordance with the PPP Loan terms. 

On
July 20, 2021, the Company received notification from the Lender that the SBA had approved the Company s PPP Loan forgiveness application
for the entire amount of the PPP Loan. The forgiveness of the PPP Loan is recognized in Other Income in the accompanying statement of
income. 

On
August 25, 2021, the Company completed the purchase of real property located in Chandler, Arizona (the Property for ,
paid with cash and proceeds from a mortgage loan from Arizona Bank Trust in the amount of . The loan terms include interest
to be accrued at a fixed rate of per year, 119 regular monthly payments of , and one irregular payment of due on
the maturity date of . The Company began making monthly payments on September 23, 2021. The payment and performance of
the loan is secured by a security interest in the property acquired. 

Accrued
 interest on note 

Note
 payable, short-term 

Long-term
 liabilities: 

Note
 payable, principal 

Note
 payable, long term 

and previously awarded options reaching expiration from
related parties, including the Company s CEO, COO, an employee, a Board Director and other executive officers. These redemptions
canceled the stock options and resulted in a total of and in additional compensation expense in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, related parties exercised and previously awarded options for the exercise price
of and , respectively, resulting in issuance of common stock to the CEO and one member of the Board of Directors. 

Mr.
Richardson, who is a member of our Board of Directors until December 2022, was acting CEO of Natural Point, Inc. until May 14, 2021,
a vendor of the Company. In 2021, the Company purchased specialized equipment from Natural Point in the amount of . On December
31, 2022, the Company had an outstanding balance payable to Natural Point of . 

Mr.
Givens was a member of our Board of Directors and is currently co-CEO of VirTra, Inc. He was President of Bohemia Interactive Simulations,
Inc. until April 2022. In 2021, VirTra purchased gaming simulation software (VBS3) licenses from Bohemia for the amount of . On
December 31, 2022, the Company had outstanding balance payable to Bohemia. 

and , respectively, subject to cost-of-living adjustments, and containing automatic
one-year extension provisions. These contracts have been renewed annually and have been adjusted based on the same percentage increase
approved for Company-wide cost-of-living adjustments. As of December 31, 2022, the Chief Executive Officer s base annual salary
was . 

On
August 26, 2021, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors (the Compensation Committee ), relying upon third-party
studies and recommendations, took several actions to bring the compensation of the Company s Chief Executive officer (CEO) and
Chief Operating Officer (COO) up to industry standards and provide meaningful incentive for future performance. The Committee (1) approved
grants of and performance-based restricted stock units pursuant to the Company s 2017 Equity Incentive Plan (the
 Plan to the Company s CEO and COO, respectively, with fair value on the grant date of August 26, 2021, of 
and , respectively; (2) approved grants of and restricted shares with a fair value of and , respectively,
to the CEO and COO, respectively, based on the Company s performance for the twelve months ended June 30, 2021; and (3) increased
the annual base salaries effective August 15, 2021 to and for the CEO and COO, respectively. While their salaries have
been annually increased with Company-wide cost-of-living adjustments, this was the first comprehensive review and adjustment undertaken
since 2012. 

On
May 2, 2022, VirTra, Inc. announced the appointment of John F. Givens II as its co-Chief Executive Officer, effective April 11, 2022.
Mr. Givens has been serving as a director of VirTra since November 2020. VirTra agreed to pay Mr. Givens an initial annual base salary
of , subject to annual review. VirTra issued Mr. Givens a signing bonus of shares of common stock which are restricted
from transfer until the earlier of: i) 12 months of employment having lapsed or ii) the Company terminating employment with Mr. Givens
without cause. Mr. Givens was granted Restricted Stock Units, to be awarded based on achievement of certain performance goals
over the next three years. 

During
August 2022, Restricted Stock Units were forfeited upon the departure of the Chief Operating Officer. 

. 

It
is the Company s policy to estimate the fair value of the RSU s on the date of the grant and evaluate the probability of
achieving the net profit (net income under GAAP) tranches quarterly. If the target is deemed probable, the expense is amortized on a
straight-line basis over the remaining time period. The Company determined based on the vesting terms described above that the net profit
(net income under GAAP) for the twelve months ending June 30, 2022, of was probable, and recorded an expense for the period
ending December 31, 2021 of . 

The
Company determined based on the vesting terms described above that the net profit (net income under GAAP) for the twelve months ending
June 30, 2022, was and therefore awarded (prior to deduction of shares to pay the tax withholding liability) and
 shares of common stock to its Co-Chief Executive Officers. The Company determined based on the vesting terms described above that
the net profit (net income under GAAP) for the twelve months ending June 30, 2023, of is probable and recorded an expense
of 1 related to the RSUs for the period ending December 31, 2022. 

Profit
Sharing 

VirTra
provides a discretionary profit-sharing program that pays out a percentage of Company profits each year as a cash bonus to eligible employees.
The cash payment is typically split into two equal payments and distributed pro-rata in April and October of the following year only
to active employees. For the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, the amount expensed to operations was and , respectively. 

Tax Credits 

Deferred Revenue 

Stock Compensation 

Investment in TEC 
 - 

Reserves, Accruals, and
 Other 

Intangibles 

Capital
 Loss Carryforward 
 
 - 

Total
 Deferred Tax Assets 

Deferred Tax Liabilities: 

Fixed
 Assets 

Total Deferred Tax Liabilities 

Valuation Allowance 
 - 
 - 

Net Deferred Taxes 

Internal
Revenue Code Section 382 limits the ability to utilize net operating losses if a 50 change in ownership occurs over a three-year period.
The Company does not believe that such a limitation of the net operating losses has occurred. 

Deferred 

Change in valuation
 allowance 
 - 
 - 

Provision (benefit)
 for income taxes 

State income taxes, net of federal benefit 

Research credits 
 - 
 - 
 
 Permanent differences 

PPP Loan Forgiveness 
 
 - 
 
 Other 

Change in valuation
 allowance 

Provision (benefit)
 for income taxes 

shares of common stock, par value per share, of which (a) 
shares shall be common stock, par value , (b) shares shall be Class A common stock, par value per share (the
 Class A Common Stock ), and (c) shares shall be Class B common stock, par value per share (the Class
B Common Stock ). No shares of Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock have been issued. 

Rights
and Preferences . Voting Rights. Except as otherwise required by the Nevada Revised Statues or as provided by or pursuant to the provisions
of the Company s articles of incorporation: 

(i)
 . 

(ii)
 . 

(iii)
The holders of common stock and Class A Common Stock shall vote together as a single class on all matters on which stockholders are generally
entitled to vote. 

(iv)
 . 

Preferred
Stock 

Authorized
Shares . The Company is authorized to issue shares of preferred stock, par value per share (the Preferred
Stock ). 

Rights
and Preferences . The Board of Directors is authorized at any time, and from time to time, to provide for the issuance of shares of
Preferred Stock in one or more series, and to determine the designations, preferences, limitations and relative or other rights of the
Preferred Stock or any series thereof. 

Stock
Repurchase 

On
October 25, 2016, the Company s Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to million of its common stock under Rule
10b-18 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Purchases made pursuant to this authorization will be made
in the open market, in privately negotiated transactions, or pursuant to any trading plan that may be adopted in accordance with Rule
10b-18. The timing, manner, price and amount of any repurchases will be determined by the Company in its discretion and will be subject
to economic and market conditions, stock price, applicable legal requirements and other factors. On January 9, 2019, VirTra s Board
of Directors authorized an additional million be allocated for the repurchase of VirTra s stock under the existing 10b-18 plan.
The Company s stock repurchase program was suspended as a result of interim rulings for public-company recipients of a PPP loan
under the CARES Act. The stock repurchase suspension remained in effect until the PPP loan was forgiven on July 20, 2021, and has continued
to remain in effect. 

Treasury
Stock 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company purchased no treasury shares. 

Non-qualified
Stock Options 

The
Company has periodically issued non-qualified stock options to key employees, officers and directors under a stock option compensation
plan approved by the Board of Directors in 2009. Terms of option grants are at the discretion of the Board of Directors and are generally
seven years. Upon the exercise of these options, the Company expects to issue new authorized shares of its common stock. The following
table summarizes all non-qualified stock options as of: 

Granted 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Redeemed 

Exercised 

Expired / terminated 

Options outstanding,
 end of year 

Options exercisable,
 end of year 

The
Company did not have any non-vested stock options outstanding as of December 31, 2022. The weighted average contractual term for options
outstanding and exercisable on December 31, 2022, and 2021 was years. The aggregate intrinsic value of the options outstanding and
exercisable on December 31, 2022, and 2021 was and , respectively. The total intrinsic value of options exercised during
the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 was and , respectively. The aggregate intrinsic value is calculated as the
difference between the exercise price of the underlying options and the fair value of the Company s common stock for those stock
options that have an exercise price lower than the fair value of the Company s common stock. Options with an exercise price above
the fair value of the Company s common stock are considered to have no intrinsic value. For the years ended December 31, 2022,
and 2021, the Company received payments related to the exercise of options in the amount of and , respectively. The total
fair value of shares vested during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 is . 

- 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

- 

- 

- 

The
following table summarizes information about stock options outstanding and exercisable as of December 31, 2021: 

Range of
 Exercise Price 
 Number
 of Options Outstanding 
 Weighted 
 Average Exercise Price 
 Number
 of Options Exercisable 
 Weighted 
 Average Exercise Price 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

2017
Equity Incentive Plan 

On
August 23, 2017, our Board approved, subject to stockholder approval at the annual meeting of stockholders on October 6, 2017, the VirTra,
Inc. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan (the Equity Plan ). The Equity Plan is intended to make available incentives that will assist
us to attract, retain and motivate employees, including officers, consultants and directors. We may provide these incentives through
the grant of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance shares and units and other
cash or stock -based awards. 

A
total of shares of our common stock was initially authorized and reserved for issuance under the Equity Plan. This reserve
automatically increased on January 1, 2019, and each subsequent anniversary through 2027, by an amount equal to the smaller of (a) 
of the number of shares of common stock issued and outstanding on the immediately preceding December 31, or (b) an amount determined
by the Board. 

Awards
may be granted under the Equity Plan to our employees, including officers, directors or consultants or those of any present or future
parent or subsidiary corporation or other affiliated entity. All awards will be evidenced by a written agreement between us and the holder
of the award and may include any of the following: stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units,
performance shares and performance units and cash-based awards and other stock-based awards. 

Through
December 31, 2022, and restricted stock awards and and restricted shares have been granted under the Equity
Plan to the Company s CEO and COO, respectively (see Note 9). For the years ended December 31, 2021, and 2020, there were no options
issued under the Equity Plan. 

Common
stock activity 

On April 11, 2022 the Compensation
Committee of the Board of Directors approved a sign on bonus of 64,815 restricted shares to the Co-CEO. 

On September 23,2022 the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors
awarded (prior to deduction of shares to pay the tax withholding liability) and shares of common stock to its Co-Chief
Executive Officers in settlement of RSUs, based on the Company s performance for the twelve months ended June 30, 2022. 

On
August 26, 2021, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors approved grants of and restricted shares to the CEO
and COO, respectively, based on the Company s performance for the twelve months ended June 30, 2021 (see Note 9). 

On
March 31, 2021, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement with certain institutional
investors (the Purchasers ), pursuant to which the Company agreed to sell to the Purchasers an aggregate of shares
(the RDO Shares of the Company s Common Stock at a price of per share in a registered direct offering (the
 Offering ). The RDO Shares were offered and sold by the Company pursuant to an effective shelf registration statement on
Form S-3 (File No. 333-238624), which was filed by the Company with the SEC on May 22, 2020, and subsequently declared effective on June
2, 2020, and a related prospectus. 

The
Company also entered into a placement agent agreement (the Placement Agency Agreement on March 31, 2021, with Roth Capital
Partners, LLC Roth ), pursuant to which Roth agreed to serve as placement agent for the issuance and sale of the RDO Shares.
The Company agreed to pay Roth an aggregate fee equal to of the gross proceeds received by the Company from the sale of the securities
in the transaction. The Company also agreed to pay Roth reimbursement for legal fees and expenses in an amount not to exceed . 

Roth
acted as the lead placement agent in the Offering. Lake Street Capital Markets acted as co-placement agent for the Offering. Maxim Group
LLC acted as a financial advisor to the Company in connection with the Offering. 

A
prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus relating to and describing the terms of the Offering, dated March 31, 2021, was
filed with the SEC on April 2, 2021. 

On
April 5, 2021, the Company closed the Offering. The total gross proceeds of the Offering were million, before deducting the placement
agents fees and other estimated Offering expenses which totaled . 

annually. In addition, Mr. McDonnell has been granted restricted shares of the Company s common
stock which are subject to vesting requirements and restricted stock units which vest only upon the sale of the Company. 

F- 23 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

None. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

Disclosure
controls and procedures 

We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures, as that term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e), promulgated by the SEC pursuant
to the Exchange Act. Disclosure controls and procedures include controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required
to be disclosed in our company s reports filed under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the
time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management,
including our principal executive officers and principal financial officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officers and principal financial officer, evaluated our company s
disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this annual report on Form 10-K. Based on this evaluation,
our principal executive officers and principal financial officer concluded that as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and
procedures were not effective. The ineffectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures was due to material weaknesses, which we
identified in our report on internal control over financial reporting. 

Internal
control over financial reporting 

Management s
annual report on internal control over financial reporting 

Our
management, including our principal executive officers and principal financial officer, is responsible for establishing and maintaining
adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Our management, with the participation
of our principal executive officers and principal financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2022. Our management s evaluation of our internal control over financial reporting was based on the
2013 framework in Internal Control-Integrated Framework, issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.
Based on this evaluation, our management concluded that as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was not
effective. This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm
pursuant to the rules of the SEC for emerging growth companies. 

The
ineffectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting was due to the following material weaknesses which we identified in
our internal control over financial reporting: (i) the lack of multiple levels of management review on complex business, accounting and
financial reporting issues, and (ii) we had not implemented adequate system and manual controls. Until such time as we expand our staff
to include additional accounting and executive personnel and accounting systems and procedures, it is likely we will continue to report
material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. 

A
material weakness is a deficiency or a combination of control deficiencies in internal control over financial reporting such that there
is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected
on a timely basis. 

Limitations
on Effectiveness of Controls 

Our
principal executive officers and principal financial officer do not expect that our disclosure controls or our internal control over
financial reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only
reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect
the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the
inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances
of fraud, if any, within our company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making
can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of a simple error or mistake. Additional controls can be circumvented by the individual
acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls
is also based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will
succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a
cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 

Changes
in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 

There
was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the year ended December 31, 2022, that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. However, subsequent to December
31, 2022, we implemented more formal review and documentation of workflow processes, and increased ERP training. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 

None. 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTION. 

None. 

28 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

Board
of Directors and Executive Officers 

The
following table sets forth the names, positions and ages of our current directors and executive officers. Each director is elected at
our annual meeting of stockholders and holds office for one year, or until his successor is elected and qualified. Officers are elected
by our Board of Directors and their terms of office are at the discretion of our Board. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position/Title 
 
 Robert
 D. Ferris 
 
 50 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, President and Chairman of the Board 
 
 John
 F. Givens II 
 
 58 
 
 Co-Chief
 Executive Officer and Director 
 
 Alanna
 Boudreau 
 
 43 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 Jeffrey
 D. Brown 
 
 58 
 
 Director 
 
 Gregg
 C.E. Johnson 
 
 57 
 
 Director 
 
 Jim
 McDonnell 
 
 63 
 
 Director 

Biographical
information concerning the directors and executive officers listed above is set forth below: 

Robert
D. Ferris . Mr. Ferris has been our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors since 2008 and has been
our President since founding Ferris Productions, Inc. Ferris Productions in 1993. Mr. Ferris has led VirTra in
providing the market with revolutionary simulation training products that today impact millions worldwide. He has been awarded
multiple patents, spoken at various trade shows, and has written or assisted with various ground-breaking articles and studies in
the fields of virtual reality and simulation technology. Mr. Ferris is considered one of the top experts in the world at applying
virtual reality and simulation technology to solve real world problems. Mr. Ferris attended the U.S. Air Force Academy and received
a Bachelor s Degree in Systems Engineering from the University of Arizona. We believe Mr. Ferris history as a founder,
officer and director of our company, and his management experience and industry knowledge, provide the requisite qualifications,
skills, perspectives and experience that make him well qualified to serve as Chairman of our Board of Directors. 

John
F. Givens II. Mr. Givens was appointed as Co-Chief Executive Officer as of April 11, 2022, and has served as a director of our
company since November 2, 2020. Mr. Givens has over 20 years experience as a board member, entrepreneur, and corporate executive.
He currently serves as a military board advisor to Bohemia Interactive Simulations (BISim), a global developer of advanced military simulation
and training software. In 2010, Mr. Givens established the US company of BISim, and as president, took military simulations products
from inception to production. Mr. Givens has achieved numerous awards and honors, including appointment to the board of directors of
the National Center for Simulation (NCS), an association of defense companies, and the Pioneer Awards for outstanding contributions
and innovations to the training and effectiveness of US and overseas soldiers, sailors, and airmen. Mr. Givens graduated with a Bachelor
of Science degree in Computer Science from the Florida Institute of Technology and proudly served in the United States Army. We believe
Mr. Givens history as founder and president of BISim, and his business development expertise, technology background and extensive management
experience provide the requisite qualifications, skills, perspectives, and experience that make him well qualified to serve on our Board
of Directors. 

Alanna
Boudreau. Ms. Boudreau was appointed as our Chief Financial Officer as of December 2022. She brings over 20 years of experience
in managerial, financial and operating functions, most recently serving as group controller for the 600 Group PLC (AIM: SIXH), a publicly
listed U.K.-based global industrial laser company. At The 600 Group, she oversaw all accounting activities for a business with over 30
million of revenues that included two manufacturing plants and offices in Orlando, Florida and United Kingdom. Prior to The 600 Group,
Boudreau was an Accounting Manager at Advent Health, a leading U.S.-based nonprofit health care company, where she oversaw accounting
functions for 12 locations. Boudreau graduated Summa Cum Laude from the New York Institute of Technology, receiving a Bachelor of Science
in Business Administration. She received an MBA from the University of Phoenix. 

29 

Jeffrey
D. Brown . Mr. Brown has served as a director of our company since 2011. Mr. Brown has been a Certified Public Accountant CPA since 1993 and a financial planning service provider for over 12 years, performing financial services for a wide range of companies.
From 2002 to 2004, Mr. Brown was the Chief Financial Officer for Gold Canyon Candles, a provider of fragranced candles and accessories
during a period of rapid growth in revenues. From 1990 to 1994, Mr. Brown was an auditor at Ernst Young performing audits for a
variety of organizations. Mr. Brown received a Bachelor of Science in Accounting from California State University, San Bernardino and
his CPA designation in 1993. We believe Mr. Brown s history as a financial and accounting services professional, and a former auditor
and management experience provide the requisite qualifications, skills, perspectives, and experience that make him well qualified to
serve on our Board of Directors. 

Gregg
C.E. Johnson. Mr. Johnson has served as a director of our company since November 2022. He received his law degree in 1988 from
Osgoode Hall Law School in Toronto, Canada, and was admitted as a lawyer in Alberta in 1989. He also has extensive experience in corporate
compliance and senior management of high-growth entrepreneurial companies. Since October 2021, Mr. Johnson has been the chief executive
officer of Serenus Global Inc., a privately held fast growing medical company based in Tempe, Arizona and Calgary, Alberta. From January
2017 to November 2021, he was the chief executive officer of Upeva, Inc., which provided business advisory services pertaining to capital
markets, corporate finance, mergers and acquisitions, crowdfunding, and NASDAQ compliance. Mr. Johnson was the primary advisor to our
board on our successful effort to list our stock on NASDAQ as well as a member of VirTra s Advisory Board. He has served as corporate
secretary and a director of Vivos Biotechnologies, Inc. (nka Vivos Therapeutics, Inc.), a company which focuses on the development and
commercialization of innovative biomedical treatment alternatives, from May 2016 to March 2018. His career has included experience in
all stages of public company development and venture capital for emerging growth companies across Canada and the United States. We believe
Mr. Johnson s experience in law, business, corporate compliance and emerging companies provide the requisite qualifications, skills,
perspectives, and experience that make him well qualified to serve on our Board of Directors. 

Jim
McDonnell. Mr. McDonnell has served as a director of our company since January 2023. He is a recognized public safety executive
and law enforcement leader. After a four-decade career in some of the most challenging areas and times in American policing, he has become
a sought-after voice on public safety, security, and counterterrorism issues across the nation. He is well known for his experience serving
as Sheriff of Los Angeles County (LASD), Chief of Police in Long Beach, California (LBPD), and First Assistant Chief of Police for the
Los Angeles Police Department (LAPD). Mr. McDonnell serves as a strategic advisor to several major corporations, municipal government
entities, a renowned university, and a non-profit global policy think tank, operating in a wide variety of technology, telecommunications,
medical, and public safety specialties. He also sits on several non-profit boards, including the YMCA of Metropolitan Los Angeles, the
Peace Officers Association of Los Angeles County, and the University of Southern California Price School of Public Policy s Board
of Councilors. Mr. McDonnell has a strong network of police executives across the nation at the federal, state, and local levels. He
regularly participates in state and national police executive conferences, including those hosted by the U.S. Department of Justice,
U.S. Department of State, Major County Sheriffs of America, Major Cities Chiefs Association, and the Police Executive Research Forum.
Sheriff McDonnell is frequently requested as a speaker by media outlets, corporate clients, and academic institutions. He brings a tremendous
level of knowledge and expertise in public safety, tactical training, operational growth, and command accountability, as well as an expansive
network within the nationwide policing community, which makes him well qualified to serve on our Board of Directors. 

There
are no family relationships between any of the executive officers and directors. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

None
of our directors, executive officers, significant employees or control persons has been involved in any legal proceeding listed in Item
401(f) of Regulation S-K in the past 10 years. 

Board
Composition 

Our
business and affairs are managed under the direction of our Board of Directors. The number of directors is fixed by our Board of Directors,
subject to our articles of incorporation and our bylaws. Currently, our Board of Directors consists of five directors. 

30 

Director
Independence 

Our
Board of Directors has undertaken a review of the independence of each director. Based on information provided by each director concerning
his or her background, employment and affiliations, our Board of Directors has determined that: (i) Messrs. Brown, Johnson and McDonnell
did not have a material relationship with us that could compromise their ability to exercise independent judgment in carrying out their
responsibilities and that each of these directors was independent as that term is defined under the listing standards of
NASDAQ and (ii) Messrs. Ferris and Givens were non-independent directors. Therefore, as of the date of this report, a majority of our
Board of Directors do not consist of independent directors as defined under the listing standards of NASDAQ. 

Board
Leadership Structure and Board s Role in Risk Oversight 

Our
Board of Directors has a Chairman, Mr. Ferris. The Chairman has authority, among other things, to preside over the Board meetings and
set the agenda for Board meetings. Accordingly, the Chairman has substantial ability to shape the work of our Board of Directors. Because
a majority of our Board of Directors will be independent, we believe that separation of the roles of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
is not necessary at this time to ensure appropriate oversight by the Board of Directors of our business and affairs. However, no single
leadership model is right for all companies and at all times. The Board of Directors recognizes that depending on the circumstances,
other leadership models, such as the appointment of a lead independent director, might be appropriate. Accordingly, the Board of Directors
may periodically review its leadership structure. In addition, the Board of Directors will hold executive sessions in which only independent
directors are present. 

Our
Board of Directors is generally responsible for the oversight of corporate risk in its review and deliberations relating to our activities.
Our principal source of risk falls into two categories, financial and product commercialization. The audit committee will oversee management
of financial risks; our Board of Directors regularly reviews information regarding our cash position, liquidity and operations, as well
as the risks associated with each. The Board of Directors regularly reviews plans, results and potential risks related to our product
development and commercialization efforts. Our compensation committee is expected to oversee risk management as it relates to our compensation
plans, policies and practices for all employees including executives and directors, particularly whether our compensation programs may
create incentives for our employees to take excessive or inappropriate risks which could have a material adverse effect on us. 

Board
Committees 

Our
Board of Directors has established three standing committees the audit committee, compensation committee, and nominating and corporate
governance committee each of which operates under a charter that has been approved by our Board of Directors. We have appointed
people to the Board of Directors and committees of the Board as required to meet the corporate governance requirements of the NASDAQ
Listing Rules. 

Audit
Committee 

We
have appointed three members of our Board of Directors to the audit committee, Messrs. Brown, Johnson and McDonnell. Mr. Brown serves
as the chairman of the audit committee and satisfies the definition of audit committee financial expert within the meaning
of SEC regulations and the NASDAQ Listing Rules. In making a determination on which member will qualify as a financial expert, our Board
of Directors considered the formal education and nature and scope of such members previous experience. 

31 

Our
audit committee is responsible for, among other things: 

To
 oversee our accounting and financial reporting and disclosure processes and the audit of our financial statements. 

To
 select and retain an independent registered public accounting firm to act as our independent auditor. 

To
 review with management, the internal audit department and our independent auditors the adequacy and effectiveness of our financial
 reporting processes, internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures, including any significant
 deficiencies or material weaknesses. 

To
 review and discuss with our independent auditors and management our annual audited financial statements (including the related notes),
 the form of audit opinion to be issued by the auditors on the financial statements and the disclosure under Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations to be included in our annual report on Form 10-K. 

To
 review and approve the functions of our accounting department and approve the hiring or dismissal of the Chief Accounting Officer,
 or such person as may, from time to time, be delegated such an internal audit function by the Board. 

To
 review and discuss with management policies and guidelines to govern the process by which management assesses and manages our risks. 

To
 establish and oversee procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal
 accounting controls or auditing matters and the confidential, anonymous submission by Company employees of concerns regarding questionable
 accounting or auditing matters. 

To
 review, approve and oversee any transaction between us and any related person and any other potential conflict of interest situations. 

To
 meet at least four times a year to fulfill its responsibilities. 

To
 review the audit committee charter at least annually and recommend any proposed changes to the Board for approval. 

Compensation
Committee 

We
have appointed three members of our Board of Directors, Messrs. Johnson, Brown and McDonnell, to the compensation committee. Our compensation
committee will assist our Board of Directors in the discharge of its responsibilities relating to the compensation of our executive officers. 

Our
compensation committee is responsible for, among other things: 

To
 review and approve the compensation of the co-Chief Executive Officers and to approve the compensation of all other executive officers. 

To
 review, and approve and, when appropriate, recommend to the Board for approval, any employment agreements and any severance arrangements
 or plans, including any benefits to be provided in connection with a change in control, for the CEO and other executive officers,
 which includes the ability to adopt, amend and terminate such agreements, arrangements or plans. 

To
 review our incentive compensation arrangements. 

To
 review and recommend to the Board for approval the frequency with which we will conduct Say on Pay Votes. 

To
 review the director s compensation for service on the Board and Board committees at least once a year and to recommend any
 changes to the Board. 

To
 meet at least two times a year. 

To
 review the compensation committee charter at least annually and recommend any proposed changes to the Board for approval. 

Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee 

We
have appointed three members of our Board of Directors, Messrs. Johnson, Brown and McDonnell, to the nominating and corporate governance
committee. Mr. Johnson serves as the chairman of the nominating and corporate governance committee. 

32 

Our
nominating and corporate governance committee is responsible for, among other things: 

To
 determine the qualifications, qualities, skills, and other expertise required to be a director and to develop, and recommend to the
 Board for its approval, criteria to be considered in selecting nominees for director. 

To
 select and approve the nominees for director to be submitted to a stockholder vote at the annual meeting of stockholders. 

To
 review the Board s committee structure and composition and to appoint directors to serve as members of each committee and committee
 chairmen. 

To
 develop and recommend to the Board for approval standards for determining whether a director has a relationship with us that would
 impair its independence. 

To
 review and discuss with management the disclosure regarding the operations of the nominating and corporate governance committee and
 director independence, and to recommend that this disclosure be included in our proxy statement or annual report on Form 10-K, as
 applicable. 

To
 monitor compliance with our Code of Ethics and Business Conduct (the Code of Ethics ), to investigate any alleged breach
 or violation of the Code of Ethics and to enforce the provisions of the Code of Ethics. 

To
 meet at least two times a year. 

To
 review the nominating and corporate governance committee charter at least annually and recommend any proposed changes to the Board
 for approval 

Code
of Ethics and Business Conduct and Whistleblower Protection Policy 

We
have adopted a written Code of Ethics, which outlines the principles of legal and ethical business conduct under which we do business.
In addition, we have adopted a written Whistleblower Protection Policy to prevent adverse employment action of any kind against any of
our employees who lawfully report information about (i) fraudulent activities within our company (including wire fraud, mail fraud and
bank fraud), (ii) violations of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act pertaining to fraud against stockholders of the Company, (iii) questionable accounting,
internal accounting controls or auditing matters of the Company, and (iv) conduct by our executives that violate our Code of Ethics,
or that cause reports and other public disclosures by us that are not full, fair and accurate. To advance this commitment, we have adopted
this Whistleblower Protection Policy. The Code of Ethics and Whistleblower Protection Policy are applicable to all our directors, officers
and employees and are available on our corporate website, www.virtra.com. We intend to disclose any amendments to our Code of Ethics,
or waivers of its requirements, on our website or in filings under the Exchange Act to the extent required by applicable rules and exchange
requirements. 

Director
Compensation 

2022
Director Compensation Table 

Name 
 Fees 
 earned or 
 paid in 
 cash 
 Stock 
 Awards 
 Option 
 Awards 
 Non-equity 
 incentive 
 plan 
 compensation 
 Nonqualified 
 deferred 
 compensation 
 earnings 
 All Other 
 Compensation 
 Total 

Jeffrey D. Brown 
 24,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 24,000 
 
 John F. Givens II (1) 
 8,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 8,000 
 
 James Richardson 
 24,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 24,000 
 
 Gregg C.E. Johnson (2) 
 3,600 

3,600 

(1) Mr.
 Givens became an officer of the Company in April 2022. Accordingly, he was paid fees as a
 director only for the first quarter of 2022. 
 
 (2) Mr.
 Johnson was elected to the Board of Directors in November 2022. 

We
approved the payments of quarterly and annual cash retainers to each non-employee director (Messrs. Brown, Givens, Richardson and Johnson)
to cover all Board and committee meetings, actions by written consent, and attendance fees. The cash retainers are in lieu of previously
Board-approved awards of stock options and any other compensation to non-employee directors for serving on the Board of directors and
committees. We reimburse our non-employee directors for reasonable travel expenses incurred in attending Board and committee meetings.
We also may allow our non-employee directors to participate in any equity compensation plans that we have adopted or may adopt in the
future. Historically, our directors that are our employees, have not received compensation for their service as directors. 

33 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The
following table summarizes all compensation recorded by us in the past two fiscal years for: 

our
 principal executive officer or other individual acting in a similar capacity during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, 

our
 two most highly compensated executive officers, other than our principal executive officers, who were serving as executive officers
 on December 31, 2022, and 

up
 to two additional individuals for whom disclosure would have been provided but for the fact that the individual was not serving as
 an executive officer on December 31, 2022. 

For
definitional purposes, these individuals are sometimes referred to as the named executive officers. 

2022
Summary Compensation Table 

Fiscal 

Stock 
 Option 
 All Other 

Name and 
 Year 
 Salary 
 Bonus 
 Awards 
 Awards 
 Compensation 
 Total 
 
 Principal
 Position 
 Ended 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Robert D. Ferris 
 12/31/2022
 
 360,481 
 - 
 80,702 
 - 
 - 
 441,183 
 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer 
 12/31/2021
 
 298,226 
 8,194 
 160,000 
 - 
 - 
 466,420 

John F. Givens II (1) 
 12/31/2022
 
 188,065 
 - 
 414,914 
 
 - 
 602,979 
 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer 

Matthew D. Burlend (2) 
 12/31/2022
 
 343,224 
 - 
 20,550 
 - 
 - 
 363,774 
 
 Chief Operating Officer 
 12/31/2021
 
 237,299 
 7,354 
 120,000 
 - 
 - 
 364,653 

Marsha J. Foxx (3) 
 12/31/2022
 
 156,827 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 156,827 
 
 Chief Accounting Officer 
 12/31/2021
 
 140,000 
 266 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 140,266 

(1) 
 Mr.
 Givens became the Co-Chief Executive Officer in April 2022. 

(2) 
 Mr.
 Burlend left the Company in August 2022. 

(3) 
 Ms.
 Foxx left the Company in August 2022. 

Executive
Employment Agreements 

On
April 2, 2012, we entered into three-year Employment Agreements with each of Messrs. Ferris and Burlend that call for base annual salaries
of 195,000 and 175,000, respectively, subject to increases based on the cost of living at a minimum. The agreements automatically extend
for additional periods of one year. These contracts have been renewed annually with upward adjustments each year applying the same percentage
increase approved for Company-wide cost-of-living adjustments. On January 1, 2021, Messrs. Ferris and Burlend s annual base
salaries were 248,791 and 223,274, respectively. The employment agreements entitle these executives to an annual cash bonus determined
by our Board of Directors based on our performance. In addition, the agreements entitle these executives to participate in any stock
option or restricted stock plan adopted by our Board of Directors. The amount of an award under any such plan and the vesting terms shall
be as determined by the Board. In addition, we provide the executives with family medical insurance, 15,000 in life insurance, and participation
in a 401(k)-retirement plan. 

34 

Pursuant
to the terms of the employment agreements, we may terminate an executive s employment for cause as defined in the employment agreement
and such cause is deemed to exist as determined by our Board of Directors at a Board meeting at which the executive and his counsel are
first given the opportunity to address the Board with respect to such determination. If Messrs. Ferris or Burlend is terminated by us
for any reason other than for cause, or if either of them voluntarily terminate their own respective employment for good reason but not
including a change in control, then we shall, subject to the terms of the respective employment agreements, be obligated to pay the executive
who terminated his employment an amount equal to the greater of (a) the executive s annual base salary in effect on the day preceding
the date of such termination or (b) the executive s annual base salary during the twelve full calendar months preceding the date
of such termination, times three. If a change of control of our company occurs while the executive is our employee and within 36 months
from the date of such change in control we terminate the executive s employment for any reason (except for the death or disability
of the executive or for Cause) or the executive terminates his employment for any reason, then we shall, subject to certain limitations,
pay the executive any earned and accrued but unpaid base salary through the date of termination plus an amount of severance pay equal
to the greater of (a) the executive s annual base salary in effect on the day preceding the date on which the change of control
occurred or (b) the executive s annual base salary during the twelve full calendar months preceding the date on which the change
of control occurred, times four. In addition, any stock options awarded to the executives shall immediately vest and become exercisable
upon a change of control. If the executive is terminated for any reason other than the executive s voluntary termination for good
reason as defined in the employment agreement, the executive whose employment has been terminated is prohibited for a period of two years
from the date of termination of the employment agreement from direct competition with us and shall not solicit any of our employees or
customers. The employment agreements require us to indemnify each of the respective executives to the fullest extent permitted under
Nevada law, our articles of incorporation and bylaws, which ever affords the greater protection to the executive. 

On
August 26, 2021, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors, relying upon third-party studies and recommendations, took several
actions to bring the compensation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Chief Operating Officer (COO) up to industry
standards and provide meaningful incentive for future performance. The Committee (1) approved grants of 224,133 and 168,090 performance-based
restricted stock units pursuant to the Company s 2017 Equity Incentive Plan to the Company s CEO and COO, respectively; (2)
approved grants of 14,057 and 10,543 restricted shares to the CEO and COO, respectively, based on the Company s performance for
the twelve months ended June 30, 2021; and (3) increased the annual base salaries effective August 15, 2021 to 349,860 and 251,140
for the CEO and COO, respectively. While their salaries have been annually increased with Company-wide cost-of-living adjustments, this
was the first comprehensive review and adjustment undertaken since 2012. 

Beginning
on the last business day of August 2022, a tranche of restricted stock units, having approximate values of 40,000 and 30,000 for the
CEO and COO, respectively, based on current prices, may vest if the Company has achieved net profit for the twelve months ending June
30, 2022, of at least 2,500,000. For every 500,000 earned more than 2,500,000 another tranche will vest. If the maximum net profit
of 7,000,000 is achieved, ten tranches would vest. Similarly, on the last business day of August 2023, a tranche of restricted stock
units may vest if the Company has achieved a net profit of at least 3,000,000, with the potential to have additional tranches vest up
to a maximum of 9,000,000 in net profit. This vesting arrangement continues with the last business day of August 2024, with the minimum
net profit threshold being 3,500,000 and the maximum net profit being 11,000,000. 

The
vesting schedule notwithstanding, the Compensation Committee shall have the discretion to declare the vesting of any number of restricted
stock units should the Company experience unusual results of operations, such as falling below the net profit threshold one year and
exceeding the maximum net profit the following year, so long as the total number of restricted stock units declared to be vested does
not exceed the amount awarded. Additionally, while a maximum net profit per year has been set for allocation of the available shares
at this time, it is very possible that the Company will exceed these levels during the next 3 years and if such performance occurs, the
Compensation Committee will meet to determine if additional compensation is in the best interests of the Company at that time. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, Matthew Burlend (the Company s former Chief Operating Officer) redeemed 7,500 previously awarded
options reaching expiration. The redemptions resulted in 20,550 of additional compensation expense. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, Bob Ferris (the Co-Chief Executive Officer) redeemed 20,000 previously awarded options reaching expiration.
The redemptions resulted in 54,051 of additional compensation expense. 

35 

On
April 11, 2022, John F. Givens II was appointed as the Co-Chief Executive Officer of the Company. VirTra has agreed to pay Mr. Givens
an initial annual base salary of 298,990, subject to annual review. VirTra issued Mr. Givens a signing bonus of 64,815 shares of common
stock which are restricted from transfer until the earlier of: i) 12 months of employment having lapsed or ii) the Company terminating
employment with Mr. Givens without cause. 

Mr.
Givens was also granted 288,889 performance-based restricted stock units pursuant to the Company s 2017 Equity Incentive Plan.
Beginning on the last business day of August 2022, a tranche of restricted stock units, having an approximate value of 40,000, based
on current prices, may vest if the Company has achieved net profit for the twelve months ending June 30, 2022, of at least 2,500,000.
For every 500,000 earned more than 2,500,000 another tranche will vest. If the maximum net profit of 7,000,000 is achieved, ten tranches
would vest. Similarly, on the last business day of August 2023, a tranche of restricted stock units may vest if the Company has achieved
a net profit of at least 3,000,000, with the potential to have additional tranches vest up to a maximum of 9,000,000 in net profit.
This vesting arrangement continues with the last business day of August 2024, with the minimum net profit threshold being 3,500,000
and the maximum net profit being 11,000,000. 

The
vesting schedule notwithstanding, the Compensation Committee shall have the discretion to declare the vesting of any number of restricted
stock units should the Company experience unusual results of operations, such as falling below the net profit threshold one year and
exceeding the maximum net profit the following year, so long as the total number of restricted stock units declared to be vested does
not exceed the amount awarded. Additionally, while a maximum net profit per year has been set for allocation of the available shares
at this time, it is very possible that the Company will exceed these levels during the next 3 years and if such performance occurs, the
Compensation Committee will meet to determine if additional compensation is in the best interests of the Company at that time. 

On
August 31, 2022, the Company determined based on the vesting terms described above that the net profit (net income under GAAP) for the
twelve months ending June 30, 2022, was 2,720,015 and therefore awarded 5,747 (prior to deduction of 1,840 shares to pay the tax withholding
liability) and 7,407 shares of common stock to its Co-Chief Executive Officers. 

Employee
Benefit and Equity Incentive Plans 

Stock
Options 

Prior
to October 2017, we periodically issued non-qualified incentive stock options to the directors under a stock option compensation plan
approved by the Board of Directors in 2009. Terms of option grants are at the discretion of the Board of Directors and are generally
seven years. These awards were suspended as of October 1, 2017. As of December 31, 2022, there were 45,000 options outstanding and 45,000
options exercisable at a weighted exercise price of 4.26 and 4.26, respectively. 

On
March 9, 2016, our Board of Directors approved a program under which we may repurchase outstanding vested Company stock options on an
exception basis. Under the terms of the program, our Chief Executive Officer may cause us to redeem for cash any positive stock options
for the net value of the stock option (stock price on the redemption date minus strike price). The cash redemption of stock options held
by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Operating Officer must be approved by our independent directors. We retain the right to reject
any redemption request that is not in the best interest of our company. 

Profit
Sharing 

We
have a discretionary profit-sharing program that pays out a percentage of our profits each year as a cash bonus to active and eligible
employees. The cash payment is typically split into two equal payments and distributed pro-rata to employees in good standing at the
time of distribution in April and October of the following year after the completion of the annual financial audit. For the years ending
December 31, 2022, and 2021, the amount expensed to operations for this program was 294,705 and 139,682, respectively. 

36 

2017
Equity Incentive Plan 

On
August 23, 2017, our Board approved, subject to stockholder approval at the annual meeting of stockholders on October 6, 2017, the VirTra,
Inc. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan (the Equity Plan ). The Equity Plan is intended to make available incentives that will assist
us to attract, retain and motivate employees, including officers, consultants and directors. We may provide these incentives through
the grant of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance shares and units and other
cash or stock-based awards. 

A
total of 1,187,500 shares of our Common Stock were initially authorized and reserved for issuance under the Equity Plan. This reserve
automatically increased on January 1, 2019, and will automatically increase each subsequent anniversary through 2027, by an amount equal
to the smaller of (a) 3 of the number of shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding on the immediately preceding December 31, or
(b) an amount determined by the Board. 

Appropriate
adjustments will be made in the number of authorized shares and other numerical limits in the Equity Plan and in outstanding awards to
prevent dilution or enlargement of participants rights in the event of a stock split or other change in our capital structure.
Shares subject to awards which expire or are cancelled or forfeited will again become available for issuance under the Equity Plan. The
shares available will not be reduced by awards settled in cash or by shares withheld to satisfy tax withholding obligations. Only the
net number of shares issued upon the exercise of stock appreciation rights or options exercised by means of a net exercise or by tender
of previously owned shares will be deducted from the shares available under the Equity Plan. 

The
Equity Plan will be generally administered by the compensation committee of our Board of Directors. Subject to the provisions of the
Equity Plan, the compensation committee will determine in its discretion the persons to whom and the times at which awards are granted,
the sizes of such awards and all of their terms and conditions. However, the compensation committee may delegate to one or more of our
officers the authority to grant awards to persons who are not officers or directors, subject to certain limitations contained in the
Equity Plan and award guidelines established by the committee. The compensation committee will have the authority to construe and interpret
the terms of the Equity Plan and awards granted under it. The Equity Plan provides, subject to certain limitations, for indemnification
by us of any director, officer or employee against all reasonable expenses, including attorneys fees, incurred in connection with
any legal action arising from such person s action or failure to act in administering the Equity Plan. 

The
Equity Plan authorized the compensation committee, without further stockholder approval, to provide for the cancellation of stock options
or stock appreciation rights with exercise prices more than the fair market value of the underlying shares of Common Stock in exchange
for new options or other equity awards with exercise prices equal to the fair market value of the underlying Common Stock or a cash payment. 

The
Equity Plan limits the grant date fair value of all equity awards and the amount of cash compensation that may be provided to a non-employee
director in any fiscal year to an aggregate of 300,000. 

Awards
may be granted under the Equity Plan to our employees, including officers, directors or consultants or those of any present or future
parent or subsidiary corporation or other affiliated entity. All awards will be evidenced by a written agreement between us and the holder
of the award and may include any of the following: 

Stock
 options . We may grant non-statutory stock options or incentive stock options (as described in Section 422 of the Internal Revenue
 Code of 1986, as amended), each of which gives its holder the right, during a specified term (not exceeding 10 years) and subject
 to any specified vesting or other conditions, to purchase a number of shares of our Common Stock at an exercise price per share determined
 by the administrator, which may not be less than the fair market value of a share of our Common Stock on the date of grant. 

Stock
 appreciation rights . A stock appreciation right gives its holder the right, during a specified term (not exceeding 10 years)
 and subject to any specified vesting or other conditions, to receive the appreciation in the fair market value of our Common Stock
 between the date of grant of the award and the date of its exercise. We may pay the appreciation in shares of our Common Stock or
 in cash. 

Restricted
 stock . The administrator may grant restricted stock awards either as a bonus or as a purchase right at such price as the administrator
 determines. Shares of restricted stock remain subject to forfeiture until vested, based on such terms and conditions as the administrator
 specifies. Holders of restricted stock will have the right to vote on the shares and to receive any dividends paid, except that the
 dividends will be subject to the same vesting conditions as the related shares. 

37 

Restricted
 stock units . Restricted stock units represent the right to receive shares of our Common Stock (or their value in cash) at a future
 date without payment of a purchase price, subject to vesting or other conditions specified by the administrator. Holders of restricted
 stock units have no voting rights or rights to receive cash dividends unless and until shares of Common Stock are issued in settlement
 of such awards. However, the administrator may grant restricted stock units that entitle their holders to dividend equivalent rights
 subject to the same vesting conditions as the related units. 

Performance
 shares and performance units . Performance shares and performance units are awards that will result in a payment to their holder
 only if specified performance goals are achieved during a specified performance period. Performance share awards are rights denominated
 in shares of our Common Stock, while performance unit awards are rights denominated in dollars. The administrator establishes the
 applicable performance goals based on one or more measures of business performance enumerated in the Equity Plan, such as revenue,
 gross margin, net income or total stockholder return. To the extent earned, performance share and unit awards may be settled in cash
 or in shares of our Common Stock. Holders of performance shares or performance units have no voting rights or rights to receive cash
 dividends unless and until shares of Common Stock are issued in settlement of such awards. However, the administrator may grant performance
 shares that entitle their holders to dividend equivalent rights subject to the same vesting conditions as the related units. 

Cash-based
 awards and other stock-based awards . The administrator may grant cash-based awards that specify a monetary payment or range of
 payments or other stock-based awards that specify a number or range of shares or units that, in either case, are subject to vesting
 or other conditions specified by the administrator. Settlement of these awards may be in cash or shares of our Common Stock, as determined
 by the administrator. Their holder will have no voting rights or right to receive cash dividends unless and until shares of our Common
 Stock are issued pursuant to the award. The administrator may grant dividend equivalent rights with respect to other stock-based
 awards. 

In
the event of a change in control as described in the Equity Plan, the acquiring or successor entity may assume or continue all or any
awards outstanding under the Equity Plan or substitute substantially equivalent awards. Any awards which are not assumed or continued
in connection with a change in control or are not exercised or settled prior to the change in control will terminate effective as of
the time of the change in control. The compensation committee may provide for the acceleration of vesting of any or all outstanding awards
upon such terms and to such extent as it determines, except that the vesting of all awards held by members of the Board of Directors
who are not employees will automatically be accelerated in full. The Equity Plan also authorizes the compensation committee, in its discretion
and without the consent of any participant, to cancel each or any outstanding award denominated in shares upon a change in control in
exchange for a payment to the participant with respect to each share subject to the cancelled award of an amount equal to the excess
of the consideration to be paid per share of Common Stock in the change in control transaction over the exercise price per share, if
any, under the award. 

The
Equity Plan will continue in effect until it is terminated by the administrator, provided, however, that all awards will be granted,
if at all, within 10 years of its effective date. The administrator may amend, suspend or terminate the Equity Plan at any time, provided
that without stockholder approval, the plan cannot be amended to increase the number of shares authorized, change the class of persons
eligible to receive incentive stock options, or effect any other change that would require stockholder approval under any applicable
law or listing rule. 

38 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at 2022 Fiscal Year-End 

The
following table provides information concerning unexercised options, stock that has not vested and equity incentive plan awards for each
named executive officer outstanding as of December 31, 2022: 

OPTION AWARDS 
 
 Name 
 Grant 
 Date 
 Number of 
 Securities 
 Underlying 
 Unexercised 
 Options (#) 
 Exercisable 
 Number of 
 Securities 
 Underlying 
 Unexercised 
 Options (#) 
 Un 
 exercisable 
 Equity 
 Incentive 
 Plan 
 Awards: 
 Number of 
 Securities 
 Underlying 
 Unexercised 
 Unearned 
 Options (#) 
 Option 
 Exercise 
 Price 
 ) 
 Option 
 Expiration 
 Date 
 
 Robert D. Ferris 
 4/1/2016 
 5,000 
 - 
 - 
 2.23 
 4/1/2023 

7/1/2016 
 5,000 
 - 
 - 
 4.19 
 7/1/2023 

10/1/2016 
 5,000 
 - 
 - 
 5.88 
 10/1/2023 

1/1/2017 
 5,000 
 - 
 - 
 5.20 
 1/1/2024 

4/1/2017 
 5,000 
 - 
 - 
 4.30 
 4/1/2024 

7/1/2017 
 5,000 
 - 
 - 
 3.76 
 7/1/2024 
 
 Total 
 
 30,000 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

The
following table sets forth securities authorized for issuance under any equity compensation plans approved by our stockholders as well
as any equity compensation plans not approved by our stockholders as of December 31, 2022. 

Number
 of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (a) 
 Weighted 
 average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (b) 
 Number
 of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding 
 securities reflected in column (a) (c) 
 
 Plan category 

Plans approved by our stockholders: 

VirTra, Inc. 2017 Equity Incentive
 Plan 
 - 
 - 
 1,259,819 

Plans not approved by stockholders: 

Stock Option Plan (1) 
 234,167 
 2.47 
 - 

(1)
Prior to the approval of the VirTra, Inc. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan, we periodically issued non-qualified stock options to key employees,
officers and directors under a stock option compensation plan approved solely by the Board of Directors since 2009. The terms of the
options granted were at the discretion of the Board of Directors and were generally seven years in term prior to expiration. 

39 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

The
following table sets forth information about the beneficial ownership of our Common Stock at March 30, 2023 for: 

each
 person known to us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our Common Stock; 

each
 named executive officer; 

each
 of our directors; and 

all
 of our executive officers and directors as a group. 

Unless
otherwise noted below, the address for each beneficial owner listed on the table is in the care of VirTra, Inc., 295 E. Corporate Place,
Chandler AZ 85225. We have determined beneficial ownership in accordance with the rules of the SEC. Except as indicated by the footnotes
below, we believe, based on the information furnished to us, that the persons and entities named in the tables below have sole voting
and investment power with respect to all shares of Common Stock that they beneficially own, subject to applicable community property
laws. We have based our calculation of the percentage of beneficial ownership on 10,924,274 shares of our Common Stock outstanding as
of March 30, 2023 

In
computing the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by a person and the percentage ownership of that person, we deemed
outstanding shares of Common Stock subject to options or issuable upon conversion of preferred stock held by that person that are currently
exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of March 30, 2023. We did not deem these shares outstanding, however, for the purpose of computing
the percentage ownership of any other person. 

Name of
 Beneficial Owner 
 Amount and Nature 
 of Beneficial 
 Ownership 
 Percent
 of Class 
 
 Directors
 and Named Executive Officers: 

Robert D. Ferris
 (1) 
 420,183 
 3.8 
 
 John F. Givens II 
 84,772 

Jeffrey D. Brown (2) 
 46,693 

Jim McDonnell 
 10,684 

Gregg C.E. Johnson 
 2,100 

Alanna Boudreau 
 - 
 - 
 
 All named executive officers and directors
 as a group (six persons) 
 564,432 
 5.2 

Represents less than 1 

(1) 
 The
 number of shares beneficially owned by Mr. Ferris includes: 400,183 shares of our Common Stock presently outstanding, and options
 to purchase 20,000 shares of our Common Stock at prices ranging from 3.76 to 5.88. 

(2) 
 The
 number of shares beneficially owned by Mr. Brown includes: 36,693 shares of our Common Stock presently outstanding and options to
 purchase 10,000 shares of our Common Stock at per share prices ranging from 3.76 to 5.88. 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

In
addition to the compensation arrangements, including employment, termination of employment and change in control arrangements and indemnification
arrangements, discussed in Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance and Item 11. Executive
Compensation above, the following is a description of each transaction since January 1, 2022, and each currently proposed transaction
in which: 

We
 have been or will be a participant; 

40 

the
 amount involved exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or one percent of the average of our total assets at year-end for the last two completed
 fiscal years; and 

any
 of our directors, executive officers or beneficial owners of more than 5 of our capital stock, or any immediate family member of,
 or person sharing the household with, any of these individuals, had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively, the Company did not issue stock options to the Co-Chief Executive Officer,
Chief Operating Officer or the members of the Board of Directors. Restricted stock units were awarded to the Co-Chief Executive Officers
and Chief Operating Officer in 2022 and 2021 as disclosed in Item 11 above. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company redeemed 27,500 and 35,000, respectively, previously awarded options reaching
expiration from related parties, including the Company s Co-Chief Executive Officer, Chief Operating Officer and one employee.
These redemptions eliminated the stock options and resulted in a total of 74,368 and 168,575 in additional compensation expense in
2022 and 2021, respectively. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, related parties exercised 17,500 and 7,500 previously awarded options for the exercise price
of 40,845 and 11,320, respectively, resulting in purchase and issuance of Common Stock to the Chief Executive Officer and one member
of the Board of Directors. 

Mr.
Richardson, who is a member of our Board of Directors until December 2022, was acting CEO of Natural Point, Inc. until May 14, 2021,
a vendor of the Company. In 2021, the Company purchased specialized equipment from Natural Point in the amount of 33,840. On December
31, 2021, the Company had an outstanding balance payable to Natural Point of 0. 

ITEM
14 . PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. 

The
following table shows the fees that were billed for the audit and other services provided by Haynie Company, and MaloneBailey LLP MaloneBailey ), our independent registered public accounting firms, for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021. 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit Fees 
 141,664 
 61,500 
 
 Audit-Related Fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Tax Fees 
 55,500 
 14,000 
 
 All Other Fees 
 _____ 
 20,500 
 
 Total (1) 
 197,164 
 96,000 

(1) 
 This
 amount does not include 106,567 paid to Eide Bally for their work on the 2021 audit. 

Audit
Fees - This category includes the audit of our annual financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, review of
financial statements included in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and services that are normally provided by the independent registered
public accounting firm in connection with engagements for those fiscal years. This category also includes advice on audit and accounting
matters that arose during, or because of, the audit or the review of interim financial statements. 

Audit-Related
Fees - This category consists of assurance and related services by the independent registered public accounting firm that are reasonably
related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported above under Audit Fees. 
The services for the fees disclosed under this category include consultation regarding our correspondence with the SEC, other accounting
consulting and other audit services. 

Tax
Fees - This category consists of professional services rendered by our independent registered public accounting firm for tax compliance
and tax advice. The services for the fees disclosed under this category include tax return preparation and technical tax advice. 

All
Other Fees - This category consists of fees for other miscellaneous items. 

Pursuant
to the audit committee s charter, all audit and permissible non-audit services provided by the independent registered public accounting
firm must be pre-approved. These services may include audit services, audit-related services, tax services and other services. Pre-approval
is generally provided for up to one year and any pre-approval is detailed as to the service or category of service. The independent registered
public accounting firm and management are required to periodically report to the audit committee regarding the extent of services provided
by the independent registered public accounting firm. Consistent with the audit committee s policy, all audit and permissible non-audit
services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021, and 2020 were
pre-approved by the audit committee. 

In
considering the nature of the services provided by the independent registered public accounting firms for the fiscal year ended December
31, 2022, the audit committee determined that such services were compatible with the provision of independent audit services. The audit
committee discussed these services with the independent registered public accounting firms and management for the fiscal year ended December
31, 2022, to determine that they were permitted under the rules and regulations concerning auditors independence promulgated by
the SEC to implement the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, as well as rules of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. 

41 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBIT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

(a)(1)
Financial Statements 

The
consolidated financial statements and Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm are listed in the Index to Financial Statements
on page F-1 and included beginning on page F-2. 

(2)
Financial Statement Schedules 

All
schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting regulations of the SEC are either not required under the related instructions,
are not applicable (and therefore have been omitted), or the required disclosures are contained in the financial statements included
herein. 

(3)
Exhibits. 

Exhibit 
 No. 
 
 Exhibit
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Articles
 of Incorporation of VirTra, Inc. filed September 22, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the registrant s Offering
 Circular on Form 1-A (File No. 024-10739) filed with the Commission on September 11, 2017). 

3.2 
 
 Certificate
 of Change of VirTra, Inc. filed on October 7, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to the registrant s Offering Circular
 on Form 1-A (File No. 024-10739) filed with the Commission on September 11, 2017). 

3.3 
 
 Certificate
 of Change of VirTra, Inc. filed on February 12, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.3 to the registrant s Post-Qualification
 Offering Circular Amendment No. 1 to Form 1-A (File No. 024-10739) filed with the Commission on February 21, 2018). 

3.4 
 
 Bylaws
 of VirTra, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.4 to the registrant s Offering Circular on Form 1-A (File No. 024-10739)
 filed with the Commission on September 11, 2017). 

10.1 
 
 Employment
 Agreement dated April 2, 2012 between VirTra Systems, Inc. and Robert Ferris (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 6.2 to the registrant s
 Offering Circular on Form 1-A (File No. 024-10739) filed with the Commission on September 11, 2017). 

10.2 
 
 Employment
 Agreement dated April 2, 2012 between VirTra Systems, Inc. and Matt Burlend (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 6.3 to the registrant s
 Offering Circular on Form 1-A (File No. 024-10739) filed with the Commission on September 11, 2017). 

10.3 
 
 2017
 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 6.6 to the registrant s Offering Circular on Form 1-A (File No.
 024-10739) filed with the Commission on September 11, 2017). 

10.4 
 
 Form
 of Stock Option Agreement for 2017 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 6.6 to the registrant s Offering
 Circular on Form 1-A (File No. 024-10739) filed with the Commission on September 11, 2017). 

10.5 
 
 Form
 of Notice of Grant of Stock Option for 2017 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 6.7 to the registrant s
 Offering Circular on Form 1-A (File No. 024-10739) filed with the Commission on September 11, 2017). 

10.6 
 
 Restricted
 Stock Unit Agreement Robert D. Ferris (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s current report
 on Form 8-K (File No. 001-38420) filed August 27, 2021). 

42 

10.7 
 
 Promissory
 Note to Arizona Bank Trust dated August 25, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s current
 report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-38420) filed August 30, 2021). 

10.8 
 
 Deed
 of Trust in favor of Arizona Bank Trust dated August 25, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the registrant s
 current report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-38420) filed August 30, 2021). 

10.9 
 
 Assignment
 of Rents granted to Arizona Bank Trust dated August 25, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the registrant s
 current report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-38420) filed August 30, 2021). 

10.10 
 
 Restricted
 Stock Unit Agreement John F. Givens II (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the registrant s annual report
 on Form 10-K (File No. 001-38420) filed August 2, 2022). 

21.1 
 
 List
 of Subsidiaries. 

24.1 
 
 Power
 of Attorney (set forth on signature page hereto). 

31.1 
 
 Certification
 of Principal Executive Officer. 

31.2 
 
 Certification
 of Principal Executive Officer. 

31.3 
 
 Certification
 of Principal Financial Officer. 

32.1 
 
 Certification
 of Principal Executive Officers and Principal Financial Officer. 

101.INS 
 
 XBRL
 Instance 

101.SCH 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Schema 

101.CAL 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Calculation 

101.DEF 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Definition 

101.LAB 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Labels 

101.PRE 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Presentation 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Management contract, compensation plan or arrangement. 

ITEM
16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

43 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

VIRTRA,
 INC. 

Date:
 March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Robert D. Ferris 

Robert
 D. Ferris 

Co-Chief
 Executive Officer and President 

Date:
 March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 John F. Givens II 

John
 F. Givens II 

Co-Chief
 Executive Officer 

Date:
 March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Alanna Boudreau 

Alanna
 Boudreau 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

POWER
OF ATTORNEY 

The
registrant and each person whose signature appears below hereby appoint Robert D. Ferris and John F. Givens II, and each of them, as
attorneys-in-fact with full power of substitution, severally, to execute in the name and on behalf of the registrant and each such person,
individually and in each capacity stated below, one or more amendments to the annual report on Form 10-K, which amendments may make such
changes in the report as the attorney-in-fact acting deems appropriate and to file any such amendment to the report with the Securities
and Exchange Commission. 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on March 31, 2023. 

Name 
 
 Title 

/s/
 Robert D. Ferris 
 
 Co-Chief
 Executive Officer, President, and Chairman of the Board (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 Robert
 D. Ferris 

Co-Chief
 Executive Officer and Director 
 
 /s/
 John F. Givens II 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 
 
 John
 F. Givens II 

/s/
 Alanna Boudreau 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 Alanna
 Boudreau 

/s/
 Jeffrey D. Brown 
 
 Director 
 
 Jeffrey
 D. Brown 

/s/
 Gregg C.E. Johnson 
 
 Director 
 
 Gregg
 C.E. Johnson 

/s/
 James McDonnell 
 
 Director

James
 Richardson 

44 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit
21.1 

VirTra,
Inc. 

Subsidiaries 

None. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
Robert D. Ferris, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, of VirTra, Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, considering the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 31, 2023 
 /s/
 Robert D. Ferris 

Robert
 D. Ferris 

Co-Chief
 Executive Officer and President (principal executive officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
John F. Givens II, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, of VirTra, Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, considering the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 31, 2023 
 /s/
 John F. Givens II 

John
 F. Givens II 

Co-Chief
 Executive Officer (principal executive officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-31.3>
 5
 ex31-3.htm

Exhibit
31.3 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
Alanna Boudreau, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, of VirTra, Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, considering the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 31, 2023 
 /s/
 Alanna Boudreau 

Alanna
 Boudreau 

Chief
 Financial Officer (principal financial officer 

</EX-31.3>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the annual report on Form 10-K of VirTra, Inc. (the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), we, Robert D. Ferris, Co-Chief Executive Officer, John
F. Givens II, Co-Chief Executive Officer, and Alanna Boudreau, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of our knowledge: 

1.
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2.
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of
the Company. 

Date:
 March 31, 2023 
 /s/
 Robert D. Ferris 

Robert
 D. Ferris, Co-Chief Executive Officer and President (principal executive officer) 

Date:
 March 31, 2023 
 /s/
 John F. Givens II 

John
 F. Givens II, Co-Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) 

Date:
 March 31, 2023 
 /s/
 Alanna Boudreau 

Alanna
 Boudreau, Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 vtsi-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 vtsi-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 vtsi-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 vtsi-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

