<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1840425_0000898432-23-000193.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3122506</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>274999</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>612934</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>699531</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>716796</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>687202</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000898432-23-000193.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331161548
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000898432-23-000193
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		39
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Bellevue Life Sciences Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001840425
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				845052822
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41390
		FILM NUMBER:		23787868

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10900 NE 4TH STREET, SUITE 2300
		CITY:			BELLEVUE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98004
		BUSINESS PHONE:		425-635-7700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10900 NE 4TH STREET, SUITE 2300
		CITY:			BELLEVUE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98004

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000898432-23-000193.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 blac-20221231.htm

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON, DC 20549

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended , 

OR

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the transition period from to

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)
 
 (Commission File Number)
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number)

, 
 , 

(Address of principal executive offices)
 
 (Zip Code)

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 

Not Applicable

 (Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of Each Class:
 
 Trading Symbol:
 
 Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered:

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

None

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

i 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the
 definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error
 to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers
 during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As of June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter), the registrant s securities were not publicly traded. Accordingly, there was market value for the registrant s common stock on such date.

As of March 24, 2023, there were shares of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share issued and outstanding. 

ii 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

2 

Item 1. 

Business 

2 

Item 1A. 

Risk Factors 

20 

Item 1B. 

Unresolved Staff Comments 

22 

Item 2. 

Properties 

22 

Item 3. 

Legal Proceedings 

23 

Item 4. 

Mine Safety Disclosures 

23 

PART II 

23 

Item 5. 

Market For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

23 

Item 6. 

[Reserved] 

24 

Item 7. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

24 

Item 7A. 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

28 

Item 8. 

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

28 

Item 9. 

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

28 

Item 9A. 

Controls and Procedures 

28 

Item 9B. 

Other Information 

28 

Item 9C. 

Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

28 

PART III 

29 

Item 10. 

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

29 

Item 11. 

Executive Compensation 

34 

Item 12. 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

34

Item 13. 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

35 

Item 14. 

Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

38 

PART IV 

39 

Item 15. 

Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

39 

Item 16. 

Form 10-K Summary 

40

Signatures 

41 

iii 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

Certain of the statements contained in this annual report on Form 10-K constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of federal securities laws. Our forward-looking statements include, but are
 not limited to, statements regarding our or our management s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or
 circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, project, 
 should, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this report may include, for example, statements
 about our:

our ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses in the healthcare industry;

our ability to complete our initial business combination in the healthcare industry;

our expectations around the performance of the prospective target business or businesses in the healthcare industry;

our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination;

our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination, as a result of which they
 would then receive expense reimbursements;

our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination;

our pool of prospective target businesses in the healthcare industry;

the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential acquisition opportunities;

potential change in control if we acquire one or more target businesses for stock;

our public securities potential liquidity and trading;

the lack of a market for our securities;

expectations regarding the time during which we will be an emerging growth company under the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act 

the use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance;

the trust account not being subject to claims of third parties; or

our financial performance.

The forward-looking statements contained in this report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. Future developments
 affecting us may not be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) and other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be
 materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors listed under the heading Risk Factors elsewhere in this report. Should 

1 

one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from
 those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable
 securities laws. 

By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future. We caution you that
 forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and that our actual results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and developments in the industry in which we operate may differ materially from those made in or
 suggested by the forward-looking statements contained in this report. In addition, even if our results or operations, financial condition and liquidity, and developments in the industry in which we operate are consistent with the forward-looking
 statements contained in this report, those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in subsequent periods.

PART I

Item 1. Business

References in this report to we, us or the Company refer to Bellevue Life Sciences Acquisition Corp. References to our management or our
 management team refer to our officers and directors, and references to the Sponsor refer to Bellevue Global Life Sciences Investors LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 

Introduction

We are a blank check company formed as a Delaware corporation on February 25, 2020 for the purpose of entering into a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization,
 reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to throughout this report as our initial business combination. While we may pursue an acquisition opportunity in any business industry or sector, we are
 focusing our search on a business in the healthcare industry, more specifically in the biotechnology sector.

On February 14, 2023, we consummated our initial public offering of an aggregate of 6,000,000 units, at 10.00 per unit Units ), generating gross proceeds of 60,000,000 before underwriting
 discounts and expenses.

Simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering, our sponsor, Bellevue Global Life Sciences Investors, LLC Sponsor ), purchased an aggregate of 430,000 units at a price of 10.00
 per unit, for an aggregate purchase price of 4,300,000 Private Placement Units ).

In connection with our initial public offering, the underwriters were granted a 45-day option from the date of our prospectus issued in connection with our initial public offering (the Over-Allotment Option to
 purchase up to 900,000 additional units to cover over-allotments (the Over-Allotment Units ), if any. On February 21, 2023, the underwriters purchased 900,000 Over-Allotment Units fully exercising the Over-Allotment Option. The Over-Allotment
 Units were sold at an offering price of 10.00 per Over-Allotment Unit, generating additional gross proceeds of 9,000,000 to the Company.

Transaction costs of our initial public offering amounted to 2,721,126 consisting of 1,380,000 of underwriting discounts and 1,341,126 of other offering costs.

Following the closing of our initial public offering on February 14, 2023, 61,050,000 (approximately 10.175 per Unit) from net offering proceeds of the sale of the Units in our initial public
 offering and the sale of the Private Placement Units was placed in a trust account (the Trust Account ). Following the closing of the Over-Allotment Option on February 21, 2023, and including the amount from our initial public offering, an aggregate
 amount of 70,207,500 was placed in the Company s Trust Account established in connection with our initial public offering. The proceeds held in the Trust Account are invested in United States government securities within the meaning of Section
 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which
 invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. 

2 

Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account that may be released to the Company to pay its tax obligations, the proceeds from our initial
 public offering will not be released from the Trust Account until the earlier of: (a) the completion of the Company s initial business combination, (b) the redemption of any of our public shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder
 vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (1) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not
 complete our initial business combination within 9 months from the closing of our initial public offering or such other time period as our stockholders may approve from the closing of our initial public offering, or (2) with respect to any other
 provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity; or (c) absent an initial business combination within 9 months from the closing of our initial public offering or or such other time period as our stockholders
 may approve from the closing of our initial public offering, our return of the funds held in the Trust Account to our public stockholders as part of our redemption of the public shares.

On March 14, 2023, the Company announced that, commencing on March 17, 2023, the holders of Units may elect to separately trade the shares of common stock, warrants and rights included in the Units.
 No fractional shares, warrants or rights will be issued upon separation of the Units and only whole shares, warrants and rights will trade. The shares of common stock, the warrants and the rights currently trade on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the
 symbols BLAC, BLACW and BLACR, respectively. The Units not separated will continue to trade on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol BLACU. 

Business Strategy

While our endeavor to identify a prospective target business will not necessarily be limited to a particular industry, sector or region, we intend to focus our search on identifying a healthcare
 holding company which owns controlling interests in subsidiaries operating in the subsectors of our interests within the healthcare industry including, but not limited to, biopharmaceutical, medical devices, and healthcare technology. We believe that
 the portfolio investment approach via a holding company model provides competitive advantages over investing in individual companies in terms of risk-adjusted returns deliverable to our shareholders, especially in the biopharmaceutical sector, which
 is our primary area of interest. Our strategy is supported by a number of reasons, including the following:

Diversification : A portfolio investment approach allows for diversification across multiple companies in the biotech sector, reducing the risk of any single company s
 failure impacting the entire investment. By investing in a variety of companies at different stages of clinical development, based on different platform sciences and with different therapeutic areas of focus, a portfolio investor can
 mitigate the risks associated with investing in a single clinical-stage company.

Liquidity : Effectuating a business combination with a holding company of multiple subsidiaries in different area of specialty and product pipeline can provide greater
 liquidity compared to investing in a single company. The holding company as a publicly-listed vehicle can create liquidity on its own without necessarily being affected by the unfavorable performance of a certain subsidiary (or
 subsidiaries) at a given time point, so long as the performance of the overall portfolio of its subsidiaries would be favorable to the refinancing of the holding company by, for example, issuance of new equity or debt.

Flexibility : A holding company can provide flexibility to adjust the overall mix of its asset portfolio by divesting its holdings in certain subsidiaries to different
 types of buyers such as corporate (strategic) or private equity (financial) investors. This allows the holding company to create liquidity on the corporate level without having to dilute the stakes of existing shareholders or assuming
 additional debts on its financial position. This way, the holding company can decide to either reinvest the proceeds in capturing emerging trends identified in the target industry or distribute the free cash flow to the shareholders if
 deemed appropriate by the management.

We plan to leverage the networks and industry experiences of our management team in identifying a prospective target business which, in our comprehensive view, is well positioned to manifest the
 theoretical advantages of a holding company in the healthcare industry with measurable milestones from its current operations and subsidiary business developments. Our management team has an extensive track record of creating value for our clients
 and 

3 

stockholders by acquiring emerging businesses at compelling valuations, by investing in growth while fostering financial discipline and by improving financial results.

Acquisition Strategy

Consistent with our business strategy, we have identified the following profile of our target business and the general criteria and guidelines to support the investment case.

Target Profile: A healthcare holding company is a business that operates by acquiring and managing a portfolio of companies engaged in the research, development,
 manufacturing, and distribution of healthcare products in the areas of our primary interests such as biopharmaceuticals, medical devices and healthcare technologies (for example, artificial intelligence-driven bioinformatics). The business
 model for a healthcare holding company, especially in the biopharmaceutical sector, the main area of our interests, is typically based on building a diverse portfolio of subsidiaries by acquiring companies at different stages of
 development, from early-stage research to POC (proof of concept)-stage clinical trials and commercialization. The goal is to create a diversified portfolio of companies that have a pipeline of products and product candidates in development,
 with some close to commercialization and others in earlier stages of development.

The management strategy for a healthcare holding company involves several key elements:

Portfolio management : The holding company must carefully manage its portfolio of companies to ensure that it is balanced and diversified. The company must also be
 prepared to make strategic decisions about which companies to acquire, invest in, or divest.

Financial management : The holding company must have strong financial management capabilities to ensure that it can provide financial support to its portfolio companies
 as needed. This may involve raising capital through debt or equity financing, or through divestment from its holdings in certain companies at appropriate timing.

Regulatory expertise : The healthcare industry is heavily regulated, and the holding company must have a deep understanding of the regulatory environment in order to
 successfully navigate the development and commercialization of new products.

Business development : The holding company must be actively engaged in business development activities to identify and pursue new opportunities for its portfolio
 companies. This may involve partnering with other companies, acquiring new companies, or licensing new technologies.

Talent management : The holding company must have a strong management team with expertise in biotherapeutics, medical device, diagnostics and bioinformatics, and other
 relevant disciplines in healthcare, as well as corporate finance and business development. The company must also be able to attract and retain talented executives and scientists to lead its portfolio companies.

Initial Business Combination

Nasdaq rules require that we must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value of the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the
 deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the Trust Account) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. Our board of directors will make the determination
 as to the fair market value of our initial business combination. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of our initial business combination, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment
 banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our board of directors will not be able to make an independent determination of
 the fair market value of our initial business combination, it may be unable to do so if it is less familiar or experienced with the business of a particular target or if there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of a target s
 assets or prospects.

4 

We anticipate structuring our initial business combination either (i) in such a way so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own or acquire 100 of the
 equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses, or (ii) in such a way so that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the
 target management team or stockholders, or for other reasons. However, we will only complete an initial business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise
 acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of
 the target, our stockholders prior to the initial business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the initial business combination. For example,
 we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the
 issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the
 equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be taken into account for purposes of Nasdaq s 80 
 fair market value test (which requires that we must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value of the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions
 and taxes payable on the interest earned in the Trust Account) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination). If the initial business combination involves more than one target business, the 80 
 fair market value test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the transactions and we will treat the target businesses together as the initial business combination for purposes of a tender offer or for seeking stockholder approval, as
 applicable. If our securities are not listed on Nasdaq at the time of our initial business combination, we would not be required to satisfy the 80 requirement. However, we intend to satisfy the 80 requirement even if our securities are not listed
 on Nasdaq at the time of our initial business combination.

Chardan Capital Markets, LLC, the representative of the underwriters in connection with our initial public offering Chardan has agreed, pursuant to a written letter agreement with us, not to
 convert any equity participation shares or public shares held by it into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account. The 34,500 founder shares that were transferred by our Sponsor to Chardan and placed in escrow
 until the consummation of our initial business combination are referred to as equity participation shares. In addition, Chardan has agreed (i) to vote its equity participation shares and any public shares it owns in favor of any proposed business
 combination and (ii) not to convert any shares (including the equity participation shares) in connection with a stockholder vote to approve, or sell their shares to us in any tender offer in connection with, a proposed initial business combination.

Our Business Combination Process

In evaluating prospective business combinations, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review process that will encompass, among other things, a review of historical and projected financial
 and operating data, meetings with management and their advisors (if applicable), on-site inspection of facilities and assets, discussion with customers and suppliers, legal reviews and other reviews as we deem appropriate. We will also utilize the
 expertise of our management team in evaluating operating projections, financial projections and determining the appropriate return expectations given the risk profile of the target business.

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our Sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business
 combination with a company that is affiliated with our Sponsor, officers or directors, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that our initial
 business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view and a majority of our disinterested independent directors approve such business combination.

Certain of our officers and directors presently have fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business
 combination opportunity. 

5 

Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current
 fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such entity. We believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or
 directors will not materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or
 officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be
 reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation.

Our officers have agreed not to become an officer or director of, any other special purpose acquisition company with a class of securities registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
 amended (the Exchange Act ), until we have entered into a definitive agreement regarding our initial business combination or we have liquidated the Trust Account.

Our Management Team

Members of our management team are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time as they, in the exercise of their respective
 business judgement, deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time that any member of our management team will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been
 selected for our initial business combination and the current stage of the business combination process. We do not have an employment agreement with any member of our management team.

We believe our management team s operating and transaction experience and relationships with companies will provide us with a substantial number of potential business combination targets. Over the
 course of their careers, the members of our management team have developed a broad network of contacts and corporate relationships in the healthcare and biotechnology industry. This network has grown through the activities of our management team
 sourcing, acquiring and financing businesses, our management team s relationships with sellers, financing sources and target management teams and the experience of our management team in executing transactions under varying economic and financial
 market conditions. See Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance for a more complete description of our management team s experience.

Status as a Public Company

We believe our structure will make us an attractive business combination partner to target businesses. As a public company, we offer a target business an alternative to the traditional initial public
 offering through a merger or other business combination with us. Following an initial business combination, we believe the target business would have greater access to capital and additional means of creating management incentives that are better
 aligned with stockholders interests than it would as a private company. A target business can further benefit by augmenting its profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. In a business combination
 transaction with us, the owners of the target business may, for example, exchange their shares of stock in the target business for our shares of common stock (or shares of a new holding company) or for a combination of our shares of common stock and
 cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration to the specific needs of the sellers.

Although there are various costs and obligations associated with being a public company, we believe target businesses will find this method a more expeditious and cost effective method to becoming a
 public company than the typical initial public offering. The typical initial public offering process takes a significantly longer period of time than the typical business combination transaction process, and there are significant expenses in the
 initial public offering process, including underwriting discounts and commissions, marketing and road show efforts that may not be present to the same extent in connection with an initial business combination with us.

Furthermore, once a proposed initial business combination is completed, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public offering is always subject to the
 underwriters ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions, which could delay or prevent the offering from occurring or could have negative valuation consequences. Following an initial business combination, we believe the
 target business 

6 

would then have greater access to capital and an additional means of providing management incentives consistent with stockholders interests and the ability to use its shares
 as currency for acquisitions. Being a public company can offer further benefits by augmenting a company s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees.

While we believe that our structure and our management team s backgrounds will make us an attractive business partner, some potential target businesses may view our status as a blank check company,
 such as our lack of an operating history and our ability to seek stockholder approval of any proposed initial business combination, negatively.

We are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take
 advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the independent registered
 public accounting firm attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a
 non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for
 our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile.

In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for
 complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of
 the benefits of this extended transition period.

We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of our initial public offering, (b) in which
 we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June
 30th, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period.

Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including,
 among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the aggregate worldwide market value of our common stock held by
 non-affiliates equaled or exceeded 250 million as of the prior June 30th and (2) our annual revenues equaled or exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year or the aggregate worldwide market value of our common stock held by
 non-affiliates equaled or exceeded 700 million as of the prior June 30th.

Financial Position

With funds available for an initial business combination initially in the amount of 68,137,500 after payment of 2,070,000 of deferred underwriting fees (before fees and expenses associated with our
 initial business combination), we offer a target business a variety of options such as creating a liquidity event for its owners, providing capital for the potential growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by
 reducing its debt or leverage ratio. Because we are able to complete our initial business combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to use the most efficient combination that
 will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business to fit its needs and desires. However, we have not taken any steps to secure third party financing and there can be no assurance it will be available to us.

Effecting Our Initial Business Combination

We are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any operations for an indefinite period of time following our initial public offering. We intend to effectuate our initial business
 combination using cash from the 

7 

proceeds of our initial public offering and the private placement of the placement units, the proceeds of the sale of our shares in connection with our initial business
 combination (pursuant to backstop agreements we may enter into following the consummation of our initial public offering or otherwise), shares issued to the owners of the target, debt issued to bank or other lenders or the owners of the target, or a
 combination of the foregoing. We may seek to complete our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent
 in such companies and businesses.

If our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the Trust Account are used for payment of the consideration in connection with
 our initial business combination or used for redemptions of our common stock, we may apply the balance of the cash released to us from the Trust Account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the
 post-transaction company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital.

We may seek to raise additional funds through a private offering of debt or equity securities in connection with the completion of our initial business combination, and we may effectuate our initial
 business combination using the proceeds of such offering rather than using the amounts held in the Trust Account. In addition, we intend to target businesses larger than we could acquire with the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the
 sale of the placement units, and may as a result be required to seek additional financing to complete such proposed initial business combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would expect to complete such financing only
 simultaneously with the completion of our initial business combination. In the case of an initial business combination funded with assets other than the Trust Account assets, our proxy materials or tender offer documents disclosing the initial
 business combination would disclose the terms of the financing and, only if required by law, we would seek stockholder approval of such financing. There are no prohibitions on our ability to raise funds privately, or through loans in connection with
 our initial business combination. At this time, we are not a party to any arrangement or understanding with any third party with respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities or otherwise.

Sources of Target Businesses

We anticipate that target business candidates will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment bankers and investment professionals. Target businesses may be
 brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited by us by calls or mailings. These sources may also introduce us to target businesses in which they think we may be interested on an unsolicited basis, since many of
 these sources will have read the prospectus we issued in connection with our initial public offering and know what types of businesses we are targeting. Our officers and directors, as well as our Sponsor and their affiliates, may also bring to our
 attention target business candidates that they become aware of through their business contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending trade shows or conventions. In addition, we expect to
 receive a number of proprietary deal flow opportunities that would not otherwise necessarily be available to us as a result of the business relationships of our officers and directors and our Sponsor and their affiliates. While we do not presently
 anticipate engaging the services of professional firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions on any formal basis, we may engage these firms or other individuals in the future, in which event we may pay a finder s fee,
 consulting fee, advisory fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. We will engage a finder only to the extent our management determines that the use of a finder may bring
 opportunities to us that may not otherwise be available to us or if finders approach us on an unsolicited basis with a potential transaction that our management determines is in our best interest to pursue. Payment of finder s fees is customarily
 tied to completion of a transaction, in which case any such fee will be paid out of the funds held in the Trust Account. In no event, however, will our Sponsor or any of our existing officers, directors be paid any finder s fee, reimbursement,
 consulting fee, monies in respect of any payment of a loan or other compensation by the company prior to, or in connection with any services rendered for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business
 combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). None of our Sponsor, executive officers, directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will be allowed to receive any compensation, finder s fees or consulting fees from a
 prospective business combination target in connection with a contemplated initial business combination except that we may pay Bellevue Capital Management LLC BCM and/or any of its 

8 

affiliates, partners or employees, a fee for financial advisory services rendered in connection with our identification, negotiation and consummation of our initial business
 combination; the amount of any fee we pay to BCM and/or any of its affiliates, partners or employees will be based upon the prevailing market for similar services for such transactions at such time, and will be subject to the review of our audit
 committee pursuant to the audit committee s policies and procedures relating to transactions that may present conflicts of interest. We have agreed to pay an affiliate of our Sponsor a total of 7,500 per month for office space, utilities and
 secretarial and administrative support and to reimburse our Sponsor for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial business combination. Some of our officers and directors may enter into employment or
 consulting agreements with the post-transaction company following our initial business combination. The presence or absence of any such fees or arrangements will not be used as a criterion in our selection process of an initial business combination
 candidate.

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with an initial business combination target that is affiliated with our Sponsor, officers or directors or making the initial
 business combination through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our Sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with an initial business combination target that is affiliated
 with our Sponsor, officers or directors, we would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such an initial business combination is fair to our company
 from a financial point of view and a majority of our disinterested independent directors approve such business combination. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context.

If any of our officers or directors becomes aware of an initial business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has pre-existing fiduciary or
 contractual obligations, he or she may be required to present such business combination opportunity to such entity prior to presenting such business combination opportunity to us. Our officers and directors currently have certain relevant fiduciary
 duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us.

Selection of a Target Business and Structuring of our Initial Business Combination

Nasdaq rules require that we must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value of the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the
 deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the Trust Account) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. The fair market value of our initial business
 combination will be determined by our board of directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial community, such as discounted cash flow valuation, a valuation based on trading multiples of comparable public businesses or
 a valuation based on the financial metrics of M A transactions of comparable businesses. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of our initial business combination, we will obtain an opinion from an
 independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our board of directors will not be able to make an
 independent determination of the fair market value of our initial business combination, it may be unable to do so if it is less familiar or experienced with the business of a particular target or if there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to
 the value of a target s assets or prospects. We do not intend to purchase multiple businesses in unrelated industries in conjunction with our initial business combination. Subject to this requirement, our management will have virtually unrestricted
 flexibility in identifying and selecting one or more prospective target businesses, although we will not be permitted to effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations.

In any case, we will only complete an initial business combination in which we own or acquire 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquire a controlling
 interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. If we own or acquire less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses, the portion
 of such business or businesses that are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company is what will be taken into account for purposes of Nasdaq s 80 fair market value test. There is no basis for readers of this report to evaluate the possible
 merits or risks of any target business with which we may ultimately complete our initial business combination.

To the extent we effect our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth we may be affected by numerous
 risks inherent in such 

9 

company or business. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly
 ascertain or assess all significant risk factors.

In evaluating a prospective business target, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review, which may encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document
 reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial and other information that will be made available to us.

The time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable
 with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will
 reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination.

Lack of Business Diversification

For an indefinite period of time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance of a single business. Unlike
 other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in a single
 line of business. In addition, we intend to focus our search for an initial business combination in a single industry. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may:

subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our initial business
 combination, and

cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services.

Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target s Management Team

Although we intend to closely scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with that business, our
 assessment of the target business management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of members of our
 management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. The determination as to whether any of the members of our management team will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial
 business combination. While it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our initial business combination, it is unlikely that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs
 subsequent to our initial business combination. Moreover, we cannot assure you that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business.

We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will
 remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination.

Following an initial business combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will have the ability
 to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. 

10 

Stockholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial Business Combination

We may conduct redemptions without a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC. However, we will seek stockholder approval if it is required by law or applicable stock exchange
 rule, or we may decide to seek stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons. Presented in the table below is a graphic explanation of the types of initial business combinations we may consider and whether stockholder approval is currently
 required under Delaware law for each such transaction.

Type of Transaction

Whether 
 Stockholder 
 Approval is 
 Required

Purchase of assets

No

Purchase of stock of target not involving a merger with the company

No

Merger of target into a subsidiary of the company

No

Merger of the company with a target

Yes

Under Nasdaq s listing rules, stockholder approval would be required for our initial business combination if, for example:

we issue shares of common stock that will be equal to or in excess of 20.0 of the number of shares of our common stock then outstanding;

any of our directors, officers or substantial stockholders (as defined by Nasdaq rules) has a 5 or greater interest (or such persons collectively have a 10 or greater interest), directly or
 indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise and the present or potential issuance of common stock could result in an increase in outstanding common stock or voting power of 5 or more; or

the issuance or potential issuance of common stock will result in our undergoing a change of control.

Permitted Purchases of our Securities

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our
 Sponsor, initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares, warrants or rights in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business
 combination. There is no limit on the number of shares our initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase in such transactions, subject to compliance with applicable law and Nasdaq rules. However, they have no
 current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. If they engage in such transactions, they will not make any such purchases when they are in possession
 of any material nonpublic information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the
 tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules,
 the purchasers will comply with such rules. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. None of the funds held in the Trust
 Account will be used to purchase shares, warrants or rights in such transactions prior to completion of our initial business combination.

The purpose of any such purchases of shares could be to increase the likelihood of closing the initial business combination or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that
 requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of warrants or rights could
 be to reduce the number of warrants or rights outstanding. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the
 public float of our shares of common stock, warrants or rights may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our
 securities on a national securities exchange. To the extent that any such securities are purchased, such 

11 

public securities will not be voted as required by Tender Offers and Schedules Compliance and Disclosure Interpretations Question 166.01 promulgated by the SEC.

Our Sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates anticipate that they may identify the stockholders with whom our Sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates may pursue privately
 negotiated purchases by either the stockholders contacting us directly or by our receipt of redemption requests submitted by stockholders following our mailing of proxy materials in connection with our initial business combination. To the extent that
 our Sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates enter into a private purchase, they would identify and contact only potential selling stockholders who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the
 Trust Account or vote against our initial business combination, whether or not such stockholder has already submitted a proxy with respect to our initial business combination. Our Sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates will only
 purchase shares, warrants or rights if such purchases comply with Regulation M under the Exchange Act and the other federal securities laws.

Any purchases by our Sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates who are affiliated purchasers under Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act will only be made to the extent such purchases are
 able to be made in compliance with Rule 10b-18, which is a safe harbor from liability for manipulation under Section 9(a)(2) and Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Rule 10b-18 has certain technical requirements that must be complied with in order for
 the safe harbor to be available to the purchaser. Our Sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates will not make purchases of common stock if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Any such purchases
 will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchases are subject to such reporting requirements.

Additionally, in the event our Sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates were to purchase shares or warrants from public
 shareholders, such purchases would be structured in compliance with the requirements of Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act including, in pertinent part, through adherence to the following:

our registration statement/proxy statement filed for our business combination transaction would disclose the possibility that our sponsor, initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors
 or any of their affiliates may purchase shares, rights or warrants from public stockholders outside the redemption process, along with the purposes of such purchases;

if our Sponsor, initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates were to purchase our securities from public stockholders, they would do so at a price no higher
 than the price offered through the redemption process;

our registration statement/proxy statement filed for our business combination transaction would include a representation that any of our securities purchased by our sponsor, initial stockholders, directors,
 officers, advisors or any of their affiliates would not be voted in favor of approving the business combination transaction;

our Sponsor, initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates would not possess any redemption rights with respect to our securities or, if they possess redemption rights, they
 would waive such rights; and

we would disclose in a Form 8-K, before our security holder meeting to approve the business combination transaction, the following:

the amount of our securities purchased outside of the redemption offer by our Sponsor, initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates, along with the purchase price;

the purpose of the purchases by our Sponsor, initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates;

the impact, if any, of the purchases by our Sponsor, initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates on the likelihood that the business combination transaction will be
 approved;

the identities of the Company s security holders who sold to our sponsor, initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates (if not purchased on the open market) or the nature
 of our security holders (e.g., 5 security holders) who sold to our Sponsor, initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates; and

the number of securities for which we have received redemption requests pursuant to our redemption offer.

Redemption Rights for Public Stockholders upon Completion of our Initial Business Combination

We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of common stock upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price,
 payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not
 previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the Trust Account is initially anticipated to be approximately 10.175 per public share.
 The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. Our Sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter
 agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and placement shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination.

12 

Manner of Conducting Redemptions

We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of common stock upon the completion of our initial business combination either (i) in connection with a
 stockholder meeting called to approve the initial business combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed initial business combination or conduct a tender offer will be
 made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek stockholder approval under the law or stock exchange listing
 requirement. Under Nasdaq rules, asset acquisitions and stock purchases would not typically require stockholder approval while direct mergers with our company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20.0 of our
 outstanding common stock or seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation would require stockholder approval. If we structure an initial business combination with a target company in a manner that requires stockholder
 approval, we will not have discretion as to whether to seek a stockholder vote to approve the proposed initial business combination. We may conduct redemptions without a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC unless
 stockholder approval is required by law or stock exchange listing requirements or we choose to seek stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons. So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on Nasdaq, we will be
 required to comply with such rules.

If a stockholder vote is not required and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation:

conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers, and

file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business
 combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies.

Upon the public announcement of our initial business combination, we or our Sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase shares of our common stock in the
 open market if we elect to redeem our public shares through a tender offer, to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act.

In the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act,
 and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public stockholders not tendering more than a specified number of public
 shares which are not purchased by our Sponsor, which number will be based on the requirement that we will only redeem our public shares so long as (after such redemption) our net tangible assets will be at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to
 or upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriters fees and commissions (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be
 contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. If public stockholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete the initial business combination.

If, however, stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law or stock exchange listing requirements, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons, we
 will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation:

conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer
 rules, and

file proxy materials with the SEC.

In the event that we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our public stockholders with the
 redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination.

If we seek stockholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the initial business
 combination. A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of outstanding capital stock of the company representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the
 company entitled to vote at such meeting. Our initial stockholders will count toward this quorum and pursuant to the letter agreement, our Sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote their founder shares, placement shares and any public
 shares purchased during or after our initial public offering (including in open market and privately negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial business combination. In addition, Chardan has agreed to vote all equity participation shares as
 well as any public shares purchased during or after our initial public offering (including in open market and privately negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our
 outstanding shares of common stock voted, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. We intend to give approximately 30 days (but not less than 10 days nor more 

13 

than 60 days) prior written notice of any such meeting, if required, at which a vote shall be taken to approve our initial business combination. These quorum and voting
 thresholds, and the voting agreements of our initial stockholders, may make it more likely that we will consummate our initial business combination. Each public stockholder may elect to redeem its public shares irrespective of whether they vote for
 or against the proposed transaction.

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we will only redeem our public shares so long as (after such redemption) our net tangible assets will be at least 5,000,001 either
 immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriters fees and commissions (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement
 which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. For example, the proposed initial business combination may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred to
 the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed initial business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we
 would be required to pay for all shares of common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed initial business combination exceed the aggregate amount of
 cash available to us, we will not complete the initial business combination or redeem any shares, and all shares of common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof..

Limitation on Redemption upon Completion of our Initial Business Combination if we Seek Stockholder Approval

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to
 the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group 
 (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. Such
 restriction shall also be applicable to our affiliates. We believe this restriction will discourage stockholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption
 rights against a proposed initial business combination as a means to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public
 stockholder holding more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering could threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder s shares are not purchased by us or our management at a premium to the then-current
 market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our stockholders ability to redeem no more than 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering without our prior consent, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of
 stockholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly in connection with an initial business combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net
 worth or a certain amount of cash. However, we would not be restricting our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination.

Tendering Stock Certificates in Connection with Redemption Rights

We may require our public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to either tender their certificates to our
 transfer agent up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the initial business combination, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using the Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At
 Custodian) System, at the holder s option. The proxy materials that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate whether we are requiring public stockholders to satisfy such
 delivery requirements. Accordingly, a public stockholder would have up to two days prior to the vote on the initial business combination to tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. Given the relatively short exercise
 period, it is advisable for stockholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares.

There is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically
 charge the tendering broker a nominal amount and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. 

14 

However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption rights to tender their shares. The need to deliver shares
 is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated.

The foregoing is different from the procedures used by many blank check companies. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with their business combinations, many blank check companies
 would distribute proxy materials for the stockholders vote on an initial business combination, and a holder could simply vote against a proposed initial business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating such holder was seeking to
 exercise his or her redemption rights. After the initial business combination was approved, the company would contact such stockholder to arrange for him or her to deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result, the stockholder then
 had an option window after the completion of the initial business combination during which he or she could monitor the price of the company s stock in the market. If the price rose above the redemption price, he or she could sell his or her shares
 in the open market before actually delivering his or her shares to the company for cancellation. As a result, the redemption rights, to which stockholders were aware they needed to commit before the stockholder meeting, would become option rights
 surviving past the completion of the initial business combination until the redeeming holder delivered its certificate. The requirement for physical or electronic delivery prior to the meeting ensures that a redeeming holder s election to redeem is
 irrevocable once the initial business combination is approved.

Any request to redeem such shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the date of the stockholder meeting. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate in
 connection with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such holder may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically).
 It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after the completion of our initial business combination.

If our initial business combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public stockholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem their
 shares for the applicable pro rata share of the Trust Account. In such case, we will promptly return any certificates delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares.

If our initial proposed initial business combination is not completed, we may continue to try to complete an initial business combination with a different target until 9 months or such other time
 period as our stockholders may approve from the closing of our initial public offering.

Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation if no Initial Business Combination

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we will have only 9 months or such other time period as our stockholders may approve from the closing of our initial public
 offering to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination within such 9-month period (or such other time period as our stockholders may approve), we will: (i) cease all operations except for
 the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account
 including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which
 redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such
 redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the
 requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants or rights, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the 9-month time
 period or such other time period as our stockholders may approve.

Our Sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have waived their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to
 any founder shares and placement shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination within 9 months or such other 

15 

time period as our stockholders may approve from the closing of our initial public offering. However, if our Sponsor, officers or directors acquire public shares in or after
 our initial public offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the allotted time period.

Our Sponsor, officers and directors and Chardan have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
 (i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 9 months or such
 other time period as our stockholders may approve from the closing of our initial public offering or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide our public
 stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest earned on the
 funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. However, we will only redeem our public shares so long as (after such redemption) our net tangible assets will
 be at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriters fees and commissions (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). If this optional
 redemption right is exercised with respect to an excessive number of public shares such that we cannot satisfy the net tangible asset requirement (described above), we would not proceed with the amendment or the related redemption of our public
 shares at such time.

We expect that all costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from amounts remaining out of the approximately
 402,500 of proceeds held outside the Trust Account, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. We will depend on sufficient interest being earned on the proceeds held in the Trust Account to pay any tax
 obligations we may owe. However, if those funds are not sufficient to cover the costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, to the extent that there is any interest accrued in the Trust Account not required to pay taxes
 on interest income earned on the Trust Account balance, we may request the trustee to release to us an additional amount of up to 100,000 of such accrued interest to pay those costs and expenses.

If we were to expend all of the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the placement units, other than the proceeds deposited in the Trust Account, and without taking into
 account interest, if any, earned on the Trust Account, the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders upon our dissolution would be approximately 10.175. The proceeds deposited in the Trust Account could, however, become subject to the
 claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our public stockholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount received by stockholders will not be substantially less than 10.175. Under Section
 281(b) of the DGCL, our plan of dissolution must provide for all claims against us to be paid in full or make provision for payments to be made in full, as applicable, if there are sufficient assets. These claims must be paid or provided for before
 we make any distribution of our remaining assets to our stockholders. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors claims.

Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest
 or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account for the benefit of our public stockholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from
 bringing claims against the Trust Account including but not limited to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an
 advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the Trust Account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the Trust Account, our management will perform an
 analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any
 alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly
 superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. WithumSmith+Brown, PC, 

16 

our independent registered public accounting firm, and Chardan, the representative of the underwriters of our initial public offering, will not execute agreements with us
 waiving such claims to the monies held in the Trust Account.

In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us
 and will not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason. Our Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business
 with which we have entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or similar agreement or business combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) 10.175 per public share and (ii) the
 actual amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than 10.175 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will
 not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the Trust Account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under our
 indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. However, we have not asked our Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we
 independently verified whether our Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our Sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore we cannot assure you that our Sponsor would be able to satisfy
 those obligations. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses.

In the event that the proceeds in the Trust Account are reduced below (i) 10.175 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the
 liquidation of the Trust Account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and our Sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations or
 that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our
 independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so if, for
 example, the cost of such legal action is deemed by the independent directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or if the independent directors determine that a favorable outcome is not likely. We have not asked our Sponsor to reserve
 for such indemnification obligations and we cannot assure you that our Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not
 be less than 10.175 per public share.

We will seek to reduce the possibility that our Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target
 businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. Our Sponsor will also not be liable as to any claims under our
 indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. We have access to up to approximately 402,500 with which to pay any such potential claims (including costs and
 expenses incurred in connection with our liquidation, currently estimated to be no more than approximately 100,000). In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient,
 stockholders who received funds from our Trust Account could be liable for claims made by creditors.

Under the DGCL, stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion of our Trust
 Account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination within 9 months from the closing of our initial public offering may be considered a liquidating
 distribution under Delaware law. If the corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during which
 any third-party claims can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any
 liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after
 the third anniversary of the dissolution.

17 

Furthermore, if the pro rata portion of our Trust Account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business
 combination within 9 months or such other time period as our stockholders may approve from the closing of our initial public offering offering, is not considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law and such redemption distribution is deemed
 to be unlawful (potentially due to the imposition of legal proceedings that a party may bring or due to other circumstances that are currently unknown), then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors
 could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidating distribution. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination within 9 months or such other time period as our
 stockholders may approve from the closing of our initial public offering, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the
 public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to
 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating
 distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case
 of clauses (ii) and (iii) above to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Accordingly, it is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible
 following our 9th month or such other time period as our stockholders may approve and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with those procedures. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions
 received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend well beyond the third anniversary of such date.

Because we will not be complying with Section 280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will provide for our payment of all existing
 and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the subsequent 10 years. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited to searching for prospective
 target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses. As described above, pursuant to the obligation contained in our underwriting
 agreement, we will seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in
 the Trust Account. As a result of this obligation, the claims that could be made against us are significantly limited and the likelihood that any claim that would result in any liability extending to the Trust Account is remote. Further, our Sponsor
 may be liable only to the extent necessary to ensure that the amounts in the Trust Account are not reduced below (i) 10.175 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of
 the Trust Account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest withdrawn to pay taxes and will not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering
 against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such
 third-party claims.

If we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law,
 and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the Trust Account, we cannot assure you we will be able to return
 10.175 per share to our public stockholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable
 debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our stockholders. Furthermore, our board of directors may
 be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public stockholders from the Trust Account prior to addressing the
 claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons.

Our public stockholders will be entitled to receive funds from the Trust Account only upon the earlier to occur of: (i) the completion of our initial business combination, (ii) the redemption of any
 public shares properly 

18 

tendered in connection with a stockholder vote to amend any provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our
 obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 9 months from the closing of our initial public offering or (B)
 with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, and (iii) the redemption of all of our public shares if we are unable to complete our business combination within 9 months or such
 other time period as our stockholders may approve from the closing of our initial public offering, subject to applicable law. In no other circumstances will a stockholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the Trust Account. Holders of
 warrants or rights will not have any right to the proceeds held in the Trust Account with respect to the warrants or rights, respectively. In the event we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, a stockholder s
 voting in connection with the initial business combination alone will not result in a stockholder s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the Trust Account. Such stockholder must have also exercised its redemption rights as
 described above. These provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, like all provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, may be amended with a stockholder vote.

Competition

In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our initial business combination, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours,
 including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, and operating businesses seeking strategic business combinations. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and
 effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than we do. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our
 available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the initial business combination of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public stockholders who exercise their
 redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination and our outstanding warrants and rights, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses.
 Either of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business combination.

Facilities

Our executive offices are located at 10900 NE 4th Street, Suite 2300, Bellevue, WA 98004 and Hoedong-gil, 37-36, 3F, Paju, Gyeonggi-do, 10881 Korea, and our telephone number is (425) 635-7700 and +82 31 948 9419
 respectively. Our executive offices are provided to us by an affiliate of our Sponsor. Commencing on the date of our prospectus issued in connection with our initial public offering, we agreed to pay an affiliate of our Sponsor a total of 7,500
 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations.

Website

We maintain a corporate website at www.bellevuespac.com. Our website and information contained on, or that can be accessed
 through, our website is not deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and is not considered part of, this report. You should not rely on any such information in making your decision whether to invest in our securities.

Employees

We currently have two officers. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary, in
 the exercise of their respective business judgement, to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for
 our initial business combination and the stage of the initial business combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any full time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. We do not have an employment agreement
 with any member of our management team.

Periodic Reporting and Financial Information

We have registered our units, common stock and warrants under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the
 SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual reports will contain financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accountants. These filings are available to the public via the Internet at
 the 

19 

SEC s website located at http://www.sec.gov. You may request a copy of our filings with the SEC (excluding exhibits) at no cost by writing or telephoning us at the following
 address or telephone number:

Bellevue Life Sciences Acquisition Corp.

 10900 NE 4th Street, Suite 2300

 Bellevue, WA 98004

 Telephone: (425) 635-7700

We will provide stockholders with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials sent to stockholders to assist
 them in assessing the target business. In all likelihood, these financial statements will need to be prepared in accordance with, or reconciled to, GAAP, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances, and the historical financial statements may be required
 to be audited in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential targets we may conduct an initial business combination with because some targets may be unable to provide such
 statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. We cannot assure you that any particular target business identified by us as
 a potential business combination candidate will have financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP or that the potential target business will be able to prepare its financial statements in accordance with the requirements outlined above. To
 the extent that these requirements cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed target business. While this may limit the pool of potential business combination candidates, we do not believe that this limitation will be material.

We will be required to evaluate our internal control procedures for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2023 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large
 accelerated filer or an accelerated filer will we be required to have our internal control procedures audited. A target company may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls.

The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such business combination.
 Prior to the date of our prospectus in connection with our initial public offering, we filed a registration statement on Form 8-A with the SEC to voluntarily register our securities under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. As a result, we are subject to
 the rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act. We have no current intention of filing a Form 15 to suspend our reporting or other obligations under the Exchange Act prior or subsequent to the consummation of our initial business
 combination.

We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of our initial public offering, (b) in which
 we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our shares of common stock that are held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the
 prior June 30th, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period.

Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including,
 among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the aggregate worldwide market value of our common stock held by
 non-affiliates equaled or exceeded 250 million as of the prior June 30th and (2) our annual revenues equaled or exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year or the aggregate worldwide market value of our common stock held by
 non-affiliates equaled or exceeded 700 million as of the prior June 30th.

Item 1A. Risk Factors

As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to include risk factors in this annual report on Form 10-K. However, below is a partial list of material risks, uncertainties and other factors
 that could have a material effect on the Company and its operations:

20 

If we are unable to consummate our initial business combination, our public stockholders may be forced to wait more than 9 months before receiving distributions from
 the Trust Account.

We may not be able to consummate an initial business combination within 9 months after the closing of our initial public offering or such later time as may be
 approved by a majority of our stockholders voting on such extension, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate, in which case our public stockholders
 may only receive 10.175 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances and our warrants and rights will expire worthless.

We are currently experiencing a period of economic uncertainty and capital markets disruption, which has been significantly impacted by geopolitical instability due
 to the ongoing military conflict between Russia and Ukraine. Our search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by any negative
 impact on the global economy and capital markets resulting from the conflict in Ukraine or any other geopolitical tensions.

If the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the Private Placement Units not being held in the Trust Account are insufficient to allow us to
 operate for the 9 months or such other time period as our stockholders may approve following the closing of our initial public offering, it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and our
 ability to complete our initial business combination, and we will depend on loans from our Sponsor, officers and directors or their affiliates or members of our management team to fund our search and to complete our initial business
 combination. If we are unable to obtain these loans, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination.

Our independent registered public accounting firm s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a
 going concern. 

We are a newly formed company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective.

Our public stockholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, which means we may complete our initial business
 combination even though a majority of our public stockholders do not support such a combination.

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our Sponsor, officers and directors and Chardan have agreed to vote in favor of such initial
 business combination, regardless of how our other public stockholders vote.

The only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination will be limited to the exercise of the right to redeem shares from
 us for cash, unless we seek stockholder approval of the initial business combination.

The ability of our public stockholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition less attractive to potential business combination targets,
 which may make it difficult for us to enter into an initial business combination with a target.

The ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable
 business combination or optimize our capital structure.

The ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial
 business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your stock.

21 

The requirement that we complete our initial business combination within 9 months or such other time period as our stockholders may approve after the closing of our
 initial public offering may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating an initial business combination and may decrease our ability to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets as we approach our
 dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that would produce value for our stockholders.

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase shares,
 warrants or rights from public stockholders, which may increase the likelihood of closing our initial business combination and reduce the public float of our common stock, warrants and rights.

Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and
 complete our initial business combination and results of operations.

A decline in interest rates could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and complete a business combination since we will
 depend on interest earned on the Trust Account to pay our tax obligations and to complete a business combination.

Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to research a large number of
 potential target businesses or to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.175 per share on our redemption of our
 public shares, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants and rights will expire worthless.

If a stockholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or fails to comply with the
 procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed.

You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the Trust Account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you
 may be forced to sell your public shares, warrants or rights, potentially at a loss.

The excise tax included in the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 may decrease the value of our securities following our initial business combination, hinder our ability
 to consummate an initial business combination, and decrease the amount of funds available for distribution in connection with a liquidation.

For the complete list of risks relating to our operations, see the section titled Risk Factors contained in our prospectus dated February 9, 2023.

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments

None.

Item 2. Properties

We do not own any real estate or other physical properties materially important to our operations. Our executive offices are located at 10900 NE 4 th Street, Suite 2300, Bellevue, WA 98004 and Hoedong-gil, 37-36, 3F, Paju, Gyeonggi-do, 10881 Korea, and our telephone numbers
 are (425) 635-7700 and +82 31 948 9419, respectively. Under an administrative services agreement we entered into with our Sponsor effective on February 9, 2023, we have agreed to pay Bellevue Capital
 Management, LLC, an affiliate of our Sponsor, a total of 7,500 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these
 monthly fees. We consider our current office space, combined with the other office space otherwise available to our executive officers, adequate for our current operations. 

22 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings

We are not currently subject to any material legal proceedings, nor, to our knowledge, is any material legal proceeding threatened against us or any of our officers or directors in
 their corporate capacity.

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures

Not applicable.

PART II

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

Market Information

Our units, common stock, warrants and rights are traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbols BLACU, BLAC, BLACW, and BLACR respectively. Our units commenced public trading on
 February 9, 2023 and our common stock, warrants and rights commenced public trading on March 17, 2023.

Holders

On March 24, 2023, there were 2 holders of record of our units, 9 holders of record of our common stock, 5 holders of record of our warrants and 2 holders of record or our rights.

Dividends

We have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in
 the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends
 subsequent to our initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any share dividends in the
 foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans

None.

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Offerings

Prior to the closing of our initial public offering, our Sponsor had advanced funds to us for the payment of expenses in connection with the initial public offering, which amount was evidenced by
 non-interest bearing promissory notes. As of December 31, 2022 and immediately prior to the closing of our initial public offering, we had borrowed 1,200,000 under the promissory note with our Sponsor. Such amount promissory notes were deemed to be
 repaid and settled in connection with the private placement upon the closing of the initial public offering.

On July 30, 2022, our Sponsor purchased 1,437,500 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000, or approximately 0.017 per share. On April 25, 2022, we executed a stock split, resulting
 in an aggregate of 1,725,000 founder shares held by our Sponsor. The founder shares included an aggregate of up to 225,000 founder shares that were subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters Over-Allotment Option was not exercise in
 full or part. The number of founder shares issued was determined based on the expectation that the founder shares would 

23 

represent 20 of the outstanding common stock upon completion of our initial public offering. The securities were issued in connection with our organization pursuant to an
 exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act.

On February 14, 2023, we consummated our initial public offering of 6,000,000 units. Each Unit consists of one share of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, one
 redeemable warrant, with each warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one share of common stock for 11.50 per share, subject to certain adjustments, and one right, with each right entitling the holder thereof to one-tenth (1/10) of one
 share of common stock. The Units were sold at a price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 60,000,000. Chardan was the book-running manager of our initial public offering. The securities sold in the offering were
 registered under the Securities Act on a registration statement on Form S-1 (333-264597). The registration statement became effective on February 9, 2023. 

Simultaneously with the closing of the initial public offering, we consummated the private placement of 430,000 Private Placement Units to our Sponsor for an aggregate purchase price
 of 4,300,000. The Private Placement Units are identical to the Units sold in the offering. The private placement was conducted as a non-public transaction and, as a transaction by an issuer not involving a public offering, is exempt from
 registration under the Securities Act in reliance upon Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act.

A total of 61,050,000, comprised of the proceeds from the initial public offering and certain proceeds from the private placement, was placed in a U.S.-based Trust Account maintained by Continental
 Stock Transfer Trust Company, acting as trustee.

On February 21, 2022, the underwriters of our initial public offering exercised the Over-Allotment Option and purchased an additional 900,000 units, generating additional gross proceeds of 9,000,000.
 In connection with the exercise of the Over-Allotment Option, a total of 70,207,500, comprised of the proceeds from the closing, the private placement and the sale of the Over-Allotment Units, was placed into the Trust Account.

We paid a total of 1,380,000 in underwriting discounts and commissions and 1,341,126 for other costs and expenses related to the initial public offering. In addition, the
 underwriters agreed to defer 2,070,000 in underwriting discounts and commissions.

There has been no material change in the planned use of proceeds from our initial public offering as described in our final prospectus dated February 9, 2023 which was filed with
 the SEC.

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers

None.

Item 6. [Reserved]

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in
 conjunction with our audited financial statements and the notes related thereto contained elsewhere in this report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks
 and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those set forth under Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, Item 1A.
 Risk Factors and elsewhere in this report.

Overview

We are a blank check company incorporated as a Delaware corporation and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization,
 reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of our initial public offering and the Private Placement Units, the proceeds
 of the sale of our capital stock in connection with our initial business combination, shares issued to the owners of the target, debt issued to banks or other lenders or the owners of the target, or a combination of the foregoing.

The issuance of additional shares in connection with an initial business combination:

24 

may significantly dilute the equity interests of our existing investors;

may subordinate the rights of holders of our common stock if preferred stock is issued with rights senior to those afforded our common stock;

could cause a change in control if a substantial number of shares of our common stock is issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards,
 if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors;

may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the stock ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us; and

may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our common stock, warrants and/or rights.

Similarly, if we issue debt securities or otherwise incur significant indebtedness, it could result in:

default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations;

acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain
 financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant;

our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand;

our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding;

our inability to pay dividends on our common stock;

using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our common stock if declared, our ability to pay
 expenses, make capital expenditures and acquisitions, and fund other general corporate purposes;

limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate;

increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation;

limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, and execution of our strategy; and

other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt.

Results of Operations

Our entire activity since inception through December 31, 2022 related to our formation and initial public offering. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the
 completion of an initial business combination. We expect to generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on cash and cash equivalents held after our initial public offering. We expect that we will incur increased expenses as a result
 of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses in connection with searching for, and completing, an initial business combination. 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had a net loss of 35,388 and 3,308, respectively, which consisted of operating costs.

25 

Liquidity and Capital Resources

Our liquidity needs had been satisfied prior to the completion of our initial public offering through a capital contribution from our Sponsor of 25,000 for the founder shares
 and an aggregate of 1,200,000 in loans from our Sponsor under unsecured promissory notes. Upon the closing of our initial public offering, the promissory notes were be deemed to be repaid and settled in connection with the private placement.
 Further, we have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of our financing and acquisition plans.

The net proceeds from (i) the sale of the Units in our initial public offering (including the Units sold in the
 exercise of the Over-Allotment Option), after deducting offering expenses of approximately 1,310,000, underwriting commissions of 1,380,000 and excluding deferred underwriting commissions of 2,070,000, and (ii) the sale of the Private Placement
 Units for an aggregate purchase price of 4,300,000 was 70,610,000. Of this amount, 70,207,500 was placed in the Trust Account, including 2,070,000 of deferred underwriting commissions. The proceeds held in the Trust Account will be invested
 only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations.

We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the Trust Account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the
 Trust Account (less deferred underwriting commissions), to complete our initial business combination. We may withdraw interest to pay taxes. We estimate our annual franchise tax obligations, based on the number of authorized shares of our common
 stock, to be 200,000, which is the maximum amount of annual franchise taxes payable by us as a Delaware corporation per annum, which we may pay from funds from this offering held outside of the Trust Account or from interest earned on the funds
 held in our Trust Account and released to us for this purpose. Our annual income tax obligations will depend on the amount of interest and other income earned on the amounts held in the Trust Account. We expect the interest earned on the amount in
 the Trust Account will be sufficient to pay our income taxes. To the extent that our capital stock or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our initial business combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account
 will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies.

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 124,501 in its operating bank account and a working capital deficit of 1,138,861. The Company s liquidity needs prior to the
 consummation of the initial public offering had been satisfied through proceeds from advances from related party and from the issuance of common stock. Subsequent to the consummation of the initial public offering, the Company s liquidity was
 satisfied through the net proceeds from the consummation of the initial public offering and the proceeds from the private placement held outside of the Trust Account.

In order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with an initial business
 combination, our Sponsor, officers and directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete our initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that our initial
 business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our Trust Account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,000,000 of such loans may
 be convertible into Units, at a price of 10.00 per unit at the option of the lender, upon consummation of our initial business combination. The Units would be identical to the Private Placement Units. The terms of such loans by our Sponsor,
 officers and directors or their affiliates, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our Sponsor, officers and directors or their affiliates
 as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our Trust Account. Loans made by Chardan or any of its related persons, if any, will not be convertible
 into any of our securities and Chardan and its related persons will have no recourse with respect to their ability to convert their loans into any of our securities.

26 

Based on the foregoing and the limited amount of working capital that the Company received into the operating account from the private placement, management believes that the
 Company will not have sufficient working capital to meet its working capital needs through the earlier of the consummation of an initial business combination or nine months from the initial public offering. These conditions raise substantial
 doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Over this time period, the Company will be using the remaining funds held outside of the Trust Account for paying existing accounts payable, identifying and evaluating
 prospective initial business combination candidates, performing due diligence on prospective target businesses, paying for travel expenditures, selecting the target business to merge with or acquire, and structuring, negotiating and
 consummating the initial business combination. Further needs for operating capital beyond the Company s current operating cash balance may need to be funded through loans from the Company s Sponsor. The financial statements do not include any
 adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination by November 14, 2023 (subject to extension by majority approval by the Company s stockholders voting), the Company will cease all
 operations except for the purpose of liquidating. This date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution combined with uncertainty as to whether the Company has sufficient liquidity to fund operations through the liquidation date or
 thereafter should a deferral occur raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management plans to evaluate potential business combination opportunities and intends to complete a business combination.

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements

We have no obligations, assets or liabilities which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships with
 unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet
 financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets.

Contractual Obligations

We do not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations, purchase obligations or long-term liabilities, other than an agreement to pay an affiliate of our Sponsor
 a monthly fee of 7,500, for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. We began incurring these fees on February 9, 2023 and will continue to incur these fees monthly until the earlier of the completion of our initial
 business combination or our liquidation.

Chardan is entitled to a deferred underwriting commission of 2,070,000. The deferred fee will be waived by Chardan in the event that we do not complete an initial business combination, subject to the
 terms of the underwriting agreement. Also, we have incurred legal fees related to our initial public offering of 100,000. These fees will only become due and payable upon the consummation of a business combination.

The holders of the founder shares, equity participation shares, placement units, and units that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans (and in each case holders of their component
 securities, as applicable) are entitled to registration rights pursuant to the registration rights agreement. These holders are entitled to make up to two demands, excluding short form registration demands, that we register such securities for sale
 under the Securities Act. In addition, these holders will have piggyback registration rights to include their securities in other registration statements filed by us. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such
 registration statements. Chardan may not exercise its demand and piggyback registration rights after five and seven years, respectively, after the date of our prospectus issued in connection with our initial public offering and may not exercise
 its demand rights on more than one occasion.

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
 affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those
 estimates. We have not identified any critical accounting estimates.

27 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk

The net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the Private Placement Units held in the Trust Account will be invested in U.S. government treasury bills with a
 maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Due to the short-term nature of these investments, we
 believe there will be no associated material exposure to interest rate risk.

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

This information appears following Item 15 of this Form 10-K and is included herein by reference.

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure

None.

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures

Controls and Procedures

Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer (together, the Certifying Officers ), we
 carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on the foregoing, our Certifying Officers concluded that
 our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report.

Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the
 Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information
 required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Certifying Officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions
 regarding required disclosure.

Management s Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting

This annual report on Form 10-K does not include a report of management s assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting or an attestation report of our independent registered public
 accounting firm due to a transition period established by rules of the SEC for newly public companies.

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the most recent fiscal quarter that have
 materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

Item 9B. Other Information

None.

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspection

Not applicable.

28 

PART III

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance

As of the date of this report, our current directors and executive officers are as follows:

Name

Age 

Position 

Kuk Hyoun Hwang

47 

Chief Executive Officer and Director

David J. Yoo

49 

Chief Financial Officer

Steven Reed

72 

Chairman of the Board

Jun Chul Whang

58 

Director

Rad Roberts

55 

Director

In Chul Chung

59 

Director

Hosun Euh

45 

Director

Jin Whan Park

55 

Director

Kuk Hyoun Hwang has been the Chief Executive Officer and a director of the Company since March 2020. Mr. Hwang is the Managing Partner of
 BCM, which he founded in August 2012. BCM is the South Korea advisor for Bellevue Asset Management AG, a subsidiary of Bellevue Group AG, a Swiss financial group holding company with global healthcare investing expertise which is publicly listed on
 the Swiss Exchange (SIX) and oversees assets under management of approximately 9 billion, primarily invested in private and public equities across the global healthcare sector. As a representative of BAM, Mr. Hwang has advised numerous clients,
 including end-investors and product distributors, on global healthcare investments with strategic sectoral approaches. He is also the Chief Executive Officer of BCM Europe, a position he has held since March 2020, and Chairman of Vaximm AG since
 November 2022. Since July 2019 until April 2021 and December 2022 to present, Mr. Hwang has also served as Chief Executive Officer of OSR Holdings Ltd., a global healthcare holding company and a wholly-owned subsidiary of BCM, where he has also
 served as chairman since July 2019. Prior to founding BCM in 2012, Mr. Hwang served with financial services firms in Korea and the U.S., including North Head Capital Partners LLC from 2011-2012, Kim Eng Research Korea and Kim Eng Securities USA from
 2006-2008, and Shinhan Investment Corp from 2002-2004 and 2006. Mr. Hwang received a BA in sociology from Korea University in 1998. We believe Mr. Hwang is well qualified as a director because of his significant investment and capital markets
 expertise within the healthcare industry.

David J. Yoo has been the Chief Financial Officer of the Company since September 2021. Mr. Yoo has over 25 years of experience in corporate finance,
 investment analysis and public company management. Since October 2022, Mr. Yoo has served as the Manager, Omnichannel Sales at Keeco LLC, a textile manufacturer. From October 2022 to July 2019, Mr. Yoo served as the executive director and operating
 management member of Decorstandard Corp., an early-stage designer and distributor of PVC and PPU-based interior solutions in Bergenfield, NJ. From March 2013 to January 2019, Mr. Yoo was the president and CEO of Agabang USA, Inc. the wholly-owned
 subsidiary of Agabang Company, Ltd, (KOSDAQ: 013990), a Korean vertically integrated retailer of infant and children s apparel and accessories. Before Agabang, Mr. Yoo was the managing director and partner, from August 2010 to March 2013, of
 China Select Capital Partners Corp. subsequently acquired by Roadman Investments Corp, a TSXV-listed investment issuer. Mr. Yoo was the CFO of Ord Mountain Resources Corp., (TSXV: OSR) a portfolio company of Roadman Investments Corp, from July 2019
 until February 2021. From 2008 to 2010, Mr. Yoo was the managing director at SF Investment, a Seoul-based private equity firm. Mr. Yoo was also at Early Bird Capital from 2004 to 2008, as a vice president in investment banking focused on Special
 Purpose Acquisition Companies. Mr. Yoo was previously in various investment analyst roles at firms including Dalewood Associates, Ardour Capital, KPMG International and the Doosan Group. He has served as a director and member of the audit committee
 at Tremisis Energy Acquisition Corp II (NYSE Amex: TGY). Mr. Yoo earned a B.A. in psychology from the University of California at Berkeley and an M.B.A. in finance from the Leonard N. Stern School of Business at New York University. We believe Mr.
 Yoo is well qualified as an officer because of his significant capital markets, investment and public company operating experiences.

Dr. Steven G. Reed has been Chairman of the Board of the Company since February 2023. In 2017 Dr. Reed, founded and now serves as President
 and Chief Executive Officer of HDT Bio, a biotechnology company focused on novel immunotherapy approaches for cancer and infectious diseases. In 2014, Dr. Reed founded Afrigen Biologics, a 

29 

company in Cape Town, South Africa, focused on vaccines for tuberculosis and other infectious diseases, where he served as Director until August 2019. In
 2008, Dr. Reed co-founded Immune Design Corp. (IMDZ, Nasdaq), a cancer therapeutics company, where he served as Chief Executive Officer until 2011. He also founded Dharma Therapeutics, a transdermal patch company, where he served as President from
 2005 to 2008. In 1994 he co-founded Corixa Corporation where he served as Executive Vice President and Chief Scientific Officer until 2004. Since 1993, Dr. Reed has served as both Adjunct Professor of Medicine at Cornell University Medical College in
 New York and as Research Professor of Pathobiology at the University of Washington. Dr. Reed founded the Infectious Disease Research Institute IDRI in Seattle in 1993 and served as its President and CEO from 2014 to December 2019. He serves on
 several editorial review committees, has served as a member of the Tropical Medicine Review Board of the National Institute of Health, and as a member of the Vaccine Development Steering Committee of the World Health Organization. Dr. Reed is the
 author of over 400 publications, holds more than 100 patents and has raised over 150 million in grants during his career. Dr. Reed earned a BA in Biology from Whitman College in 1973, a MS in Microbiology in 1977 from the University of Montana and a
 PhD in Microbiology and Immunology from the University of Montana in 1979. We believe Dr. Reed is qualified to serve as a member of our board because of his leadership skills demonstrated throughout his career spanning over 40 years in science,
 academia, entrepreneurship and executive management, and his extensive academic background and experience with companies in the diagnostics, vaccine and therapeutics fields.

 Jun Chul Whang has been a director of the Company since August 2020. Mr. Whang has been an advisor to BCM since January 2015, and starting in
 June 2018, has served as General Counsel and consultant to BCM. In August 2020, he became a member of BCM. As a member, Mr. Whang provides legal and strategic advice to BCM on cross-border transactional matters. Since April 2019, Mr. Whang has also
 been General Counsel to ELA Partners (an affiliate of Stonehaven, a global capital raising fintech platform), which specializes in capital raising for selective alternative investment opportunities globally. From May 2016 to May 2018, Mr. Whang was
 Partner at the law firm of Greenspoon Marder GM ). Mr. Whang was also Partner (having joined as an associate) at the law firm of Jacob, Medinger Finnegan, LLP JMF from July 1992 until May 2016, when JMF merged with GM. From 1990 to 1992,
 Mr. Whang was an associate attorney with Cadwalader Wickersham Taft. During his career as an attorney, Mr. Whang represented major international companies in product liability litigation and regulatory risk management domestically and
 internationally (Europe and Korea). His language capabilities include Korean, Spanish, French and Japanese (conversational). Mr. Whang earned a BA in Government from Dartmouth College in 1986, a JD from Cornell Law School in 1989, and an LLM in
 International and Comparative Law (with Distinction) from Georgetown Law Center in 1990. We believe Mr. Whang is well qualified to serve as a director because of his varied and extensive legal experience.

 Dr. Rad Roberts has been a director at the Company since February 2023. Dr. Roberts has served as Director of Corporate Relations for the
 University of Washington since January 2015, where he is responsible for starting and growing partnerships between University of Washington health sciences researchers and life science companies, including pharma, biopharma, and medical device
 companies. Since September 2018, he has served as Co-chair for the Life Sciences Committee for Keiretsu Northwest, an investor network, where he runs the group that screens early stage companies and helps them prepare for the Keiretsu investor
 forums. Since January 2015, Dr. Roberts has been a consultant to Elysium Holdings, working on a National Science Foundation contract to train Industrial Liaison Officers at National Science Foundation-funded Engineering Research Centers around the
 United States. Dr. Roberts earned a B.S. at Stanford University in 1990, a Ph.D. in Biology, focusing on genetics and biochemistry, at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1997, and conducted post-doctoral work at the University of
 Washington. We believe that Dr. Roberts is qualified to serve as a member of our board because of his significant experience advising and evaluating early stage life science companies, including therapeutics companies, as well as building
 partnerships with pharma and other large companies.

 Dr. In Chul Chung has been a director at the Company since February 2023. Dr. Chang has served as Chief Executive Officer of Panacea Ltd., an
 industrial manufacturing, distribution and biotech drug research and development company, since August 2021. As Chief Executive Officer of Panacea, Ltd., Dr. Chang is responsible for the overall strategic direction, business developments, corporate
 finance and operating activities of the company. Dr. Chung served as Chief Financial Officer of CrystalGenomics Inc., a publicly-listed biopharmaceutical company in South Korea, from January 2016 to December 2021. As Chief Financial Officer of
 CrystalGenomics Inc., Dr. Chung headed the Corporate Planning and Strategies department and his responsibilities encompass business developments, financial planning and management, international relations and strategic investments. From November 2014
 to 

30 

December 2015, Dr. Chung was both a Visiting Professor at Seoul School of Integrated Sciences Technologies and Senior Advisor at Alix Partners, where
 his responsibilities included advising in connection with execution of a turnaround project for a semiconductor company. Additionally, Dr. Chung was Senior Executive Vice President at the STX Group, from 2011 to 2014, Partner with consulting firm
 A.T. Kearney, from 2001 to 2008 and Co-Founder and Partner of the Korean office of global consulting firm Monitor Group, from 1989 to 2000. Dr. Chung received a BS in Business Administration from Seoul National University in 1986, an MBA from Seoul
 National University Graduate School of Business Administration in 1988 and PhD in International Business and Strategy from Seoul National University Graduate School of Business Administration in 1997. We believe Dr. Chung is well qualified to serve
 as a director because of his experience in the areas of corporate strategic planning, mergers and acquisitions and business strategies.

 Hosun Euh has been a director at the Company since February 2023. Mr. Euh founded and has served as Managing Partner of VTI Partners Ltd., a
 private equity firm based in South Korea, since June 2021. Prior to this, Mr. Euh joined Goldman Sachs Korea in 2007 and served in various investment banking positions until June 2021. From June 2018 to March 2021, he served as Chief Operating
 Officer of Investment Banking Division at Goldman Sachs Korea, responsible for covering Korean conglomerates and financial sponsors as well as execution of M A and capital market transactions. Prior to Goldman Sachs, he was employed at Lazard
 Asia Ltd. from 2006 to 2007 and Samsung Securities Co., Ltd. from 2003 to 2006 focusing on M A advisory. Since 2003, Mr. Euh has completed over 50 M A, capital markets and activism defense advisory transactions. Mr. Euh earned a Bachelor of
 Business Administration from Korea University in 2003. We believe Mr. Euh is qualified to serve as a member of our board because of his extensive transactional expertise in capital markets.

Jin Whan Park has been a director at the Company since February 2023. Mr. Park has served as Chief Executive Officer of JWP Partners since founding the
 firm in 2011. From 2006 to 2012, Mr. Park was Director and Head of Investment Banking at Yuhwa Securities, where he advised on M A transactions for corporate clients listed on the KOSDAQ. From 2008 to 2009, he was President of Biomass Korea,
 where he negotiated a supplier contract with Samsung Electronics and oversaw biomass production. From 2001 to 2006, he was Deputy Chief Executive Officer of AdNetworks where he provided investment consulting services for public companies in Korea.
 From 2000 to 2001, Mr. Park was Chief Financial Officer and Chief Marketing Officer at KRBIZ, which was an IT consulting business with major clients including Samsung, Korea University and Nonghyup Credit Agricole Asset Management. Mr. Park began his
 career at Hana Bank in their Corporate Finance Unit, where he worked as a loan officer and credit analyst from 1994 to 2000. Mr. Park is an active board member at Sungbo Scholarship Foundation, a family trust established in September 2018 by the
 founders of Yuhwa Securities. Mr. Park received his BA in Business Administration from Korea University in 1994. We believe Mr. Park is well qualified to serve as a director considering his history of company leadership and track record in executing
 transactions.

Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors

We have seven directors and two officers upon completion of this offering. In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance
 requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. The term of office of our initial directors will expire at our first annual meeting of stockholders.

 Our officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for
 specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our bylaws as it deems appropriate. Our bylaws provide that our officers may consist of a Chairman of the Board, a Chief Executive
 Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President, Vice Presidents, Secretary, Treasurer, Assistant Secretaries and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors.

Committees of the Board of Directors

Our board of directors has two standing committees: an audit committee and a compensation committee. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, Nasdaq rules and Rule 10A-3 of
 the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors, and Nasdaq rules require that the compensation committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors.

Audit Committee

We have establish an audit committee of the board of directors. Dr. Chung and Messrs. Park and Euh serve as members of our audit committee, and Dr. Chung is the chair of the audit committee. Under
 the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least three members of the audit committee, all of whom must be independent. Each of Dr. Chung and Messrs. Park and Euh meet the independent director standard under
 Nasdaq listing standards and under Rule 10-A-3(b)(1) of the Exchange Act.

31 

Each member of the audit committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that Mr. Park qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC
 rules.

We have adopted an audit committee charter which details the principal functions of the audit committee, including:

the appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us;

pre-approving all audit and permitted non-audit services to be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures;

setting clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent registered public accounting firm, including but not limited to, as required by applicable laws and regulations;

setting clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations;

obtaining and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent registered public accounting firm describing (i) the independent registered public accounting firm s internal quality-control procedures, (ii) any material issues
 raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities within the preceding five years respecting one or more independent
 audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues and (iii) all relationships between the independent registered public accounting firm and us to assess the independent registered public accounting firm s
 independence;

reviewing and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and 

reviewing with management, the independent registered public accounting firm, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any
 employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities.

Our Audit Committee Charter is included as an exhibit to this annual report on Form 10-K. You can also review the Audit Committee
 Charter by accessing our public filings at the SEC s web site at www.sec.gov.

Compensation Committee

We have establish a compensation committee of the board of directors. Drs. Reed and Roberts serve as members of our compensation committee. Under the
 Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least two members of the compensation committee, all of whom must be independent. Drs. Reed and Roberts are independent and Dr. Reed is the chair of the compensation
 committee.

 We have adopted a compensation committee charter details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including:

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation, if any is paid by us, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and
 objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation;

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the compensation, if any is paid by us, of all of our other officers;

reviewing on an annual basis our executive compensation policies and plans;

implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans;

32 

assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements;

approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees;

if required, producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and

reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors.

Our Compensation Committee Charter is included as an exhibit to this annual report on Form 10-K. You can also review the Compensation Committee Charter by accessing our public
 filings at the SEC s web site at www.sec.gov.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, as indicated above, other than the payment to an affiliate of our Sponsor of 7,500 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and
 administrative support, reimbursement of expenses, and payment to BCM and/or any of its affiliates, partners or employees a fee for financial advisory services rendered in connection with our initial business combination, no compensation of any kind,
 including finders, consulting or other similar fees, will be paid to any of our existing stockholders, officers, directors or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate the consummation of an
 initial business combination. Accordingly, it is likely that prior to the consummation of an initial business combination, the compensation committee will only be responsible for the review and recommendation of any compensation arrangements to be
 entered into in connection with such initial business combination.

The charter will also provide that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other advisor and will be
 directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such advisor. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any
 other advisor, the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such advisor, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC.

Director Nominations

 We do not have a standing nominating committee though we intend to form a corporate governance and nominating committee as and when required to do so by law or Nasdaq rules. In
 accordance with Rule 5605 of the Nasdaq rules, a majority of the independent directors may recommend a director nominee for selection by the board of directors. The board of directors believes that the independent directors can satisfactorily carry
 out the responsibility of properly selecting or approving director nominees without the formation of a standing nominating committee. The directors who will participate in the consideration and recommendation of director nominees are Drs. Reed,
 Roberts and Chung and Mr. Euh and Mr. Park. In accordance with Rule 5605 of the Nasdaq rules, all such directors are independent. As there is no standing nominating committee, we do not have a nominating committee charter in place.

 The board of directors will also consider director candidates recommended for nomination by our stockholders during such times as they are seeking proposed nominees to stand for
 election at the next annual meeting of stockholders (or, if applicable, a special meeting of stockholders). Our stockholders that wish to nominate a director for election to our board of directors should follow the procedures set forth in our bylaws.

We have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for
 director, the board of directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests of our
 stockholders.

Code of Ethics

We have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. Our Code of Ethics is included as an exhibit to this annual report on Form 10-K. You can also review the
 Code of Ethics by accessing our public filings at the SEC s web site at www.sec.gov. In addition, a copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain
 provisions of our Code of Ethics in a current report on Form 8-K.

33 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

None of our officers has received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. We have paid and will continue to pay an affiliate of our Sponsor a total of 7,500 per month for office space,
 utilities and secretarial and administrative support. Upon completion of our initial business combination, we will cease paying these monthly fees. No compensation of any kind, including any finder s fee, reimbursement, consulting fee or monies in
 respect of any payment of a loan, will be paid by us to our Sponsor, officers, directors or any affiliate of our Sponsor, officers or directors, prior to, or in connection with any services rendered in order to effectuate, the consummation of our
 initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is) except that we may pay BCM and/or any of its affiliates, partners or employees a fee for financial advisory services rendered in connection with our identification,
 negotiation and consummation of our initial business combination; the amount of any fee we pay to BCM and/or any of its affiliates, partners or employees will be based upon the prevailing market for similar services for such transactions at such
 time, and will be subject to the review of our audit committee pursuant to the audit committee s policies and procedures relating to transactions that may present conflicts of interest. Our officers and directors will be reimbursed for any
 out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all
 payments that were made to our Sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or our or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination will be made using funds held outside the Trust Account. Other than quarterly audit committee
 review of such payments, we do not expect to have any additional controls in place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and executive officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with identifying and consummating
 an initial business combination.

Our Sponsor has transferred 20,000 founder shares to each of Drs. Chung, Reed and Roberts and Mssrs. Euh and Park for their board service and Mr. Yoo for his service as chief
 financial officer. Our Sponsor additionally transferred 20,000 private placement warrants to each of Dr. Reed for his service as chairman of the board of directors, Dr. Chung for his service as chair of the audit committee, and Mr. Yoo for his
 service as chief financial officer.

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters

The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of March 27, 2023 based on information obtained from the persons named below, with respect to the
 beneficial ownership of shares, by:

each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding shares of common stock;

each of our executive officers and directors that beneficially owns shares of our common stock; and

all our executive officers and directors as a group.

In the table below, percentage ownership is based on 9,055,000 shares of our common stock (including an aggregate of 430,000 placement shares) issued and outstanding as of March 27, 2023.

Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially owned by them. The following table
 does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of the private placement warrants as these private placement warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of the date of this report.

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 

Number of 
 Shares 
 Beneficially 
 Owned 

Approximate 
 Percentage of 
 Outstanding 
 Common Stock 

Bellevue Global Life Sciences Investors LLC (2)(3) 

1,320,500

14.6 

Kuk Hyoun Hwang (2)(3) 

1,320,500

14.6 

BCM Europe (3) 

680,000

7.5 

David J. Yoo (4) 

20,000

Jun Chul Whang (5) 

Steven Reed (4) 

20,000

Rad Roberts (4) 

20,000

In Chul Chung (4) 

20,000

Hosun Euh (4) 

20,000

Jin Whan Park (4) 

20,000

All executive officers and directors as a group (8 individuals)

1,440,500

15.9 

34 

____________________________

Less than one percent.

(1)

The business address of each of these entities and individuals is at 10900 NE 4 th Street, Suite 2300, Bellevue, WA 98036.

(2)

Interests consists of (i) 1,725,000 founder shares, (ii) the transfer of 34,500 shares to Chardan, (iii) 430,000 placement shares (but excludes any shares issuable upon exercise of the
 placement warrants or upon conversion of the placement rights) held of record by our Sponsor, (iv) the transfer of 680,000 shares to BCM Europe, and (v) the transfer of 120,000 shares by our Sponsor to our Mr. Yoo and our directors. Mr. Hwang, our Chief Executive Officer and a Director, is the founder and managing partner of Bellevue Capital Management LLC, the general partner of our Sponsor, and has voting and dispositive power over the
 shares. 

(3)

The promissory note between our Sponsor and BCM Europe is convertible into 680,000 shares of common stock held by our Sponsor at the election of either our Sponsor or BCM Europe on or
 after the commencement of this offering (which will not result in any additional dilution or issuance of additional shares by the Company).

(4)

The Sponsor transferred 20,000 founder shares to each of these individuals for their service to the Company.

(5) 

Interest do not include shares held by our Sponsor. Mr Whang is a minority owner of our Sponsor but has no voting or dispositive power over the
 shares held by our Sponsor.

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Table

None.

Changes in Control

None.

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence

On July 30, 2020, we issued an aggregate of 1,437,500 founder shares to our Sponsor for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000 in cash, or approximately 0.017 per share. On April 25, 2022, we
 executed a stock split, resulting in an aggregate of 1,725,000 founder shares held by our Sponsor (of which up to 225,000 shares were subject to forfeiture in the event the underwriter s Over-Allotment Option was not exercised in full). At the
 closing of our initial public offering, our Sponsor transferred 20,000 founder shares to each of our directors and 20,000 placement warrants each to our directors who are serving as our Chairman of the Board of Directors and the chair of our audit
 committee. On March 23, 2023, our Sponsor also transferred 20,000 founder shares and 20,000 placement warrants to Mr. Yoo for his service as Chief Financial Officer.

 Our Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 430,000 Private Placement Units at a price of 10.00 per unit, for an aggregate purchase price of 4,300,000, at the closing of our initial
 public offering. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to the founder shares or placement shares, and the placement warrants and placement rights will expire worthless if we do not
 consummate a business combination within the allotted 9 month period or such other time period as our stockholders may approve.

 On March 31, 2022, our Sponsor entered into a promissory note with BCM Europe in the principal amount of 3,400,000 with a maturity date of December 9, 2023 (the BCM Europe Note ).
 The proceeds of the BCM Europe Note were used to fund our Sponsor s purchase of the Private Placement Units. The BCM Europe Note is convertible at the election of either our Sponsor or BCM Europe into 680,000 shares of common stock held by our
 Sponsor. 

35 

Additionally, on February 2, 2023, our Sponsor entered into a promissory note with BCM Europe in the principal amount of 2,000,000 with a maturity date of
 February 2, 2024 (the BCM Europe Note 2023 ). The proceeds of the BCM Europe Note 2023 will be used, if necessary, to fund expenses in connection with our initial business combination. The BCM Europe Note 2023 is not convertible into any shares of
 common stock held by our Sponsor.

 We may pay BCM and/or any of its affiliates, partners or employees a fee for financial advisory services rendered in connection with our identification, negotiation and consummation
 of our initial business combination. The amount of any fee we pay to BCM and/or any of its affiliates, partners or employees will be based upon the prevailing market for similar services for such transactions at such time, and will be subject to the
 review of our audit committee pursuant to the audit committee s policies and procedures relating to transactions that may present conflicts of interest.

 Commencing on the date of our prospectus issued in connection with our initial public offering, we have agreed to pay BCM, an affiliate of members of our Sponsor, a total of 7,500
 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees.

Other than the foregoing, no compensation of any kind, including any finder s fee, reimbursement, consulting fee or monies in respect of any payment of a loan, will be paid by us to our Sponsor,
 officers, directors or any affiliate of our Sponsor, officers, directors prior to, or in connection with any services rendered in order to effectuate, the consummation of an initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it
 is). However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our
 audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our Sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or our or their affiliates and will determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no
 cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. Our Sponsor had loaned to us 1,200,000 under promissory notes which was used to
 pay a portion of the expenses of our initial public offering. These loans were non-interest bearing, unsecured and are due at the earlier of November 29, 2023 or the closing of our initial public offering. At the closing of our initial public
 offering, the promissory notes were be deemed to be repaid and settled in connection with the private placement.

 In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our Sponsors, officers and directors or their affiliates may, but are
 not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete an initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that the initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital
 held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our Trust Account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,000,000 of such loans may be convertible into Units, at a price of 10.00 per unit at the option of the
 lender, upon consummation of our initial business combination. The Units issuable upon conversion of the working capital loans would be identical to the placement units. The terms of such loans by our Sponsor, officers and directors or their
 affiliates, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our Sponsor, officer and directors or their affiliates as we do not believe third parties
 will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our Trust Account. Loans made by Chardan or any of its related persons, if any, will not be convertible into any of our securities and
 Chardan and its related persons will have no recourse with respect to their ability to convert their loans into any of our securities.

 After our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any and all
 amounts being fully disclosed to our stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, furnished to our stockholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time
 of distribution of such tender offer materials or at the time of a stockholder meeting held to consider our initial business combination, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and
 director compensation.

 The holders of the founder shares, equity participation shares, placement units, and units that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans (and in each case holders of
 their component securities, as applicable) will have registration rights to require us to register a sale of any of our securities held by them pursuant to a registration 

36 

rights agreement to be signed prior to or on the effective date of this offering. These holders will be entitled to make up to two demands, excluding short
 form registration demands, that we register such securities for sale under the Securities Act. In addition, these holders will have piggy-back registration rights to include their securities in other registration statements filed by us. Chardan may
 not exercise its demand and piggyback registration rights after five and seven years, respectively, after the effective date of the registration statement and may not exercise its demand rights on more than one occasion.

 Related Party Policy

We have not yet adopted a formal policy for the review, approval or ratification of related party transactions. Accordingly, the transactions discussed above were not reviewed, approved or ratified
 in accordance with any such policy.

We have adopted a code of ethics requiring us to avoid, wherever possible, all conflicts of interests, except under guidelines or resolutions approved by our board of directors (or the appropriate
 committee of our board) or as disclosed in our public filings with the SEC. Under our code of ethics, conflict of interest situations will include any financial transaction, arrangement or relationship (including any indebtedness or guarantee of
 indebtedness) involving the company.

In addition, our audit committee is responsible for reviewing and approving related party transactions to the extent that we enter into such transactions. An affirmative vote of a majority of the
 members of the audit committee present at a meeting at which a quorum is present will be required in order to approve a related party transaction. A majority of the members of the entire audit committee will constitute a quorum. Without a meeting,
 the unanimous written consent of all of the members of the audit committee will be required to approve a related party transaction. We also require each of our directors and executive officers to complete a directors and officers questionnaire that
 elicits information about related party transactions.

 These procedures are intended to determine whether any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a conflict of interest on the part of a
 director, employee or officer.

 To further minimize conflicts of interest, we have agreed not to consummate an initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated with any of our Sponsor, officers or
 directors unless we have obtained an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of
 view and a majority of our disinterested independent directors approve such business combination. Furthermore, no finder s fees, reimbursements, consulting fee, monies in respect of any payment of a loan or other compensation will be paid by us to
 our Sponsor, officers, directors or any affiliate of our Sponsor, officers, directors prior to, for services rendered to us prior to, or in connection with any services rendered in order to effectuate, the consummation of our initial business
 combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). However, the following payments will be made to our Sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates, none of which will be made from the proceeds of our initial public offering
 held in the Trust Account prior to the completion of our initial business combination:

Payment to an affiliate of our Sponsor of 7,500 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support until the closing of our initial business combination;

we may pay BCM and/or any of its affiliates, partners or employees a fee for financial advisory services rendered in connection with our identification, negotiation and consummation of our initial business combination; the amount of any
 fee we pay to BCM and/or any of its affiliates, partners or employees will be based upon the prevailing market for similar services for such transactions at such time, and will be subject to the review of our audit committee pursuant to the
 audit committee s policies and procedures relating to transactions that may present conflicts of interest;

Reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial business combination; and

37 

Repayment of loans which may be made by our Sponsor, officers and directors or their affiliates to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, the terms of which have not been determined nor have
 any written agreements been executed with respect thereto. Up to 1,000,000 of such loans may be convertible into Units, at a price of 10.00 per unit at the option of the lender, upon consummation of our initial business combination. The
 Units issuable upon conversion of the working capital loans would be identical to the placement units. Loans made by Chardan or any of its related persons, if any, will not be convertible into any of our securities and Chardan and its related
 persons will have no recourse with respect to their ability to convert their loans into any of our securities.

Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our Sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or our or their affiliates.

Director Independence

Nasdaq listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined generally as a person other than an
 officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship which in the opinion of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the
 responsibilities of a director. Our board of directors has determined that each of Drs. Reed, Roberts and Chung and Mr. Euh and Mr. Park is an independent director as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards
 and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services

The following is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to WithumSmith+Brown, PC, or Withum, for services rendered.

Audit Fees . Audit fees consist of fees for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that
 are normally provided by Withum in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees of Withum for professional services rendered for the audit of our financial statements and other required filings with the SEC for the year ended December 31,
 2022 totaled approximately 52,000. The above amounts include interim procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at audit committee meetings.

Audit-Related Fees . Audit-related fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of
 the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards.
 During the year ended December 31, 2022 we did not pay Withum any audit-related fees.

Tax Fees . We did not pay Withum for tax services, planning or advice for the year ended December 31, 2022.

All Other Fees . We did not pay Withum for any other services for the year ended December 31, 2022.

Pre-Approval Policy

Our audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our initial public offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although any
 services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and
 permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to
 the completion of the audit).

38 

PART IV

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules

The following documents are filed as part of this report:

1.

Financial Statements: See Index to Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this annual report on Form 10-K.

2.

Financial Statement Schedule: Not applicable.

3.

Exhibits: The exhibits listed in the accompanying Exhibit Index are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this Form 10-K.

EXHIBIT INDEX

Exhibit

Description

1.1 

Underwriting Agreement, dated February 9, 2023, between the Company and Chardan, as representative of the underwriters (Incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 1.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41390) filed with the SEC on February 15, 2023 

3.1 

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No.
 001-41390) filed with the SEC on February 15, 2023 

3.2 

By-Laws (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Amendment No. 1 to the Company s Form S-1 (File No. 333-264597) filed with the SEC on May
 10, 2022 

4.1 

Specimen Unit Certificate (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Amendment No. 3 to the Company s Form S-1 (File No. 333-264597) filed with
 the SEC on October 7, 2022 

4.2 

Specimen Common Stock Certificate (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Form S-1 (File No. 333-264597) filed with the SEC on
 April 29, 2022 

4.3 

Specimen Warrant Certificate (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Amendment No. 2 to the Company s Form S-1 (File No. 333-264597) filed
 with the SEC on May 13, 2022 

4.4 

Warrant Agreement, dated February 9, 2023, between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Registrant (Incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41390) filed with the SEC on February 15, 2023 

4.5 

Specimen Rights Certificate (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to Amendment No. 3 to the Company s Form S-1 (File No. 333-264597) filed
 with the SEC on October 7, 2022 

4.6 

Rights Agreement, dated February 9, 2023, between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Registrant (Incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41390) filed with the SEC on February 15, 2023 

4.7 

Description of Securities 

10.1 

Form of Letter Agreement among the Registrant and our officers, directors, Chardan Capital Markets, LLC and Bellevue Global Life Sciences
 Investors LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Amendment No. 3 to the Company s Form S-1 (File No. 333-264597) filed with the SEC on October 7, 2022 

10.2 

Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated February 7, 2023, between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Registrant
 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41390) filed with the SEC on February 15, 2023 

10.3 

Registration Rights Agreement, dated February 9, 2023, between the Registrant and certain security holders (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41390) filed with the SEC on February 15, 2023 

10.4 

Amended and Restated Securities Subscription Agreement, dated April 22, 2022, between the Registrant and Bellevue Global Life Sciences Investors
 LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Form S-1 (File No. 333-264597) filed with the SEC on April 29, 2022 

10.5 

Amended and Restated Placement Unit Purchase Agreement, dated February 9, 2023 between the Registrant and Bellevue Global Life Sciences
 Investors LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41390) filed with the SEC on February 15, 2023 

10.6 

Form of Indemnity Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Form S-1 (File No. 333-264597) filed with the SEC on
 April 29, 2022 

10.7 

Amended and Restated Administrative Support Agreement, dated February 9, 2023, by and between the Registrant and Bellevue Capital Management LLC
 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41390) filed with the SEC on February 15, 2023 

10.8 

Form of Letter Agreement regarding Sponsor Indemnification (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to Amendment No. 5 to the Company s Form
 S-1 (File No. 333-264597) filed with the SEC on January 20, 2023 

10.9 

Stock Escrow Agreement, dated February 9, 2023, by and among Bellevue Life Sciences Acquisition Corp., Continental Stock Transfer Trust
 Company, and Bellevue Global Life Sciences Investors, LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41390) filed with the SEC on February 15, 2023 

14.1 

Code of Ethics (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to the Company s Form S-1 (File No. 333-264597) filed with the SEC on April 29, 2022 

24 

Power of Attorney (included on signature page) 

31.1 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted
 pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 

Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted
 pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 

Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

99.1 

Audit Committee Charter (Incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s Form S-1 (File No. 333-264597) filed with the SEC on April 29, 2022 

99.2 

Compensation Committee Charter (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Company s
 Form S-1 (File No. 333-264597) filed with the SEC on April 29, 2022) 

39 

101.INS

XBRL Instance Document 

101.CAL

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.SCH

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.DEF

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 

101.PRE

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY

Not applicable.

40 

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly
 authorized, on March 31, 2023.

BELLEVUE LIFE SCIENCES ACQUISITION CORP.

By:

/s/ Kuk Hyoun Hwang

Name:

Kuk Hyoun Hwang

Title:

Chief Executive Officer

POWER OF ATTORNEY

The undersigned directors and officers of Bellevue Life Sciences Acquisition Corp. constitute and appoint Kuk Hyoun Hwang as his true and lawful attorney-in-fact, with full power of substitution,
 for him in any and all capacities, to sign any amendments to this Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming
 all that each attorney-in-fact, or his substitute, may do or case to be done by virtue hereof.

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates
 indicated.

Name

Position

Date

/s/ Kuk Hyoun Hwang

Chief Executive Officer and Director

March 31, 2023

Kuk Hyoun Hwang

(Principal Executive Officer)

/s/ David J. Yoo

Chief Financial Officer

March 31, 2023

David J. Yoo

(Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)

/s/ Steven Reed

Chairman of the Board

March 31, 2023

Steven Reed

/s/ Jun Chul Whang

Director

March 31, 2023

Jun Chul Whang

/s/ Radclyffe Roberts

Director

March 31, 2023

Radclyffe Roberts

/s/ In Chul Chung

Director

March 31, 2023

In Chul Chung

/s/ Hosun Euh

Director

March 31, 2023

Hosun Euh

/s/ Jin Whan Park

Director

March 31, 2023

Jin Whan Park

41 

BELLEVUE LIFE SCIENCES ACQUISITION CORP.

 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID #100) 

F-2 

Financial Statements:

Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

F-4 

Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

F-5 

Statements of Changes in Stockholder s Deficit for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

F-6 

Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

F-7 

Notes to Financial Statements 

F-8 

F-1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of

 Bellevue Life Sciences Acquisition Corp.

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Bellevue Life Sciences Acquisition Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of
 operations, changes in stockholder s deficit and cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in
 all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally
 accepted in the United States of America.

Going Concern

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, if the Company is unable to raise additional
 funds to alleviate liquidity needs and complete a business combination by November 14, 2023, then the Company will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The liquidity condition and date for mandatory liquidation and
 subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that
 might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm
 registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of
 the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
 statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to
 obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.

F-2 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a
 test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
 presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020.

March 31, 2023

 PCAOB Number 

F-3 

BELLEVUE LIFE SCIENCES ACQUISITION CORP.

 BALANCE SHEETS

December 31,

2022

2021

Assets

Current assets:

Cash

Total current assets

Deferred offering costs

Total Assets

Liabilities and Stockholder s Deficit

Current liabilities:

Accounts payable and accrued expenses

Accrued offering costs

Notes payable - related party

Due to affiliate

Total current liabilities

Total liabilities

Commitments and Contingencies

Stockholder s Deficit

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; issued or outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

-

-

Common stock, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 (1) (2)

Additional paid-in capital

Accumulated deficit

Total stockholder s deficit

Total Liabilities and Stockholder s Deficit

(1)

(2)

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.

F-4 

BELLEVUE LIFE SCIENCES ACQUISITION CORP.

 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

For the Years Ended

December 31,

2022

2021

EXPENSES

General and administrative expenses

Total expenses

NET LOSS

WEIGHTED AVERAGE SHARES OUTSTANDING, BASIC AND DILUTED (1) (2)

BASIC AND DILUTED NET LOSS PER SHARE

(1)

(2)

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.

F-5 

BELLEVUE LIFE SCIENCES ACQUISITION CORP.

 STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDER S DEFICIT

 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Total

Common Stock

Additional

Accumulated

Stockholder s

Shares (1) (2)

Amount

Paid-in Capital

Deficit

Equity (Deficit)

Balance December 31, 2020

Net loss

-

-

-

Balance December 31, 2021

Net loss

-

-

-

Balance, December 31, 2022

(1)

(2)

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.

F-6 

BELLEVUE LIFE SCIENCES ACQUISITION CORP.

 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

For the Years Ended

December 31,

2022

2021

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES

Net loss

Changes in operating assets and liabilities:

Accounts payable and accrued expenses

Net cash flows used in operating activities

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES

Payment of offering costs

Proceeds from note payable - Sponsor

Repayments to affiliate

-

Proceeds from affiliate

Net cash flows used in financing activities

NET CHANGE IN CASH

CASH, BEGINNING OF YEAR

CASH, END OF YEAR

Supplemental disclosure of noncash activities:

Deferred offering costs included in accrued offering costs

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.

F-7 

BELLEVUE LIFE SCIENCES ACQUISITION CORP.

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

or more businesses or entities (the Business Combination ). The Company is an emerging growth company and, as such, the Company is subject to all of the risks associated with emerging growth companies.

units, Units and, with respect to the common stock included in the Units being offered, the Public Shares ), generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 3.

Over-Allotment Option Units at a price of per unit generated total gross proceeds of .

Units (the Private Placement Units ), to the Bellevue Global Life Sciences Investors LLC (the Sponsor at a price of per Placement Unit, for an aggregate purchase price of . Each Unit and Private Placement Unit consists of share of common stock, par value (the Common Stock ), a warrant to purchase share of Common Stock (the Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants and collectively, the Warrants and right which entitles the holder thereof to receive one-tenth (1/10) of a share of common stock (the Public Rights and Private Placement Rights and collectively the Rights ), as described in Notes 3 and 4.

F-8 

of the assets held in the Trust Account (as defined below) (excluding the amount of deferred underwriting fees and taxes payable on income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial Business Combination. However, the Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ).

was placed in a trust account Trust Account located in the United States with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee, and invested only in United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account as described below.

upon such consummation of a Business Combination and a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. If a stockholder vote is not required by law and the Company does not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation ), conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however, stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or the Company decides to obtain stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares 

F-9 

of more of the shares of Common Stock (as defined in Note 1) sold in the Initial Public Offering.

of its Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination within or such other time period as the stockholders may approve from the closing of the Initial Public Offering (the Combination Period or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity, unless the Company provides the Public Stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public shares in conjunction with such an amendment.

of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of the then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as 

F-10 

in its operating bank account and a working capital deficit of . The Company s liquidity needs prior to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering had been satisfied through proceeds from advances 

F-11 

F-12 

in cash held in its operating account as of December 31, 2022. The Company had cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 and 2021.

F-13 

Public Units, each Public Unit is comprised of share of common stock, par value, a warrant to purchase share of Common Stock, and Public Right to receive one-tenth (1/10) of one share of Common Stock. Simultaneously, with the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, the Company engaged in a private placement and issued placement units that are identical to the Public Unit, which included the issuance and delivery of aggregate of Placement Rights underlying Placement Units (the Placement Rights , and together with the Public Rights and such other rights as the Company issues from time to time hereunder, the Rights ).

F-14 

additional Units to cover over-allotments. ASC 480-25-8 requires an entity to classify as a liability any financial instrument, other than an outstanding share, that, at inception, both embodies an obligation to repurchase the issuer s equity shares or is indexed to such an obligation and requires or may require the issuer to settle the obligation by transferring assets. The Unit could not qualify for equity classification if it were a separate Unit of account. In turn, the over-allotment option, which can only be exercised for a Unit during a 45-day period, would not qualify for equity classification under the same premise.

representative shares Equity Participation Shares ), including over-allotment, which will be issued upon the completion of the Initial Business Combination.

shares of common stock that are subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised by the underwriters. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, the Company did not have any dilutive securities and other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into common stock and then share in the earnings of the Company. As a result, diluted loss per common share is the same as basic loss per common share for the period presented.

F-15 

Units at a price of per Unit. On February 17, 2023, the underwriters exercised their over-allotment option to purchase an additional Units. Each Unit consists of share of common stock, redeemable warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase share of Common Stock at a price of per share, subject to adjustment, and right which entitles the holder thereof to receive one-tenth (1/10) of a share of common stock (see Note 6). Each warrant will become exercisable days after the consummation of an initial business combination, and will expire after the completion of an initial business combination, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. Each right entitles the holder thereof to receive one-tenth (1/10) of a share of common stock upon the consummation of an initial business combination, as described in more detail below. Each rights entitle the holder thereof to receive one share of common stock at the closing of a business combination.

shares of the Company s Common Stock (the Founder Shares for an aggregate purchase price of , or approximately per share. Founder Shares held by the Company s sponsor, of which up to Founder Shares are subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part, so that the Founder Shares (including the Equity Participation Shares) will represent of the Company s issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock after the Initial Public Offering (excluding shares of Common Stock underlying the Private Placement Units). 

after the completion of the initial Business Combination or (B) subsequent to the initial Business Combination, (x) if the last sale price of the Common Stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock 

F-16 

trading days within any -day trading period commencing at least days after the initial Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of the stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of Common Stock for cash, securities or other property.

Private Placement Units at a price of per Private Placement Unit in a private placement that occurred simultaneously with the consummation of the Initial Public Offering. Each Private Placement Unit consists of share of Common Stock, redeemable warrant entitling the holder to purchase share of Common Stock, and right which entitles the holder thereof to receive one-tenth (1/10) of a share of common stock. The Private Placement Warrants are exercisable only to purchase whole shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 6). Proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Units were added to the net proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete the initial Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Units held in the Trust Account will be included in the liquidating distribution to the holders of the Public Shares.

days after the completion of the Business Combination.

or upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. The outstanding balance was and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

F-17 

of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into Units at a price of per Unit. The Units would be identical to the Private Placement Units. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. Loans made by Chardan or any of its related persons, if any, will not be convertible into any of the Company s securities, and Chardan and its related persons will have no recourse with respect to their ability to convert their loans into any of the Company s securities. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, no Working Capital Loans were outstanding.

per month for office space, utilities, secretarial and administrative support. Upon completion of the Business Combination or the Company s liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees.

. On February 17, 2022, the Company repaid to the Sponsor. On April 28, 2022, the Sponsor agreed to advance the Company up to an additional . On April 29, 2022, the Sponsor agreed to advance an additional . These advances are due on demand and are non-interest bearing. The outstanding balance was and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

demands, excluding short form demands, that the Company register such securities. In addition, these holders have certain piggyback registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the completion of the Business Combination and rights to require the Company to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection 

F-18 

additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any, at the Initial Public Offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions.

per Unit, or in the aggregate, equal to of the gross proceeds of the Initial Public Offering (or in the aggregate if the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full), payable upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering; provided that for each Unit purchased by investors that are sourced by the Sponsor, such underwriting discount was reduced to per Unit payable in cash. In addition, per Unit, or approximately in the aggregate (or in the aggregate if the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full) will be payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amount held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. In addition, the underwriters are entitled to receive shares of Common Stock (or shares if the underwriters over- allotment option is exercised in full) from the Sponsor, which will be placed in escrow until the consummation of an initial Business Combination. Such shares paid to the underwriters are referred to as the Equity Participation Shares. If a Business Combination is not consummated, the Equity Participation Shares will be returned to the Sponsor. The Equity Participation Shares have been deemed compensation by Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA and are therefore subject to a lock-up for a period of 180 days immediately following the effective date of the registration statement related to the Initial Public Offering pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(e)(1). Pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(e)(1), these securities will not be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put or call transaction that would result in the economic disposition of the securities by any person for a period of 180 days immediately following the effective date of the registration statements related to the Initial Public Offering, nor may they be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated for a period of 180 days immediately following the effective date of the registration statements related to the Initial Public Offering except to any underwriter and selected dealer participating in the Initial Public Offering and their bona fide officers or partners. Chardan may not exercise its demand and piggyback registration rights after five and seven years, respectively, after the effective date of the registration statement and may not exercise its demand rights on more than one occasion. 

F-19 

shares of preferred stock with a par value of per share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding.

shares of Common Stock, par value. 

Founder Shares for an aggregate purchase price of , or approximately per share. On April 25, 2022, the Company executed a stock split, resulting in an aggregate of Founder Shares held by the Sponsor. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of Common Stock outstanding. Of the 1,725,000 shares of Common Stock, an aggregate of up to shares are subject to forfeiture to the Company by the Sponsor for no consideration to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part, so that the Initial Stockholders will collectively own of the Company s issued and outstanding common stock after the Proposed Public Offering. On February 21, 2023, the underwriters fully exercised their over-allotment option, hence, the Founder Shares are no longer subject to forfeiture.

F-20 

Warrants outstanding. The Warrants that are a part of the Units (the Warrants may be exercised at a price of per share, subject to adjustment as described in this prospectus. The Public Warrants will become exercisable on days after the completion of a Business Combination.

per share and will expire after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

. 

per Warrant;
 
 upon not less than days prior written notice of redemption given after the Warrants become exercisable;
 
 if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the Common Stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within a -trading day period commencing once the Warrants become exercisable and ending three business days before the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the Warrant holders, and
 
 if, and only if, there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the shares of Common Stock underlying such Warrants at the time of redemption and for the entire 30-day trading period referred to above and continuing each day thereafter until the date of redemption.

per share of Common Stock 

F-21 

of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of the initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the Market Value is below 9.50 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the Market Value, and the 16.50 per share redemption trigger price described above will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the Market Value.

Equity Participation Shares, including over-allotment, which will be issued upon the completion of the Initial Business Combination. If the over-allotment option is not exercised in full, the Equity Participation Shares will be reduced pro rata.

F-22 

, the Company consummated its initial public offering of units. Each unit consists of share of common stock of the Company, par value per share, redeemable warrant of the Company, with each warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase share of common stock for per share, subject to certain adjustments, and right of the Company, with each right entitling the holder thereof to one-tenth (1/10) of one share of Common Stock. The Units were sold at a price of per Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of .
 
 Simultaneously with the closing of the initial public offering, the Company consummated the private placement of Units to Bellevue Global Life Sciences Investors LLC, its sponsor, for an aggregate purchase price of .

, Chardan Capital Markets, LLC exercised its over-allotment option in full and purchased an additional Units at the public offering price of per Option Unit, generating additional gross proceeds to the Company of . 

F-23 

<EX-4.7>
 2
 exh4-7.htm

EXHIBIT 4.7 

DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES

Pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, our authorized capital stock consists of 100,000,000 shares of common stock, 0.0001 par value, and 1,000,000 shares of undesignated
 preferred stock, 0.0001 par value. 

Units

Each unit has an offering price of 10.00 and consists of one share of common stock, one redeemable warrant entitling the holder to purchase one share of common stock at a price of
 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as described in our prospectus issued in connection with our initial public offering, and one right to receive one-tenth (1/10) of a share of common stock upon the consummation of an initial business
 combination. Each ten rights entitle the holder thereof to receive one share of common stock at the closing of a business combination. We will not issue fractional shares. As a result, rights must be held in multiples of 10 in order to receive
 shares for all rights held upon the closing of a business combination.

Common Stock

Common stockholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. Unless specified in our amended and restated certificate of
 incorporation or bylaws, or as required by applicable provisions of the DGCL or applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority of our shares of common stock that are voted is required to approve any such matter voted on by our
 stockholders. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the election of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50 of the shares voted for the election of directors can elect all of the directors. Our stockholders are entitled
 to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor.

 Because our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 100,000,000 shares of common stock, if we were to enter into an initial business
 combination, we may (depending on the terms of such an initial business combination) be required to increase the number of shares of common stock which we are authorized to issue at the same time as our stockholders vote on the initial business
 combination to the extent we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business combination.

 In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until no later than one year after our first fiscal year end following our
 listing on Nasdaq. Under Section 211(b) of the DGCL, we are, however, required to hold an annual meeting of stockholders for the purposes of electing directors in accordance with our bylaws, unless such election is made by written consent in lieu
 of such a meeting. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, and thus we may not be in compliance with Section 211(b) of the DGCL, which requires an
 annual meeting. Therefore, if our stockholders want us to hold an annual meeting prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, they may attempt to force us to hold one by submitting an application to the Delaware Court of Chancery
 in accordance with Section 211(c) of the DGCL.

 We will provide our stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price,
 payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not
 previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be approximately 10.175 per public share.
 The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter
 agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any 

founder shares and placement shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. Unlike many blank check companies that hold stockholder
 votes and conduct proxy solicitations in conjunction with their initial business combinations and provide for related redemptions of public shares for cash upon completion of such initial business combinations even when a vote is not required by
 law, if a stockholder vote is not required by law and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, conduct the redemptions pursuant to
 the tender offer rules of the SEC, and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation requires these tender offer documents to contain
 substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under the SEC s proxy rules. If, however, a stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or we
 decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons, we will, like many blank check companies, offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer
 rules. If we seek stockholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the initial business combination. A quorum for such meeting will
 consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of outstanding capital stock of the company representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the company entitled to vote at such meeting.

 If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer
 rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined
 under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares of common stock sold in this offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. However, we would not be
 restricting our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Our stockholders inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce their influence over our ability to
 complete our initial business combination, and such stockholders could suffer a material loss in their investment if they sell such Excess Shares on the open market. Additionally, such stockholders will not receive redemption distributions with
 respect to the Excess Shares if we complete the initial business combination. And, as a result, such stockholders will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose such shares would be required to sell their stock
 in open market transactions, potentially at a loss.

 Pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, if we do not to complete our initial business combination within 9 months or such other time period as our
 stockholders may approve from the closing of our initial public offering, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter subject to
 lawfully available funds therefor, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not
 previously released to us for working capital, up to 100,000 annually, or to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely
 extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the
 approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other
 applicable law. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares and
 placement shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination within 9 months or such other time period as our stockholders may approve from the closing of this offering. However, if our initial stockholders acquire public
 shares in or after this offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time period.

 In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the company after an initial business combination, our stockholders are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining
 available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each class of stock, if any, having preference over the common stock. Our stockholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights. There are no
 sinking fund provisions applicable to 

the common stock, except that we will provide our stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in
 the trust account, upon the completion of our initial business combination, subject to the limitations described herein. 

Preferred Stock

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that shares of preferred stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series. Our board of directors will be
 authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative, participating, optional or other special rights and any qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of each series. Our
 board of directors will be able to, without stockholder approval, issue preferred stock with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of the common stock and could have anti-takeover
 effects. The ability of our board of directors to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control of us or the removal of existing management. We have no preferred
 stock outstanding at the date hereof. Although we do not currently intend to issue any shares of preferred stock, we cannot assure you that we will not do so in the future. No shares of preferred stock are being issued or registered in this
 offering.

Redeemable Warrants

Each warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one share of common stock. The warrants entitle the holder thereof to purchase shares of our common stock at a price of 11.50
 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing on 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination.

 The warrants will expire five years after the completion of our initial business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation.

 We will not be obligated to deliver any shares of common stock pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration
 statement under the Securities Act with respect to the shares of common stock underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to our satisfying our obligations described below with respect to
 registration. No warrant will be exercisable and we will not be obligated to issue shares of common stock upon exercise of a warrant unless common stock issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under
 the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. In the event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a warrant, the holder of such warrant will not be
 entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant. In the event that a registration statement is not effective for the exercised warrants, the
 purchaser of a unit containing such warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the unit solely for the share of common stock underlying such unit.

 Once the warrants become exercisable, we may call the warrants for redemption:

in whole and not in part;

at a price of 0.01 per warrant;

upon not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption given after the warrants become exercisable (the 30-day redemption period to each warrantholder; and

if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the common stock equals or exceeds 16.50 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within
 a 30-trading day period commencing once the warrants become exercisable and ending three business days before we send the notice of redemption to the warrantholders.

If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may not exercise our redemption right if the issuance of shares of common stock upon exercise of the warrants is not exempt from
 registration or qualification under applicable state blue sky laws or we are unable to effect such registration or qualification. We will use commercially reasonable best efforts to register or qualify such shares of common stock under the blue sky
 laws of the state of residence in those states in which the warrants were offered by us in this offering.

 We have established the last of the redemption criterion discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the call a significant premium to the warrant
 exercise price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption of the warrants, each warrantholder will be entitled to exercise its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However, the price of the common
 stock may fall below the 16.50 redemption trigger price (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) as well as the 11.50 warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is issued.

 If we call the warrants for redemption as described above, our management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise its warrant to do so on a cashless
 basis. In determining whether to require all holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, our management will consider, among other factors, our cash position, the number of warrants that are outstanding and the dilutive effect on our
 stockholders of issuing the maximum number of shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of our warrants. If our management takes advantage of this option, all holders of warrants would pay the exercise price by surrendering their warrants
 for that number of shares of common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the
 fair market value (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value shall mean the average reported last sale price of the common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the
 notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. If our management takes advantage of this option, the notice of redemption will contain the information necessary to calculate the number of shares of common stock to be received upon
 exercise of the warrants, including the fair market value in such case. Requiring a cashless exercise in this manner will reduce the number of shares to be issued and thereby lessen the dilutive effect of a warrant redemption. We believe this
 feature is an attractive option to us if we do not need the cash from the exercise of the warrants after our initial business combination.

 In addition, if (x) we issue additional shares of common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business
 combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than 9.50 per share of common stock (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from
 such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the Market Value is below 9.50 per share, the exercise price of
 the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the Market Value, and the 16.50 per share redemption trigger price described above will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 165 of the Market Value.

 A holder of a warrant may notify us in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have the right to exercise such warrant, to the extent
 that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such person s affiliates), to the warrant agent s actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 4.9 or 9.9 (or such other amount as a holder may specify) of the shares
 of common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise.

 If the number of outstanding shares of common stock is increased by a stock dividend payable in shares of common stock, or by a split-up of shares of common stock or other similar
 event, then, on the effective date of such stock dividend, split-up or similar event, the number of shares of common stock issuable on exercise of each whole warrant will be increased in proportion to such increase in the outstanding shares of
 common stock. A rights offering to holders of common stock entitling holders to purchase shares of common stock at a price less than the fair market value will be deemed a stock dividend of a number of shares of common stock equal to the product of
 (i) the number of shares of common stock actually sold in such rights offering (or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable for common stock) and (ii) one (1) minus the
 quotient of (x) the price per share of common stock paid in such rights offering divided by (y) the fair market value. For these purposes (i) if the rights offering is for securities convertible into or exercisable for common stock, in determining
 the price payable for common stock, there will be taken into account any consideration received for such rights, as 

well as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion and (ii) fair market value means the volume weighted average price of common stock as reported during the ten (10) trading day
 period ending on the trading day prior to the first date on which the shares of common stock trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive such rights.

 In addition, if we, at any time while the warrants are outstanding and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities or other assets to the holders of common
 stock on account of such shares of common stock (or other shares of our capital stock into which the warrants are convertible), other than (a) as described above, (b) certain ordinary cash dividends, (c) to satisfy the redemption rights of the
 holders of common stock in connection with a proposed initial business combination, (d) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of common stock in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of
 incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our common stock if we do not complete our initial business combination within 9
 months from the closing of this offering or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, or (e) in connection with the redemption of our public shares upon our failure to
 complete our initial business combination, then the warrant exercise price will be decreased, effective immediately after the effective date of such event, by the amount of cash and/or the fair market value of any securities or other assets paid on
 each share of common stock in respect of such event.

 If the number of outstanding shares of our common stock is decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse stock split or reclassification of shares of common stock or other
 similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse stock split, reclassification or similar event, the number of shares of common stock issuable on exercise of each warrant will be decreased in proportion to such
 decrease in outstanding shares of common stock.

 Whenever the number of shares of common stock purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants is adjusted, as described above, the warrant exercise price will be adjusted by
 multiplying the warrant exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator of which will be the number of shares of common stock purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants immediately prior to such adjustment,
 and (y) the denominator of which will be the number of shares of common stock so purchasable immediately thereafter.

 In case of any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding shares of common stock (other than those described above or that solely affects the par value of such shares of
 common stock), or in the case of any merger or consolidation of us with or into another corporation (other than a consolidation or merger in which we are the continuing corporation and that does not result in any reclassification or reorganization
 of our outstanding shares of common stock), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity of the assets or other property of us as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection with which we are dissolved,
 the holders of the warrants will thereafter have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in the warrants and in lieu of the shares of our common stock immediately theretofore purchasable and
 receivable upon the exercise of the rights represented thereby, the kind and amount of shares of stock or other securities or property (including cash) receivable upon such reclassification, reorganization, merger or consolidation, or upon a
 dissolution following any such sale or transfer, that the holder of the warrants would have received if such holder had exercised their warrants immediately prior to such event. If less than 70 of the consideration receivable by the holders of
 common stock in such a transaction is payable in the form of common stock in the successor entity that is listed for trading on a national securities exchange or is quoted in an established over-the-counter market, or is to be so listed for trading
 or quoted immediately following such event, and if the registered holder of the warrant properly exercises the warrant within thirty days following public disclosure of such transaction, the warrant exercise price will be reduced as specified in
 the warrant agreement based on the Black-Scholes value (as defined in the warrant agreement) of the warrant. The purpose of such exercise price reduction is to provide additional value to holders of the warrants when an extraordinary transaction
 occurs during the exercise period of the warrants pursuant to which the holders of the warrants otherwise do not receive the full potential value of the warrants in order to determine and realize the option value component of the warrant. This
 formula is to compensate the warrantholder for the loss of the option value portion of the warrant due to the requirement that the warrantholder exercise the warrant within 30 days of the event. The Black-Scholes model is an accepted pricing model
 for estimating fair market value where no quoted market price for an instrument is available.

The warrants were issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides
 that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding warrants to make any
 change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of warrants.

 The warrants may be exercised upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant agent, with the exercise form on the reverse
 side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price (or on a cashless basis, if applicable), by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number of warrants being
 exercised. The warrantholders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of common stock and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants and receive shares of common stock. After the issuance of shares of common stock upon exercise of
 the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one (1) vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by stockholders.

 No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the warrants. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will,
 upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number of shares of common stock to be issued to the warrantholder.

 We have agreed that, subject to applicable law, any action, proceeding or claim against us or the warrant agent arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement shall
 be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and each of us irrevocably submits to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction will be the exclusive forum for
 any such action, proceeding or claim. This provision applies to claims under the Securities Act but does not apply to claims under the Exchange Act or any claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and
 exclusive forum.

Rights

Except in cases where we are not the surviving company in a business combination, each holder of a right will automatically receive one-tenth (1/10) of a share of common stock upon
 consummation of our initial business combination, even if the holder of a public right converted all shares of common stock held by him, her or it in connection with the initial business combination or an amendment to our certificate of
 incorporation with respect to our pre-business combination activities. In the event we will not be the surviving company upon completion of our initial business combination, each holder of a right will be required to affirmatively convert his, her
 or its rights in order to receive the one-tenth (1/10) of a share underlying each right upon consummation of the business combination. No additional consideration will be required to be paid by a holder of rights in order to receive his, her or its
 additional shares of common stock upon consummation of an initial business combination. The shares issuable upon exchange of the rights will be freely tradable (except to the extent held by affiliates of ours). If we enter into a definitive
 agreement for a business combination in which we will not be the surviving entity, the definitive agreement will provide for the holders of rights to receive the same per share consideration the holders of the common stock will receive in the
 transaction on an as-converted into common stock basis.

 The rights were issued in registered form under a rights agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as rights agent, and us. The rights agreement provides that
 the terms of the rights may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval, by written consent or vote, of the holders of a majority of the then outstanding rights in
 order to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders.

 We will not issue fractional shares in connection with an exchange of rights. Fractional shares will either be rounded down to the nearest whole share or otherwise addressed in
 accordance with the applicable provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law. As a result, you must hold rights in multiples of 10 in order to receive shares for all of your rights upon closing of a business combination. If we are unable to
 complete an initial business combination within the required time period and we liquidate the funds held in the trust account, holders of rights will not receive any of such funds with respect to their rights, nor will they receive any distribution
 from our assets held outside of the trust account with respect to such rights, and the rights will expire worthless. Further, there are no contractual penalties for failure to deliver securities to the holders of the rights upon consummation of an
 initial 

business combination. Additionally, in no event will we be required to net cash settle the rights. Accordingly, the rights may expire worthless.

 We have agreed that, subject to applicable law, any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the rights agreement, including under the
 Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction will be the exclusive
 forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. This provision applies to claims under the Securities Act but does not apply to claims under the Exchange Act or any claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the
 sole and exclusive forum. We note, however, that there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce these provisions and that investors cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Section
 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for state and federal courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder.

Dividends

We have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination. The payment of
 cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. In addition, our board of directors is not
 currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any share dividends in the foreseeable future Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by
 restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith.

Our Transfer Agent, Warrant Agent and Rights Agent

The transfer agent for our common stock, warrant agent for our warrants and rights agent for our rights is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. We have agreed to indemnify
 Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company in its roles as transfer agent, warrant agent and rights agent, its agents and each of its stockholders, directors, officers and employees against all claims and losses that may arise out of acts
 performed or omitted for its activities in that capacity, except for any liability due to any gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith of the indemnified person or entity.

Our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation contains certain requirements and restrictions relating to this offering that will apply to us until the completion of our
 initial business combination. These provisions cannot be amended without the approval of the holders of 65 of our common stock. Specifically, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides, among other things, that:

If we are unable to complete our initial business combination within 9 months or such other time period as our stockholders may approve from the closing of this offering, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding
 up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem 100 of the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount
 then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of
 then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as
 promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above to our obligations under
 Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law;

Prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares of capital stock that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination;

Although we do not intend to enter into an initial business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or our officers, we are not prohibited from doing so. In the event we enter into such a
 transaction, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such an initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point
 of view and a majority of our disinterested independent directors approve such business combination;

If a stockholder vote on our initial business combination is not required by law and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will offer to redeem our public shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and
 Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, and will file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about our initial business
 combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act; whether or not we maintain our registration under the Exchange Act or our listing on Nasdaq, we will provide our public stockholders with the
 opportunity to redeem their public shares by one of the two methods listed above;

So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on Nasdaq, Nasdaq rules require that we must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value of the assets held in
 the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination; 

If our stockholders approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem
 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 9 months or such other time period as our stockholders may approve from the closing of this offering or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating
 to stockholders rights or pre-business combination activity, we will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of common stock upon such approval at a per-share price, payable in cash,
 equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us for working capital or to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then
 outstanding public shares; and

We will not effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations.

In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we will only redeem our public shares so long as (after such redemption) our net tangible assets will
 be at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriters fees and commissions.

Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions of Delaware Law and our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws

We will be subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL regulating corporate takeovers upon completion of this offering. This statute prevents certain Delaware corporations,
 under certain circumstances, from engaging in a business combination with:

a stockholder who owns 15 or more of our outstanding voting stock (otherwise known as an interested stockholder 

an affiliate of an interested stockholder; or

an associate of an interested stockholder, for three years following the date that the stockholder became an interested stockholder.

A business combination includes a merger or sale of more than 10 of our assets. However, the above provisions of Section 203 do not apply if:

our board of directors approves the transaction that made the stockholder an interested stockholder, prior to the date of the transaction;

after the completion of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, that stockholder owned at least 85 of our voting stock outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, other than statutorily
 excluded shares of common stock; or

on or subsequent to the date of the transaction, the initial business combination is approved by our board of directors and authorized at a meeting of our stockholders, and not by written consent, by an affirmative vote of at
 least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock not owned by the interested stockholder.

Our authorized but unissued common stock and preferred stock are available for future issuances without stockholder approval and could be utilized for a variety of corporate
 purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved common stock and preferred stock could render more difficult or discourage an attempt
 to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise.

Exclusive forum for certain lawsuits

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation requires, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that derivative actions brought in our name, actions against directors,
 officers and employees for breach of fiduciary duty and other similar actions may be brought only in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware, except any action (A) as to which the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware determines that
 there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination), (B) which is
 vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery, (C) for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction, or (D) any action arising under the Securities Act, as to which the Court of
 Chancery and the federal district court for the District of Delaware shall have concurrent jurisdiction. If an action is brought outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing the suit will be deemed to have consented to service of process on such
 stockholder s counsel. Although we believe this provision benefits us by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, a court may determine that this provision is unenforceable,
 and to the extent it is enforceable, the provision may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers, although our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with federal securities laws and the
 rules and regulations thereunder.

 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the exclusive forum provision will be applicable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. Section 27 of
 the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. As a result, the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits
 brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction.

Special meeting of stockholders

Our bylaws provide that special meetings of our stockholders may be called only by a majority vote of our board of directors or by our Chief Executive Officer.

Advance notice requirements for stockholder proposals and director nominations

Our bylaws provide that stockholders seeking to bring business before our annual meeting of stockholders, or to nominate candidates for election as directors at our annual meeting of
 stockholders, must provide timely notice of their intent in writing. To be timely, a stockholder s notice will need to be received by the company secretary at our principal executive offices not later than the close of business on the 90 th day

 nor earlier than the opening of business on the 120 th day prior to the anniversary date of the immediately preceding annual meeting of stockholders. Pursuant to Rule 14a-8 of the Exchange Act, proposals seeking inclusion in our annual
 proxy statement must comply with the notice periods contained therein. Our bylaws also specify certain requirements as to the form and content of a stockholders meeting. These provisions may preclude our stockholders from bringing matters before
 our annual meeting of stockholders or from making nominations for directors at our annual meeting of stockholders.

Action by written consent

Subsequent to the consummation of the offering, any action required or permitted to be taken by our common stockholders must be effected by a duly called annual or special meeting of
 such stockholders and may not be effected by written consent of the stockholders.

Board of Directors

Subject to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, the authorized number of directors may be changed only by resolution of the board of directors. Subject to the terms
 of any preferred stock, any or all of the directors may be removed from office at any time, but only for cause and only by the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the voting power of all then outstanding shares of our capital stock
 entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class. Any vacancy on our board of directors, including a vacancy resulting from an enlargement of our board of directors, may be filled only by vote of a majority
 of our directors then in office.

</EX-4.7>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 exh31-1.htm

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OR RULE 15d-14(a) 

 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED

 I, Kuk Hyoun Hwang, certify that:

1.

I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Bellevue Life Sciences Acquisition Corp.;

2.

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which
 such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3.

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows
 of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4.

The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

a)

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
 including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

b)

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
 reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

c)

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end
 of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

d)

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in
 the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5.

The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit
 committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

a)

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
 process, summarize and report financial information; and

b)

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.

Date : March 31, 2023 

By: 
 
 /s/ Kuk Hyoun Hwang 

Name: Kuk Hyoun Hwang 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 exh31-2.htm

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OR RULE 15d-14(a) 

 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED

 I, David Yoo, certify that:

1.

I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Bellevue Life Sciences Acquisition Corp.;

2.

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which
 such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3.

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows
 of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4.

The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

a)

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
 including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

b)

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
 reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

c)

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end
 of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

d)

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in
 the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5.

The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit
 committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

a)

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
 process, summarize and report financial information; and

b)

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.

Date : March 31, 2023 

By: 
 
 /s/ David Yoo 

Name: David Yoo 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 exh32-1.htm

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

 In connection with the Annual Report of Bellevue Life Sciences Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the
 Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I , Kuk Hyoun Hwang, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to my knowledge, that:

1)

The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and

2)

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

Date : March 31, 2023 

By: 
 
 /s/ Kuk Hyoun Hwang 

Kuk Hyoun Hwang 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

This Certification is being furnished solely to accompany the Report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and shall not be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and shall not be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities
 Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before or after the date of this Report, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing.

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the
 Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 exh32-2.htm

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

 In connection with the Annual Report of Bellevue Life Sciences Acquisition Corp (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
 December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, David Yoo, Chief Financial Officer of the Company,
 certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to my knowledge, that:

1)

The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and

2)

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

Date : March 31, 2023 

By: 
 
 /s/ David Yoo 

David Yoo 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

This Certification is being furnished solely to accompany the Report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and shall not be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and shall not be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities
 Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before or after the date of this Report, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the
 Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 blac-20221231_cal.xml

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 blac-20221231_def.xml

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 blac-20221231_lab.xml

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 blac-20221231_pre.xml

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 blac-20221231.xsd

</EX-101.SCH>

