<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230206_10-K_edgar_data_1056696_0000950170-23-001892.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12513529</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>271661</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1220217</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6660783</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1362740</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2682267</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-001892.hdr.sgml : 20230206
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230206165112
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-001892
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		66
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230206
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230206

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MANHATTAN ASSOCIATES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001056696
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				582373424
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			GA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-23999
		FILM NUMBER:		23591309

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2300 WINDY RIDGE PARKWAY TENTH FLOOR
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30339
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7709557070

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2300 WINDY RIDGE PARKWAY TENTH FLOOR
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30339

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-001892.txt : 20230206

10-K
 1
 manh-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON , D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 
 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization+ 

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 

, 

Address of principal executive offices 

Zip Code 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Note Checking the box above will not relieve any registrant required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act from their obligations under those Sections. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the Registrant as of June 30, 2022 was , which was calculated based upon a closing sales price of 114.60 per share of the Common Stock as reported by the Nasdaq Global Select Market on the same day. As of January 31, 2023, the Registrant had outstanding shares of Common Stock. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Auditor Firm Id: 
 
 Auditor Name: 
 
 Auditor Location: 

ATTAN ASSOCIATES, INC. 
 Annual Report on Form 10-K 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 Table of Contents 

Item Number 
 
 Item Description 
 
 Page Number 

PART I 

Item 1 
 
 Business 
 
 4 

Item 1A 
 
 Risk Factors 
 
 12 

Item 1B 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 20 

Item 2 
 
 Properties 
 
 20 

Item 3 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 20 

Item 4 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 20 

PART II 

Item 5 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 21 

Item 6 
 
 [Reserved] 
 
 21 

Item 7 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 22 

Item 7A 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 35 

Item 8 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 36 

Item 9 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 59 

Item 9A 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 59 

Item 9B 
 
 Other Information 
 
 59 

Item 9C 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 59 

PART III 

Item 10 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 60 

Item 11 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 60 

Item 12 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 
 
 60 

Item 13 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 60 

Item 14 
 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 60 

PART IV 

Item 15 
 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 61 

Item 16 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 61 

Exhibit Index 
 
 62 

Signatures 
 
 65 

2 

Forward-Looking Statements 
 Certain statements contained in this filing are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including but not limited to statements related to expectations about global macroeconomic trends and industry developments, plans for future business development activities, anticipated costs of revenues, product mix and service revenues, research and development, selling, general and administrative activities, and liquidity and capital needs and resources. When used in this Annual Report, on Form 10-K (this Form 10-K the words may, expect, forecast, anticipate, intend, plan, believe, could, seek, project, estimate, and similar expressions are generally intended to identify forward-looking statements. Undue reliance should not be placed on these forward-looking statements, which reflect opinions only as of the date of this Form 10-K. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Investors are cautioned that forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties, and that actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by such forward-looking statements. 
 Some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results discussed in forward-looking statements include: 
 ongoing disruption and transformation in our vertical markets, including a major public health concern such as the COVID-19 pandemic; 

general economic, political and market conditions, including inflation; 

our ability to attract and retain highly skilled employees; 

competition; 

our dependence on a single line of business; 

our dependence on generating revenue from cloud subscriptions and software licenses to drive business; 

undetected errors or bugs in our software; 

the risk of defects, delays or interruptions in our cloud subscription services; 

possible compromises of our data protection and IT security measures; 

risks associated with large system implementations; 

possible liability to customers if our products fail; 

the requirement to maintain high quality professional service capabilities; 

the risks of international operations, including foreign currency exchange risk; 

the possibility that research and developments investments may not yield sufficient returns; 

the long sales cycle associated with our products; 

the difficulty of predicting operating results; 

the need to continually improve our technology; 

risks associated with managing growth; 

reliance on third party and open source software; 

the need for our products to interoperate with other systems; 

the need to protect our intellectual property, and our exposure to intellectual property claims of others; 

the possible effects on international commerce of new or increased tariffs, or a trade war; and 

other risks described under the heading Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K, as there may be updated from time to time in subsequent documents that we file with the Security and Exchange Commission. 

We undertake no obligation to update or revise forward-looking statements to reflect changed assumptions, the occurrence of unanticipated events or changes in future operating results. 
 3 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 
 Overview 
 Manhattan Associates was founded in 1990 in Manhattan Beach, California and incorporated in Georgia in 1998. References in this filing to the Company, Manhattan, Manhattan Associates, we, our and us refer to Manhattan Associates, Inc., our predecessors, and our wholly-owned and consolidated subsidiaries. Our principal executive offices are located at 2300 Windy Ridge Parkway, Tenth Floor, Atlanta, Georgia 30339, and our telephone number is 770-955-7070. 
 We develop, sell, deploy, service and maintain software solutions designed to manage supply chains, inventory and omnichannel operations for retailers, wholesalers, manufacturers, logistics providers and other organizations. Our customers include many of the world s premier and most profitable brands. Our Manhattan Active applications are run in the cloud and delivered as subscription-based software as a service (SaaS), and its architecture is highly differentiated among enterprise application providers, particularly within the Omni Channel and Supply Chain categories. Our microservice based architecture delivers a versionless yet highly extensible experience for our customers. We offer our customers access to new innovation on a quarterly basis, ensuring all customers are running on a single fully up-to-date codebase. Manhattan Active also provides zero downtime updates, so access to innovation is delivered seamlessly into customer environments without the need for planned maintenance windows. 
 Specifically, Manhattan Associates develops modern commerce solutions that help its customers in three distinct areas of their business: 
 Supply Chain - We provide companies the tools needed to manage distribution and optimize transportation costs throughout their entire commercial network. Manhattan s Warehouse Management solutions are widely regarded as industry-leading systems designed to optimize productivity and throughput in distribution centers and warehouses around the world. Our software helps optimize fulfillment models to support our customers across a wide range of channels and fulfillment methods. Likewise, we design our offerings with the aim of providing shippers and carriers the most comprehensive transportation management solutions in the market. This includes software to help them move freight via the most cost-effective means possible while also meeting service-level expectations, to model their transportation network, and to automate the procurement-to-pay process. 

Omnichannel - Meeting ever-evolving consumer expectations of service, inventory availability, and delivery convenience is a challenge every merchant must meet head on. Manhattan s Omnichannel solutions provide an operating platform for digital commerce, retailers, and wholesale businesses. Comprising Order Management, Store Inventory Fulfillment, Call Center, Point of Sale, and Customer Engagement as its core applications, Manhattan Omnichannel solutions provide CRM capabilities for contact center agents; end-to-end process enablement for store associates, and enterprise-wide inventory availability determination, order fulfillment optimization, and point of sale capabilities. 

Inventory Manhattan s solutions provide distributors of finished goods (apparel, food, auto parts, pharmaceuticals, etc.) the ability to forecast demand, determine when, where and how much inventory is needed, and translate this into a profitable inventory buying plan. These areas are ever more complex and critical to profitability as more wholesalers and retailers engage in omnichannel operations. Through the use of advanced science and sophisticated analytics, customer service level is maximized with the minimum necessary inventory investment. Industry changes driven by omnichannel retail, pharmaceutical regulations and other trends make this an area of particular need for many retailers and wholesale distributors. 

Manhattan Associates Software Solution Portfolios 
 Our portfolio of solutions takes a platform-based approach to key areas. This approach employs a holistic technology approach that provides customers with two major benefits: 
 Industry Leading Feature Function Manhattan solutions are consistently rated by customers and industry analysts alike as providing the most comprehensive and innovative feature functionality in the market. From warehouse management to point of sale, our solutions are consistently at the top of the market with respect to configurability, capability and usability. Customers choose Manhattan applications to solve the industry s most complex supply chain problems. Our combination of deep domain expertise, an in-house data science and operations research team, and a specialized user experience team combine to differentiate Manhattan solutions. 

Solution Unification Manhattan solutions are organized into three groups: omni-channel, supply chain, and inventory. Each one of these groups are engineered to provide cross-application benefit that simplifies and improves operations within those three areas. This approach significantly reduces complexity, maintenance and application risk for our customers, providing an 

4 

expanded set of so-called end-to-end capabilities. As complexity continues to grow for our customers, Manhattan provides value by eliminating the need to design, build and maintain complex system to system integration. 

As previously described, Manhattan s Supply Chain Solutions are focused on the distribution and transportation operations of the enterprise. There are three main components of Manhattan s Supply Chain Solutions: 
 Distribution Management - These applications comprise Manhattan s Warehouse Management Solutions (WMS) commonly used to manage the complexity of the modern distribution center. WMS manages the flow of goods and information across the distribution center. WMS is now delivered for new and upgrading customers in the form of Manhattan Active Warehouse Management (MAWM), a cloud native and versionless application that delivers new innovation on a quarterly basis. Manhattan Active WM runs on Google Cloud Platform, is offered exclusively via subscription, and includes state of the art fulfillment optimization technology, a consumer grade mobile app experience for the associate; and embedded gamification capabilities to improve associate engagement and performance. Manhattan Active WM is fully configurable and technically extensible, meaning customers can build their own componentry to work alongside our base application. Manhattan Active WM also embeds labor management and slotting optimization capabilities. Manhattan s WMS customers benefit from its embedded warehouse execution system that coordinates the interaction between automation, robotics and labor for maximum efficiency. Manhattan s WMS also enables the efficient utilization of a single distribution center for direct-to-consumer, retail replenishment and high-volume wholesale fulfilment. Our WMS provides the customer the most productive operation that can scale to meet the highest demands during peak season while operating effectively and profitably throughout the course of the year. 

Transportation Management - Organizations today face a complex transportation environment with ever-changing demands driven by macro-economic trends and governmental regulations. Manhattan s Transportation Management Solutions (TMS) are designed to help shippers navigate their way through these demands while meeting customer service expectations at the lowest possible freight costs. TMS components include procurement and modeling tools to setup a successful network, along with planning, execution and settlement tools to manage day-to-day transportation requirements. Our TMS can also connect shippers with a network of partners that can increase shipping capacity on an as-needed basis. Manhattan Carrier is a suite of solutions built specifically to help motor carriers optimize load assignments, minimize fuel costs, manage drivers hours of service and accommodate demand fluctuations. 

Visibility - Visibility into the movement of goods between locations in the supply chain and outside the enterprise s realm of control is crucial to effective supply chain management. Manhattan provides best in class visibility and event management tools that not only alerts our customer when events occur in the global supply chain, but also when they don t occur (such as missing a vessel overseas), as that can have a cascading effect on production lines, freight and most importantly, customer commitments. 

Manhattan SCALE TM (SCALE) 
 SCALE is our portfolio of logistics execution solutions built on Microsoft s .NET platform. Purpose-built for rapid development and a value-based total cost of ownership, it is targeted toward companies with execution-focused supply chain needs that require speed-to-value, resource-light system configuration and maintenance, and the ability to quickly scale their logistics operations up or down in response to market fluctuations or business requirement changes. SCALE combines the features of Trading Partner Management, Yard Management, Optimization, Warehouse Management and Transportation Execution. 
 Because SCALE solutions leverage a common platform, they share common data elements, and each user can access all applications through a single sign-on. Users also can set up dashboards that enable easy access to real-time information most relevant to their jobs. SCALE s ease of deployment, operation and support make it a popular choice for organizations operating in countries with emerging and developing economies, and where technical support resources are limited. 
 SCALE is now also available as Manhattan Active SCALE, delivered in the cloud on Microsoft s Azure platform. Manhattan Active SCALE customers receive new capability on an annual basis and enjoy full configurability and elements of technical extensibility even when delivered on Azure. We continue to offer SCALE on premise via perpetual licenses or via the cloud on a subscription basis as Manhattan Active SCALE. 
 Omnichannel Solutions 
 As omnichannel retail has placed new demands on organizations, it has also created new software solution needs. These range from the ability to leverage inventory across the entire network to meet any demand, to providing store associates and call center representatives the means to take advantage of the available inventory. Our Manhattan Active Omni set of solutions brings together Order Management, Store Inventory Fulfillment, Point of Sale and Customer Engagement tools into a single application built on a shared, cloud-native, microservices platform. This architecture enables our customers to more easily expand their systems to include more capabilities and quarterly product enhancements while always maintaining their customizations. 
 
 5 

Enterprise Omnichannel Solutions - There is a wide range of new capabilities that must be leveraged at a corporate or central level in retail today to enable best-in-class customer service, full inventory visibility, direct to client distribution and seamless fulfillment operations. Our goal is to enable an omnichannel commerce platform that can be tapped into by any selling system such as webstore, ERP, point-of-sale, call center, and mobile app, to more cost-effectively promise and then meet delivery dates. Manhattan s Enterprise Inventory builds out a complete inventory availability picture that can be updated in near-real time with feeds from the warehouse, the store and other fulfillment locations in the network. Enterprise Order Management merges this inventory availability data with demand feeds from across the organization to match supply with demand satisfying customer delivery expectations while striving to maximize revenue and profitability. Finally, Manhattan offers a unique Customer Engagement solution that enables contact center associates to see a holistic view of the customer, including a complete customer sales and interaction history, to better satisfy shopper needs while optimizing potential revenue and profit opportunities through new orders, exchanges or a returns. Manhattan Active Omni now also includes a set of Digital Self-Service capabilities, allowing consumers to manage their orders after they have placed them. 

Omnichannel Solutions for the Store - As the consumer enters the store with more information than ever, it is vital to equip the sales associate with relevant information and capabilities to satisfy their demands. Store solutions include Point of Sale, available on mobile and fixed stations, to process purchase transactions and Customer Engagement to provide the associate with a complete picture of the shopper s purchase history. Manhattan brings these solutions together on a single mobile platform to enable retailers to offer unparalleled service and convenience for the shopper. 

Another important part of the Manhattan Active store offering is Store Inventory and Fulfillment. Most retailers are now looking to leverage store inventory to fulfill ecommerce demand (driving greater sales revenue with less inventory). This requires solutions that can accurately maintain inventory integrity and enable productive, reliable fulfillment. Manhattan s Store Fulfillment solutions provide store associates with capabilities that power fulfillment experiences like buy online, pickup in store, curbside pickup, same day delivery and ship from store. 

Inventory Solutions 
 The ability to accurately forecast demand and project inventory needs is heightened by omnichannel retail requirements that change traditional approaches to inventory management. Manhattan s Inventory solutions address which products should be carried and the quantity that will be needed at each location by date. 
 Inventory Optimization - This set of applications includes sophisticated demand forecasting capabilities that can address the particularly challenging slow-moving and intermittent products that frequently result in excess inventory due to unpredictability. Also included is the Replenishment module that can evaluate inventory needs across all locations and channels. This module can even suggest transferring inventory between locations (warehouses or stores) or protect merchandise at a store from online sales to save it for walk-in traffic. 

Planning - Manhattan s Planning solutions provide merchants the tools they need to create channel-, store- or region-specific assortments. These tools offer channel-specific metrics and methodologies that optimize the planning process and maximize retailer revenues. 

Allocation Manhattan s Allocation is designed to serve the softlines/apparel market. It provides inventory planning capabilities from first receipt in the distribution center through to the end of season for a given assortment. Built on the Manhattan Active architecture, Manhattan Active Allocation is cloud native, versionless, runs on Google Cloud Platform and updated on a quarterly basis. 

Technology Platform 
 To fulfill increasing market demand for software-as-a-service models, Manhattan offers Manhattan Active Platform solutions cloud-native products designed to provide always current version-less product access. The server side full stack runs exclusively on Google Cloud Platform, and end users can access the system from almost any type of device mobile, tablet or desktop. Manhattan Active solutions are sold directly in multi-year cloud subscription arrangements, typically for a period of five years or more, providing clients with regular software updates during the contract period to ensure access to the latest product features and benefiting Manhattan with a highly predictable and regular revenue stream. 
 Part of the key value proposition of Manhattan Active Platform is extensibility. In addition to the business configurability offered within each line of business application, Manhattan Active Platform also allows our customers to change the underlying data model, the user interface, and the core business logic within each application. Key to this process is Manhattan ProActive, our developer enablement toolkit which allows for the types of technical modifications noted above (and more). While we don t charge separately for Manhattan ProActive (it comes as part to the subscription to any Manhattan Active Platform application), we do enhance it on the same cadence as we do our line of business application, i.e. quarterly. 
 6 

As omnichannel and supply chain solutions necessarily interact with other business operation systems, our solutions are designed to interoperate with software from other providers as well as with a company s existing legacy systems. This interfacing and open system capability enables customers to continue using existing computer resources and to choose among a wide variety of existing and emerging computer hardware and peripheral technologies. We also offer certain solutions in either on-premise software or cloud computing models so that customers can select the option that best meets their requirements for control, flexibility, cost of ownership and time-to-deployment. 
 Maintenance 
 We offer a comprehensive program that provides our on-premises software licensees with software upgrades for additional or improved functionality and technological advances incorporating emerging supply chain and industry advances. We are able to remotely access customer systems to perform diagnostics, provide online assistance, and facilitate software upgrades. We offer 24-hour customer support 365 days in the year plus software upgrades for a pre-paid annual fee based on the specific solutions the customer has and the service level required. We provide software upgrades on a when-and-if-available basis. 
 Professional Services 
 We advise and assist our customers in planning and implementing our solutions through our global Professional Services Organization. To ensure successful long-term customer relationships, consultants assist customers with the initial deployment of our systems, the conversion and transfer of the customer s historical data onto our systems, and ongoing training, education and system upgrades. We believe our Professional Services teams enable customers to implement our solutions knowledgeably and in the appropriate amount of time, help customers achieve expected results from system investments, continuously identify new opportunities for supply chain advancements and meaningfully add to our industry-specific knowledge base to improve future implementations and product innovations. 
 Substantially all of our customers utilize some portion of our Professional Services to implement and support our software solutions. Professional Services typically are rendered under time and materials contracts, with services billed by the hour. Professional Services sometimes are rendered under fixed-fee contracts, with payments due on specific dates or milestones. We believe that increased sales of our solutions will drive higher demand for our Professional Services. 
 Our Professional Services team delivers deep supply chain and enterprise commerce domain expertise to our customers through industry-specific best-practices protocols and processes developed through the collective knowledge we have gained from 30 years of implementing our supply chain solutions worldwide. We also extensively train our consulting personnel on enterprise commerce operations and on our solutions. 
 Our business consultants, systems analysts and technical personnel assist customers in all phases of implementing our systems, including planning and design, customer-specific module configuration, on-site implementation or conversion from existing systems and integration with customer systems such as Enterprise Resource Planning, web- and mobile-based commerce platforms, and Material Handling Equipment systems. At times, third-party consultants, such as those from major systems integrators, assist our customers with certain implementations. 
 
 Training and Change Management Services 
 
 We offer training and change management services for new and existing users, enabling our customers to align systems, people and processes. Services provided by Manhattan training experts cover a wide range of support from the intended design to the front line of the customer s business, including critical end-user adoption with hands-on, live training in a virtualized Manhattan software environment. These programs are provided on a fixed fee per-person, per-class basis. In addition, computer-based training programs can be purchased for a fixed fee for use at client sites. Customers can also pursue certification at the Associate or Professional level through our certification programs for Omnichannel, Supply Chain or Inventory. 
 
 We offer Manhattan Training and Change Management Services under six categories: Role-Based Training Paths, Comprehensive Training Programs, Change Management Services, Individual Product Training Courses, End-User Enablement and Knowledge Resources. 
 Hardware Sales 
 As a convenience for our customers, we resell a variety of hardware developed and manufactured by others, including computer hardware, radio frequency terminal networks, radio frequency identification (RFID) chip readers, bar code printers and scanners, and other peripherals. We resell all third-party hardware products and related maintenance pursuant to agreements with manufacturers or 
 7 

through distributor-authorized reseller agreements pursuant to which we are entitled to purchase hardware products and services at discount prices and to receive technical support in connection with product installations and any subsequent product malfunctions. We do not maintain hardware inventory as we generally purchase hardware from vendors only after receiving related customer orders. 
 Strategy 
 Our objective is to extend our position as the leading global commerce solutions provider for organizations intent on creating and sustaining market advantages through technology-enabled commerce solutions. Our solutions help global distributors, wholesalers, retailers, logistics providers and manufacturers successfully manage accelerating and fluctuating market demands, as well as master the increasing complexity and volatility of their local and global supply chains. Our solutions are advanced, highly functional and highly scalable. They are designed to enable organizations to: create customer experiences consistent with their brand values; improve relationships with suppliers, customers and logistics providers; leverage investments across supply chain functions; effectively generate revenue and manage costs; and meet dynamically changing customer requirements. We believe our solutions are uniquely positioned to holistically optimize the way companies bring together omnichannel, supply chain and inventory management: 
 Develop and Enhance Software Solutions. We continue to focus our research and development resources on enhancing our Supply Chain, Omnichannel Commerce and Inventory Solutions. We offer what we believe to be the broadest and most richly featured software portfolio in the marketplace. To continually expand functionality and value, we provide enhancements to existing solutions and introduce new solutions to address evolving industry standards and market needs. We identify these opportunities through our Product Management, Professional Services, Customer Support and Account Management organizations, through interactions such as ongoing customer consulting engagements and implementations, sessions with our solution user groups, association with leading industry analyst and market research firms and participation on industry standards and research committees. Our solutions address needs in various vertical markets, including retail, consumer goods, food and grocery, logistics service providers, industrial and wholesale, high technology and electronics, life sciences and government. We intend to continue to enhance our solutions to meet the dynamic requirements of these and new vertical markets as business opportunities dictate. 
 Expand International Presence. Our solutions offer significant benefits to customers in markets around the world, and for organizations with global operations. We have offices in Australia, Chile, China, France, Germany, India, Italy, Japan, the Netherlands, Singapore, Spain, and the United Kingdom, as well as representatives in Mexico and reseller partnerships in Latin America, Eastern Europe, the Middle East, South Africa, and Asia. Our Europe, Middle East, and Africa (EMEA) operations support sales, implementation services, and customer support functions for customers in Europe, as well as a number of customers across the Middle East, concentrated in countries we consider politically and economically stable. Our Asia Pacific (APAC) operations service emerging opportunities in China, Southeast Asia, and India, as well as more established markets in Japan, Australia and New Zealand. Our emerging markets international strategy includes leveraging the strength of our relationships with current U.S. and Europe-based customers that also have significant international operations. 
 Strategic Alliances and Indirect Sales Channels. We currently sell our products primarily through our direct sales personnel, and through partnership agreements with a select number of organizations in emerging markets where we do not currently have a direct sales presence. We have worked on joint projects and joint sales initiatives with industry-leading consultants and software systems implementers, including most of the large consulting firms specializing in our targeted industries, to supplement our direct sales force and professional services organization. We expand our indirect sales channels through reseller agreements, marketing agreements, and agreements with third-party logistics providers. These alliances extend our market coverage and provide us with new business leads and access to trained implementation personnel. 
 Acquire or Invest in Complementary Businesses. We evaluate strategic acquisition opportunities of technologies, solutions and businesses that are consistent with our platform-based strategy and enable us to enhance and expand our offerings. Preferred acquisition targets are those that would complement our existing solutions and technologies, expand our geographic presence and distribution channels, extend our presence into additional vertical markets with challenges and requirements similar to those we currently serve, and further solidify our leadership position within the primary components of supply chain planning and execution. 
 Sales and Marketing 
 We employ multi-disciplinary sales teams of professionals with industry experience in sales and technical sales support. We generated the majority of our cloud subscription revenue and software license revenue through direct sales. We plan to continue to invest in our sales, services, and marketing organizations within the Americas, EMEA and APAC, and to pursue strategic marketing partnerships. Our marketing strategy is to promote our brand, differentiate our value proposition, and generate demand for our offerings. We use multi-channel global marketing programs to reach new prospects and expand relationships with current customers. Our marketing efforts and lead generation activities consist primarily of press and industry analyst relations, customer endorsements, content marketing, digital marketing including social media such as LinkedIn, Twitter and YouTube, advertising, trade shows, 
 8 

industry events, joint marketing with strategic partners, and targeted lead generation through account-based marketing. We also host our annual Momentum and Exchange user conferences, webinars, and regional user groups where the Manhattan community comes together to connect on important topics and each other, get inspired to drive their digital transformation, and get educated on Manhattan solutions and offerings. 
 Our sales cycle typically begins with the generation of a sales lead through in-house marketing efforts, advertising, targeted promotions, web inquiries, trade show presence, speaking engagements, hosted seminars, or other means of referral or the receipt of a request for proposal from a prospective customer. Leads are qualified and opportunities are closed through a process that includes telephone-based assessments of requirements, responses to requests for proposals, presentations and product demonstrations, site visits and reference calls with organizations already using our supply chain solutions, and contract negotiations. Sales cycles vary substantially from opportunity to opportunity, but typically require nine to twelve months. 
 In addition to new customer sales, we continue to leverage our existing customer base to drive revenue from system upgrades, sales of additional licenses of purchased solutions, and sales of new or add-on solutions. To efficiently penetrate emerging global markets, we leverage indirect sales channels, including sales through reseller agreements, marketing agreements, and agreements with third-party logistics providers. To extend our market coverage, generate new business leads, and provide access to trained implementation personnel, we leverage strategic alliances with systems integrators skilled at implementing our solutions. Business referrals and leads are positively influenced by systems integrators, which include most of the large consulting firms and other systems consulting firms specializing in our targeted industries. 
 Our Manhattan Value Partner (Manhattan MVP and Manhattan GeoPartner programs foster joint sales and marketing with other organizations. Manhattan Value Partners are proven software and hardware providers, trusted third-party integrators and consultants who bring added value to customer engagements through vertical industry knowledge or technical specialization. Manhattan MVPs support and complement our supply chain solutions so we can provide customers with a comprehensive approach that is suited to their business requirements. This collaborative program is designed to benefit both Manhattan and our partners through tailored joint marketing, sales and, in some cases, co-development efforts. Among others, Manhattan MVPs include Google Cloud, Deloitte, Accenture, Cognizant, Zebra, and Honeywell. Manhattan GeoPartners represent a select group of companies that sell and implement our solutions in specific geographies around the world, each providing valuable localized expertise to meet customer needs in areas such as Western Europe, Eastern Europe, the Middle East, Latin America, Africa, and the Asia Pacific region. 
 Customers 
 To date, our customers have been suppliers, manufacturers, distributors, retailers, and logistics providers in a variety of industries. Our top five customers (new or pre-existing) in the aggregate accounted for 11 , 12 , and 12 of total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 2022 ), the year ended December 31, 2021 2021 and the year ended December 31, 2020 2020 ), respectively. No single customer accounted for more than 10 of our total revenue in 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Product Development 
 We focus our development efforts on new product innovation and on adding new functionality to existing solutions; integrating our various solution offerings; and enhancing the operability of our solutions across our platform and across distributed and alternative hardware platforms, operating systems, and database systems. We believe that our future success depends, in part, on our ability to continue to enhance existing solutions, respond to dynamically changing customer requirements and develop new or enhanced solutions that incorporate new technological developments and emerging supply chain and industry standards. To that end, development frequently focuses on base system enhancements and incorporating new user requirements and features into our solutions. As a result, we deliver packaged, highly configurable solutions with increasingly rich functionality rather than custom-developed software. We also deliver interface toolkits for many major ERP systems to enhance communication and improve data flows between our core solutions and our customers host systems. 
 We leverage internal and external scientific advisors to inform our solution strategies and research and development approaches with the most advanced thinking on supply chain opportunities, challenges and technologies. Our internal research team is comprised of Ph.D.-credentialed math and science experts who work on creating and solving algorithms and other constructs that advance the optimization capabilities and other aspects of our solutions. We also regularly communicate with and are advised by experts from leading educational institutions known for their supply chain disciplines and practitioners from organizations deploying supply chain technology in innovative and market-advancing ways. Together, our research team and external advisors inform both the practical business approaches and the mathematical and scientific inventiveness of our solutions. 
 We conduct most research and development internally in the U.S. and India to retain domain knowledge and promote programming continuity standards. However, we may periodically outsource some projects that can be performed separately or that require special 
 9 

skills. We also use third-party translation companies to localize our application software into various languages including Chinese, French, Japanese and Spanish. 
 Competition 
 Our solutions are solely focused on enterprise commerce capabilities. Our solutions help global distributors, wholesalers, retailers, logistics providers and manufacturers successfully manage accelerating and fluctuating market demands, as well as master the increasing complexity and volatility of their local and global supply chains. Our solutions are designed to enable organizations to: create customer experiences consistent with their brand values; improve relationships with suppliers, customers and logistics providers; leverage investments across supply chain functions; effectively generate revenue and manage costs; and meet dynamically changing customer requirements characterized by rapid technological change in an intensely competitive environment. The principal competitive factors affecting the markets for our solutions include: industry expertise; company and solution reputation; company viability; compliance with industry standards; solution architecture; solution functionality and features; integration experience, particularly with ERP providers and material handling equipment providers; ease and speed of implementation; proven return on investment; historical and current solution quality and performance; total cost of ownership; solution price; and ongoing solution support structure. We believe we compete favorably with respect to each of these factors. 
 Our competitors are diverse and offer a variety of solutions directed at various aspects of enterprise commerce. Existing competitors include: 
 Corporate information technology departments of current or potential customers capable of internally developing solutions; 

ERP vendors, including: Oracle, SAP and Infor, among others; 

Supply chain execution and planning vendors, including Blue Yonder/Panasonic (formerly JDA), Korber (formerly HighJump), SAS Institute, the Sterling Commerce division of IBM, Relex, and others; 

Point of sale vendors, including Aptos, Oracle, and others; and 

Smaller independent companies that have developed or are attempting to develop supply chain execution solutions or planning solutions that apply either globally or in specific countries. 

We anticipate ongoing competition from ERP and supply chain management (SCM) applications vendors and from business application software vendors that may broaden their solution offerings by internally developing or acquiring or partnering with independent developers of supply chain planning and execution software. Some of these ERP and other potential competitors have longer operating histories; significantly more financial, technical, marketing and other resources; greater name recognition; broader solutions; and larger installed bases of customers than us. To the extent that ERP and SCM vendors or other large competitors develop or acquire systems with functionality comparable or superior to ours, their larger customer bases, long-standing customer relationships and ability to offer broader solutions outside the scope of supply chain could create significant competitive advantage for them. It also is possible that new competitors or alliances among current or new competitors could emerge to win significant market share. Increased competition could result in price reductions, fewer customer orders, reduced earnings and margins and loss of market share. In turn, this could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. 
 We believe we have established meaningful competitive differentiation through our supply chain and omnichannel commerce expertise; our platform-based solution approach; our track record of continuous supply chain commerce innovation and investment; our strong and endorsing customer relationships; our significant success in deploying and supporting supply chain, inventory and omnichannel solutions for market-leading companies; our success in helping our clients address the enterprise impacts of digital commerce; and our ability to out-execute others in identifying sales opportunities and demonstrating expertise throughout the sales cycle. However, to further our market success, we must continue to respond promptly and effectively to economic consumption models such as cloud subscription, technological change and competitors innovations. Consequently, we cannot assure that we will not be required to make substantial additional investments in research, development, marketing, sales and customer service efforts in order to meet any competitive threat, or that we will be able to compete successfully in the future. 
 International Operations: Segments 
 We have three reportable segments based on geographic location: North and Latin America the Americas ); Europe, Middle East and Africa EMEA ); and Asia Pacific APAC ). For further information on our segments, see Note 8 of the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements. International revenue includes all revenue derived from sales to customers outside the United States. At December 31, 2022, we employed approximately 2,500 employees in our international operations. 
 10 

Proprietary Rights 
 We rely on a combination of copyright, patent, trade secret, trademark and trade dress laws, confidentiality procedures and contractual provisions to protect our proprietary rights in our products, processes and technology. We have registered trademarks for Manhattan Associates and the Manhattan Associates logo, as well as a number of our products and features. Generally, we enter into confidentiality and assignment-of-rights agreements with our employees, consultants, customers and potential customers and limit access to, and distribution of, our proprietary information. We provide our SaaS services and license our proprietary products to our customers under services contracts and license agreements that we believe contain appropriate use and other restrictions in order to try to best protect our ownership of our services and products and our proprietary rights and to protect our revenue potential. However, despite our efforts to safeguard and maintain our proprietary rights, we cannot ensure that we will successfully deter misappropriation, unintended disclosure or independent third-party development of our technology or our proprietary rights or information. Policing unauthorized use of our products is difficult, and, while we are unable to determine the extent to which piracy of our software solutions exists, as is the case with any software company, piracy could become a problem. Further, to the extent that we enter into transactions in countries where intellectual property laws are not well developed or are poorly enforced, our efforts to protect our proprietary rights may be ineffective. Whether we seek to enforce our proprietary rights in the U.S. or abroad, our efforts, including litigation to enforce our rights, can result in substantial costs and diversion of resources, and such efforts, or our failure to succeed in such efforts, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows, regardless of the final outcome. 
 As the number of supply chain management solutions available in the marketplace increases and solution functionality continues to overlap, supply chain software may increasingly become subject to claims of infringement or other misappropriation of intellectual property. Third parties may assert infringement or misappropriation claims against us relating to our products, processes or technology. Such claims, whether or not they have merit, generally are time-consuming and may result in costly litigation, divert management s attention or cause product shipment delays or require us to enter into royalty or licensing arrangements. Defense of infringement or other misappropriation claims, entering into royalty or licensing agreements, the unavailability of such agreements, or adverse determinations in proprietary rights litigation could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. 
 Employees and Human Capital Management 
 At Manhattan, employees are our most-valued asset and are the key to our success. We have offices in Australia, Chile, China, France, Germany, India, Italy, Japan, the Netherlands, Singapore, Spain, the United Kingdom, and the United States, as well as representatives in Mexico and reseller partnerships in Latin America, Eastern Europe, the Middle East, South Africa, and Asia. As of December 31, 2022, we employed approximately 4,150 employees worldwide. 
 Diversity Inclusion: Our workforce is highly educated and diverse, which we believe is important for our continued success as a leading innovator in supply chain and omnichannel commerce software and services. Our employees comprise software developers, engineers, and other technical workers and professionals in business operations and administration. Manhattan s PRISM TM embodies our long-standing global diversity and inclusion strategy and is driven by team members with a passion for creating an innovative and inclusive environment. It brings our diverse cultures together to form a collective brilliance in an environment where individuals from all backgrounds and experiences can feel comfortable as themselves. Through PRISM, we offer our Women s Initiative Network (WIN TM and our Multicultural Network (MCN TM ). We also have a dedicated learning path for all employees regarding diversity and inclusion. 
 Talent Acquisition, Retaining, and Engagement: We employ several strategies for attracting, retaining, and engaging our talented workforce. To build a steady and diverse pipeline of talent, we have a robust in-house recruiting program, which includes campus recruiting focused on universities with leading supply chain, engineering, and computer science programs. Further, we employ recruiting processes that mitigate unconscious biases and promote diverse candidate pools. Additionally, we cultivate partnerships with organizations focused on hiring women, minorities, individuals with disabilities, and veterans, including Circa, Technologists of Color, and Society of Women Engineers. Our campus programs include recruitment at historically black colleges and universities (HBCUs) and other schools with a high percentage of females and minorities enrolled in engineering and computer science programs. Further, as a federal contractor, we comply with federal contractor affirmative action requirements to employ and advance women, minorities, individuals with disabilities, and protected veterans. 
 To attract and retain employees, we provide competitive compensation and benefits programs, employee recognition, career development opportunities, and access to continual growth through online learning platforms, external training, and in-house live training. 
 To further employee enrichment and engagement, we periodically survey our employees regarding their engagement levels. We use these survey results to determine how we can continue to create work environments that enable and energize our employees and to develop a positive culture. None of our U.S. employees are subject to a collective bargaining agreement; our employees in both France 
 11 

(approximately 160 employees) and the Netherlands (approximately 90 employees) are represented by employee works councils. Globally, we have experienced no work stoppages, and we believe our relations with our employees are strong. 
 Social Responsibility: At Manhattan, we provide opportunities for our employees to take a full day each year to give back to their communities. We call this our Manhattan Purpose TM day. We also give our employees multiple opportunities to serve through community partnerships that we cultivate through our Manhattan Connect TM program. 
 Well-being: We support the mental, emotional, physical, and financial well-being of our employees around the world with various company-provided programs and self-service tools, including free virtual mental health counseling, free gym access in certain locations, and free educational webinars, speakers, and other resources for personal financial and benefit plan management. In 2022, we hired our first director of global well-being, who oversees our well-being programs and continues to look for ways to enhance our offerings. 
 Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) 
 At Manhattan, we are committed to meeting our responsibilities to our stakeholders in the areas of Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) and believe our ESG objectives align favorably with their interests. Our Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Steering Committee, chaired by our CEO, overseen by our Board of Directors, and representing various levels of company management, sets our ESG objectives, ensures our focus and track our progress. More information on our ESG programs can be found on our ESG website, https://www.manh.com/esg . 
 Available Information 
 We file annual, quarterly and current reports and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC or the Commission ). The SEC maintains a website at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. 
 On our website, www.manh.com , we provide free of charge our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments thereto, as soon as reasonably practicable after they have been electronically filed or furnished to the SEC. Information contained on our website is not part of this Form 10-K or our other filings with the SEC. 
 Additionally, our code of business conduct and ethics and the charters of the Audit, Compensation, and Nomination and Governance Committees of our Board of Directors are available on our website. 
 It em 1A. Risk Factors 
 You should consider the following and other risk factors in evaluating our business or an investment in our common stock. The occurrence of adverse events described in the following risk factors or other adverse events not described in the following risk factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition, and could cause the trading price of our common stock to decline. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business 
 The effects of a pandemic or major public health concern such as the COVID-19 pandemic could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. In March 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of the novel coronavirus, and the disease it causes, COVID-19, a pandemic. The pandemic spread throughout the U.S. and the world and has resulted in authorities implementing numerous measures from time to time to contain the virus, including travel bans and restrictions, quarantines, shelter-in-place orders, and business limitations and shutdowns. While we are unable to completely predict the full impact that a pandemic and related remedial measures will have on our results from operations, financial condition, liquidity and cash flows due to numerous uncertainties, including the duration and severity of the pandemic and containment measures, our compliance with these measures could impact our day-to-day operations and could disrupt our business and operations, as well as that of our customers, suppliers and other counterparties, for an indefinite period of time. 
 The negative effects of a global pandemic such as COVID-19 on the overall economy could cause our revenues and profitability to decline for numerous reasons, including: 
 Our customers could implement cost-saving measures, which may include reductions in information technology expense or requests for extended payment terms; 

Some customers could file for bankruptcy; 

Forced store closures could accelerate pre-existing disruption in the retail sector; and/or 

12 

The spending habits of our customers customers could change, reducing our customers own revenues and profitability, which in turn could affect our revenues and profitability. 

While we have experienced strong demand during 2022 and expect continued growth for our cloud solutions, sales cycles could extend as our customers and prospects continue to evaluate our solutions, including Manhattan Active Warehouse Management. 
 
 In addition, restrictions on in-person interaction, whether occasioned by government orders or changed habits or customs regarding social distancing and group activity after the expiration of strict government measures, may have a material impact on our business. For instance, implementation of our software may be impeded if either our personnel or our customer s information technology personnel are working remotely. 
 
 A decrease in revenues could also negatively affect our liquidity, as we primarily rely on cash generated from operating activities for our liquidity needs. Compounding this issue, a pandemic may make outside capital less available or more expensive. 
 Our future revenue is dependent on continuing sales from cloud subscriptions, which in turn drive sales of professional services. We are dependent on our new customers as well as our large installed customer base to purchase additional cloud subscriptions and professional services from us. In future periods customers may discontinue the cloud subscriptions and in turn may not purchase additional professional services from us. If our customers decide to discontinue the cloud subscription, or if they reduce the scope of their professional services agreements, our revenue could decrease significantly, and that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. 
 In addition, many of our customers are using older versions of our products for which we are no longer developing any further upgrades or enhancements. While we intend to migrate our customers who are using these versions to newer versions, products or convert them to cloud subscription, there can be no assurance that these customers will do so. If customers using older versions of our products decide not to license our current software products, or decide to discontinue the use of our products and associated post-contract support services, our revenue could decrease and our operating results could be materially adversely affected. 
 If we encounter defects, delays or interruptions in our cloud subscription services, the demand for these services could diminish, and we could incur significant liability. We currently utilize data center hosting facilities, which are managed by third-parties, to provide cloud solutions and hosting services to our customers. If the data center facilities fail or encounter any damage, it could result in interruptions in services to our customers. This could result in unanticipated downtime for our customers, and in turn, our reputation and business could be adversely affected. In addition, if our customers use our cloud arrangements in unanticipated ways, this could cause an interruption in service for other customers attempting to access their data. 
 If any defects, delays or interruption in our cloud solutions occur, customers could elect to cancel their service, delay or withhold payment to us, not purchase from us in the future or make claims against us, which could adversely affect our business reputation, results of operations, cash flow, and financial condition. 
 Delays in implementing our products could adversely impact our business, results of operations, cash flow, and financial condition. Due to the size and complexity of most of our software implementations, our implementation cycle can be lengthy and may result in delays. Our products may require modification or customization and must integrate with many existing computer systems and software programs of our customers. This can be time-consuming and expensive for customers and can result in implementation and deployment delays of our products. Additional delays could result if we fail to attract, train, and retain services personnel, or if our alliance companies fail to commit sufficient resources towards implementing our software. These delays and resulting customer dissatisfaction could limit our future sales opportunities, harm our reputation, and adversely impact results of operations, cash flow, and financial condition. 
 Our liability to clients may be substantial if our systems fail, which could adversely impact our business, results of operations, cash flow, and financial condition . Our products are often critical to the operations of our customers businesses and provide benefits that may be difficult to quantify. If our products fail to function as required which, as described in more detail in other risk factors, could be due to software bugs, cloud hosting service failures, security breaches, faulty implementations or other reasons we may be subject to claims for substantial damages. Courts may not enforce provisions in our contracts that would limit our liability or otherwise protect us from liability for damages. Defending a lawsuit, regardless of its merit, could be costly and divert management s time and attention. Although we maintain general liability insurance and error and omissions coverage, these coverages may not continue to be available on reasonable terms or in sufficient amounts to cover claims against us. In addition, our insurer may disclaim coverage as to any future claim. If claims exceeding the available insurance coverage are successfully asserted against us, or our insurer imposes premium increases or large deductibles or co-insurance requirements on us, then our business, results of operations, cash flow, and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 13 

Our ability to sell our cloud solutions is highly dependent on the quality of our services offerings, and our failure to offer high quality services could adversely impact our business, results of operations, cash flow, and financial condition. Most of our customers rely to some extent on our professional services to aid in the implementation of our software solutions. Once our software has been installed and deployed, our customers may depend on us to provide them with ongoing support and resolution of issues relating to our software. Therefore, a high level of service is critical for the continued marketing and sale of our solutions. If we or our partners do not efficiently and effectively install and deploy our software products, or succeed in helping our customers quickly resolve post-deployment issues, our ability to sell software products to these customers would be adversely affected and our reputation in the marketplace with potential customers could suffer. 
 Our pricing models may need to be modified due to price competition. The competitive markets in which we operate may oblige us to reduce our prices in order to contend with the pricing models of our competitors. If our competitors discount certain products or services, we may have to lower prices on certain products or services in order to attract or retain customers. Any such price modifications would likely reduce margins and could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flow, and financial condition. 
 We may encounter long sales cycles, particularly with our larger customers, which could have an adverse effect on the amount, timing, and predictability of our revenue, adversely affecting our business, results of operations, cash flow, and financial condition. Our products have lengthy sales cycles, which typically extend from nine to twelve months and may take up to several years. Potential and existing customers, particularly larger enterprise customers, often commit significant resources to an evaluation of available solutions and services and require us to expend substantial time and resources in connection with our sales efforts. The length of our sales cycles also varies depending on the type of customer to which we are selling, the product being sold, and customer requirements. We may incur substantial sales and marketing expenses and expend significant management effort during this time, regardless of whether we make a sale. Many of the key risks relating to sales processes are beyond our control, including: our customers budgetary and scheduling constraints; the timing of our customers budget cycles and approval processes; our customers willingness to replace their currently deployed software solutions; and general economic conditions. 
 As a result of these lengthy and uncertain sales cycles of our products and services, it is difficult for us to predict when customers may purchase products or services from us, thereby affecting when we can recognize the associated revenue, and our operating results may vary significantly and may be adversely affected. The length of our sales cycle makes us susceptible to having pending transactions delayed or terminated by our customers if they decide to delay or withdraw funding for IT projects. Our customers may decide to delay or withdraw funding for IT projects for various reasons, including, but not limited to, global economic cycles and capital market fluctuations. 
 Our ability to maintain and develop our brand is critical for our continued success. The brand identity we have developed has significantly contributed to the continued success of our business. Our ability to maintain and develop our brand is critical in expanding our base of customers, partners and employees. Our brand will depend largely on our ability to remain a technology leader and continue to provide high-quality innovative products, services, and features. Significant investments may be required in order to maintain and develop our brand. However, the investments may later be proven to be unsuccessful. If we fail to maintain and develop our brand, or if we incur excessive expenses in our efforts to do so, our business, operating results and financial condition may be materially and adversely affected. 
 Our technology must be advanced if we are to remain competitive . The market for our products is characterized by rapid technological change, frequent new product introductions and enhancements, changes in customer demands, and evolving industry standards. Our existing products could be rendered obsolete if we fail to continue to advance our technology. We have also found that the technological life cycles of our products are difficult to estimate, partially because of changing demands of other participants in the supply chain. We believe that our future success will depend in large part upon our ability to continue to enhance our current product line while we concurrently develop and introduce new products that keep pace with competitive and technological developments. These developments require us to continue to make substantial product development investments. Although we are presently developing a number of product enhancements to our product sets, we cannot assure you that these enhancements will be completed on a timely basis or gain customer acceptance. 
 
 Economic, political and market conditions can adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition, including our revenue growth and profitability, which in turn could adversely affect our stock price. Our business is influenced by a range of factors that are beyond our control and that we have no comparative advantage in forecasting. These include: 
 general economic and business conditions; 

interest rate and inflation rate trends and fluctuations; 

overall demand for enterprise software and services; 

governmental policy, budgetary constraints or shifts in government spending priorities; 

14 

general geo-political developments, such as the war in Ukraine; and 

currency exchange rate fluctuations. 

Macroeconomic developments in the United States and Europe and in parts of Asia and South America could negatively affect our business, operating results, financial condition and outlook, which, in turn, could adversely affect our stock price. Any general weakening of, and related declining corporate confidence in, the global economy or the curtailment in government or corporate spending could cause current or potential customers to reduce or eliminate their information technology budgets and spending, which could cause customers to delay, decrease or cancel purchases of our products and services; or cause customers not to pay us; or to delay paying us for previously purchased products and services. 
 In addition, political unrest and the related potential impact on global stability, acts of war or terrorism and the potential for other hostilities in various parts of the world, as well as potential public health crises and natural disasters continue to contribute to a climate of economic and political uncertainty that could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition, including our revenue growth and profitability. 
 Disruption in our vertical markets could materially affect our revenues and results of operations. Our largest market, retail, is experiencing significant business disruption and transformation, primarily driven by digital commerce. We believe that disruption is causing many traditional retailers to assess the challenges of the transformation and evaluate their store networks and costs, as they face increasing competitive pressures from ecommerce retailers. Since our solutions often require our customers to make significant capital investments, traditional retailers could delay purchase decisions on our products. While this disruption may present significant opportunity for our company, we believe extended sales cycles for large cloud subscriptions could have a material adverse effect on our revenues and results of operations. 
 Inability to attract, integrate, and retain management and other personnel could adversely impact our business, results of operations, cash flow, and financial condition. Our success greatly depends on the continued service of our executives, as well as our other key senior management, technical personnel, and sales personnel. Our future success will depend in large part upon our ability to attract, retain, and motivate highly skilled executives and employees. We face significant competition for individuals with the skills required to perform the services we offer, and thus we may encounter increased compensation costs that are not offset by increased revenue. In the broader technology industry in which we compete for talented hires, there is substantial and continuous competition for engineers with high levels of experience in designing, developing and managing software, as well as competition for sales executives and operations personnel. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to attract and retain sufficient numbers of these highly skilled employees or motivate them. Because of the complexity of the supply chain market, we may experience a significant time lag between the date on which technical and sales personnel are hired and the time at which these persons become fully productive. 
 We may not be able to continue to successfully compete with other companies . We compete in markets that are intensely competitive and are expected to become more competitive as current competitors expand their product offerings. Our current competitors come from many segments of the software industry and offer a variety of solutions directed at various aspects of the extended supply chain, as well as the enterprise as a whole. We face competition for product sales from: 
 Corporate information technology departments of current or potential customers capable of internally developing solutions; 

ERP vendors, including: Oracle, SAP, and Infor, among others; 

Supply chain execution and planning vendors, including Blue Yonder/Panasonic (formerly JDA), Korber (formerly HighJump), SAS Institute, the Sterling Commerce division of IBM, Relex, and others; 

Point of sale vendors, including Aptos, Oracle, and others; and 

Smaller independent companies that have developed or are attempting to develop supply chain execution solutions or planning solutions that apply either globally or in specific countries. 

Some of these potential competitors have longer operating histories, significantly more financial, technical, marketing, and other resources, greater name recognition, broader solutions, and larger installed bases of customers than we do. We believe the domain expertise required to continuously innovate supply chain technology in our target markets, effectively and efficiently implement solutions, identify and attract sales opportunities, and compete successfully in the sales cycle provides us with a competitive advantage and is a significant barrier to market entry. However, in order to be successful in the future, we must continue to respond promptly and effectively to technological change and competitors innovations, and consequently we cannot assure you that we will not be required to make substantial additional investments in connection with our research, development, marketing, sales, and customer service efforts in order to meet any competitive threat, or that we will be able to compete successfully in the future. Some of our competitors have significant resources at their disposal, and the degree to which we will compete with their new innovative products in the 
 15 

marketplace is undetermined. Increased competition could result in price reductions, fewer customer orders, reduced earnings and margins, and loss of market share. In turn, this could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flow, and financial condition. 
 Our operating results are substantially dependent on one line of business . We continue to derive our revenues from sales of our supply chain cloud solutions and related professional services. Accordingly, any factor adversely affecting the markets for supply chain cloud solutions could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flow, and financial condition. 
 Our research and development activities may not generate significant returns. We anticipate continuing to make significant investments in software research and development and related product opportunities because we believe that we must continue to allocate a significant amount of resources to our research and development activities in order to compete successfully. We cannot estimate with any certainty when we will, if ever, receive significant revenues from these investments. 
 Our growth is dependent upon the successful development of our direct and indirect sales channel mix . We believe that our future growth also will depend on further developing and maintaining a successful direct sales force and strategic relationships with systems integrators and other technology companies. We invest significant resources to maintain and develop our sales channels. Our investment could adversely affect our operating results if these efforts do not generate cloud and services revenue necessary to offset the investment. 
 Mergers or other strategic transactions involving our competitors could weaken our competitive position or reduce our revenue. Our competitors have been consolidating, which may make them more formidable. Competing with stronger companies may cause us to experience pricing pressure and loss of market share, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flow, and financial condition. 
 Our business, results of operations, cash flow, and financial condition may be adversely affected if we cannot integrate acquired companies or manage joint ventures. We may from time to time acquire companies with complementary products and services. These acquisitions will expose us to increased risks and costs, including those arising from the following: assimilating new operations and personnel; diverting financial and management resources from existing operations; and integrating acquired technologies. We may not be able to generate sufficient revenue from any of these acquisitions to offset the associated acquisition costs. We may also evaluate joint venture relationships with complementary businesses. Any joint venture we enter into would involve many of the same risks posed by acquisitions, particularly the following: risks associated with the diversion of resources; the inability to generate sufficient revenue; the management of relationships with third parties; and potential additional expenses. 
 Our business may require additional capital . We may require additional capital to finance our growth or to fund acquisitions or investments in complementary businesses, technologies or product lines. Our capital requirements may be impacted by many factors, including: demand for our products; the timing of and extent to which we invest in new technology; the timing of and extent to which we acquire other companies; the level and timing of revenue; the expenses of sales and marketing and new product development; the success and related expense of increasing our brand awareness; the cost of facilities to accommodate a growing workforce; the extent to which competitors are successful in developing new products and increasing their market share; and the costs involved in maintaining and enforcing intellectual property rights. 
 Fires or other catastrophic events at our principal facilities could disrupt our business. Fires, natural disasters or other catastrophic events, particularly those affecting our Atlanta headquarters or India research and development center, may cause damage or disruption to our operations, and thus could have a strong negative effect on us. Our business operations are subject to interruption by natural disasters, fire, power shortages, pandemics and other events beyond our control. Although we maintain crisis management and disaster response plans, such events could make it difficult or impossible for us to deliver our services to our customers. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property and Cybersecurity 
 Our software may contain undetected errors or bugs causing harm to our reputation, which could adversely impact our business, results of operations, cash flow, and financial condition. Software products as complex as those we offer might contain undetected errors or failures when we first introduce them or when we release new versions. Despite testing, we cannot ensure errors will not be found in new products or product enhancements after commercial release. Any errors could cause substantial harm to our reputation, result in additional unplanned expenses to remedy any defects, delay the introduction of new products, result in the loss of existing or potential customers, or cause a loss in revenue. Further, such errors could subject us to customer claims for significant damages, and we cannot guarantee courts would enforce the provisions in our customer agreements limiting our damage liability. In turn, this could materially affect our business, results of operations, cash flow, and financial condition. 
 If our data protection or other security measures are compromised and, as a result, our data, our customers data or our IT systems are accessed improperly, made unavailable, or improperly modified, our products and services may be perceived as 
 16 

vulnerable, possibly damaging our brand and reputation, disrupting the IT services we provide to our customers, and causing our customers to stop using our products and services, all of which could reduce our revenue and earnings, increase our expenses and expose us to legal claims and regulatory actions. Our products and services can store, retrieve, manipulate and manage our customers information and data as well as our own. We have a reputation for secure and reliable software products and services and invest time and resources into protecting the integrity and security of our products, services and internal and external data that we manage. 
 Nevertheless, we encounter attempts by third parties to penetrate or bypass our data protection and other security measures and gain unauthorized access to our networks, systems and data or compromise our customers confidential information or data. Unauthorized third parties also could improperly access or modify data as a result of employee or supplier error or malfeasance and third parties may attempt to fraudulently induce employees or customers into disclosing sensitive information such as user names, passwords or other information. 
 These risks are persistent and likely will increase as we continue to grow our cloud offerings and services and store and process increasingly large amounts of our customers confidential information and data. We also may acquire companies, products, services and technologies and inherit such risks when we integrate these acquisitions within Manhattan. 
 If a cyber-attack or other security incident were to occur, we could suffer damage to our brand and reputation, which could reduce our revenue, earnings, and operating cash flow resulting from increased expenses, including potential legal claims and regulatory actions to address and fix the incidents. 
 Further, as regulatory focus on privacy issues continues to increase and become more complex, these potential risks to our business will intensify. Changes in laws or regulations associated with the enhanced protection of certain types of sensitive data could significantly increase our cost of providing our products and services. 
 The use of open source software in our products may expose us to additional risks and harm our intellectual property, which could adversely impact our business, results of operations, cash flow, and financial condition. Some of our products use or incorporate software that is subject to one or more open source licenses. Open source software is typically freely accessible, usable and modifiable. Certain open source software licenses require a user who intends to distribute the open source software as a component of the user s software to disclose publicly part or all of the source code to the user s software. In addition, certain open source software licenses require the user of such software to make any derivative works of the open source code available to others on unfavorable terms or at no cost. This can subject previously proprietary software to open source license terms. 
 While we monitor the use of all open source software in our products, processes, and technology and try to ensure that no open source software is used in such a way as to require us to disclose the source code to the related product or solution, such use could inadvertently occur. Additionally, if a third-party software provider has incorporated open source software into software we license from them for use in our products and solutions, we could, under certain circumstances, be required to disclose the source code to our products and solutions. This could harm our intellectual property position and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flow, and financial condition. 
 If we are unable to develop software applications that interoperate with computing platforms developed by others, our business, results of operations, cash flow, and financial condition may be adversely affected. We develop software applications that interoperate with operating systems, database platforms, and hardware devices developed by others, which we refer to collectively as computing platforms. If the developers of these computing platforms do not cooperate with us or we are unable to devote the necessary resources so that our applications interoperate with those computing platforms, our software development efforts may be delayed and our business and results of operations may be adversely affected. When new or updated versions of these computing platforms are introduced, it is often necessary for us to develop updated versions of our software applications so that they interoperate properly with these computing platforms. We may not accomplish these development efforts quickly or cost-effectively, and it is difficult to predict what the relative growth rates of adoption of these computing platforms will be. These development efforts require substantial investment, the devotion of substantial employee resources, and the cooperation of the developers of the computing platforms. For some computing platforms, we must obtain some proprietary application program interfaces from the owner in order to develop software applications that interoperate with the computing platforms. Computing platform providers have no obligation to assist in these development efforts. If they do not provide us with assistance or the necessary proprietary application program interfaces on a timely basis, we may experience delays or be unable to expand our software applications into other areas. 
 The computing platforms we use may not continue to be available to us on commercially reasonable terms. Any loss of the right to use any of these systems could result in delays in the provision of our products and services, and our results of operations may be adversely affected. Defects in computing platforms could result in errors or failure of our products, which could harm our business. 
 We incorporate third-party software in our solutions, the failure or unavailability of which could adversely affect our ability to sell, support, and service our products. We incorporate and include third-party software into and with certain of our 
 17 

products and solutions and expect to continue to do so. The operation of our products could be impaired if there are defects in that third-party software. It may be difficult for us to correct any defects in third-party software because the development and maintenance of the software is not within our control. Such defects could adversely affect our business. 
 In addition, there can be no assurance that these third parties will continue to make their software available to us on acceptable terms, or at all; not make their products available to our competitors on more favorable terms; invest the appropriate levels of resources in their products and services to maintain and enhance the capabilities of their software; or remain in business. Any impairment in our relationship with these third parties or our ability to license or otherwise use their software could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flow, and financial condition. 
 Liability for intellectual property claims can be costly and result in the loss of significant rights, which could adversely impact our business, results of operations, cash flow, and financial condition . It is possible that third parties will claim that we have infringed their current or future products, inventions, or other intellectual property. We expect that supply chain software developers like us will increasingly be subject to infringement claims as the number of products grows. Any claims, with or without merit, could be time-consuming, result in costly litigation, cause product shipment delays, or require us to pay monetary damages or to enter into royalty or licensing agreements, any of which could negatively impact our operating results. There are no assurances that these royalty or licensing agreements, if required, would be available on terms acceptable to us, if at all. We also may be required to indemnify our customers for damages they suffer as a result of such infringement. There are no assurances that legal action claiming patent infringement will not be commenced against us, or that we would prevail in litigation given the complex technical issues and inherent uncertainties in patent litigation. If a patent claim against us were successful and we could not obtain a license on acceptable terms or license a substitute technology or redesign the product or feature to avoid infringement, we may be prevented from distributing our software or required to incur significant expense and delay in developing non-infringing software. Any of these events could seriously harm our business, results of operations, cash flow, and financial condition. 
 Our failure to adequately protect our proprietary rights could adversely impact our business, results of operations, cash flow, and financial condition . Our success and ability to compete is dependent in part upon our proprietary technology. There are no assurances that we will be able to protect our proprietary rights against unauthorized disclosure or third-party copying or use. We rely on a combination of copyright, patent, trademark, and trade secret laws, as well as confidentiality agreements, licensing arrangements, and contractual commitments to establish and protect our proprietary rights. Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary rights, existing copyright, patent, trademark, and trade secret laws afford only limited protection. In addition, the laws of certain foreign countries do not protect our rights to the same extent as do the laws of the United States. Attempts may be made to copy or reverse engineer aspects of our products or to obtain and use information that we regard as proprietary. Any infringement of our proprietary rights could negatively impact our future operating results. Furthermore, policing the unauthorized use of our products is difficult, and litigation may be necessary in the future to enforce our intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets, or to determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others. Litigation could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources. In turn, our business, results of operations, cash flow, and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 
 Risks Related to Laws and Regulations 
 We may have exposure to additional tax liabilities . As a multinational corporation, we are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and various foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining our global provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities. In the ordinary course of a global business, there are many intercompany transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Our income tax returns are routinely subject to audits by tax authorities. Although we regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine our tax estimates, a final determination of tax audits or tax disputes could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Also, the earnings of our foreign subsidiaries are considered to be indefinitely reinvested. If our plans change in the future or if we elect to repatriate the unremitted earnings of our foreign subsidiaries in the form of dividends or otherwise, we could be subject to additional local withholding taxes which may result in a higher effective tax rate. 
 In addition, the United States and other governments adopt tax reform measures from time to time that impact future effective tax rates favorably or unfavorably. These tax reforms may be in the form of changes in tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets or liabilities, or changes in tax laws or their interpretation. Such changes can have a material adverse impact on our financial results. In 2022, the United States enacted the Inflation Reduction Act, which includes a 1 excise tax on corporate stock repurchases. While we do not anticipate that changes in the tax laws or rates in that Act will have a material, direct impact on the Company, imposition of new excise taxes and minimum corporate tax rates such as these can have a material adverse impact on the Company in the future. 
 We are also subject to non-income taxes, such as payroll, sales, use, value-added, net worth, property and goods and services taxes in the U.S. and various foreign jurisdictions. We are regularly under audit by tax authorities with respect to these non-income taxes 
 18 

and may have exposure to additional non-income tax liabilities, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 Other laws and regulations . We face risks related to other laws and regulations in areas discussed elsewhere in Risk Factors section, including data protection, export controls and immigration. 
 Risks Related to International Operations 
 Our international operations have many associated risks . We continue to strategically manage our presence in international markets, and these efforts require significant management attention and financial resources. We may not be able to successfully penetrate international markets, or, if we do, there can be no assurance that we will grow our business in these markets at the same rate as in North America. International sales are subject to many risks and difficulties, including those arising from complying with a variety of foreign laws, import and export restrictions and tariffs, reduced protection for intellectual property rights in some countries, potential adverse tax treatment, less stringent adherence to ethical and legal standards by prospective customers in some countries, language and cultural barriers and political and economic instability. Because of these inherent complexities and challenges, lack of success in international markets could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flow, and financial condition. 
 Our operating results may include foreign currency gains and losses. We conduct a portion of our business in currencies other than the United States dollar. Our revenues, expenses, operating profit and net income are affected when the dollar weakens or strengthens in relation to other currencies. In addition, we have a large development center in Bangalore, India, that does not have a natural in-market revenue hedge to mitigate currency risk to our operating expense in India. Fluctuations in the value of other currencies could materially impact our revenues, expenses, operating profit and net income. 
 Our employee retention and hiring may be hindered by immigration restrictions, which could adversely impact our business, results of operations, cash flow, and financial condition. Foreign nationals who are not U.S. citizens or permanent residents constitute a significant part of our professional U.S. workforce. Our ability to hire and retain these workers, and their ability to remain and work in the U.S. are impacted by laws and regulations as well as by processing procedures of various government agencies. Changes in laws, regulations, or procedures may adversely affect our ability to hire or retain such workers and may affect our costs of doing business and/or our ability to deliver services. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Common Stock 
 Our stock price has been highly volatile . The trading price of our common stock could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to various factors, including: global macro-economic contraction impacting demand for supply chain solutions; quarterly variations in operating results; announcements of technological innovations or new products by us or our competitors; developments with respect to patents or proprietary rights; changes in financial estimates by securities analysts; and mergers, acquisitions, and combinations involving our competitors or us. 
 Our operating results are difficult to predict and could cause our stock price to fall . Our quarterly revenue and operating results are difficult to predict and can fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter. If our quarterly revenue or operating results fall below the expectations of investors or public market analysts, the price of our common stock could fall substantially. Our quarterly revenue is difficult to forecast for several reasons, including the following: global macro-economic disruptions; credit and equity market disruptions, which can significantly impact capital availability and spend timing of customers or potential customers; the varying sales cycle for our products and services from customer to customer, including multiple levels of authorization required by some customers; the varying demand for our products; customers budgeting and purchasing cycles; delays in our implementations at customer sites; timing of hiring new services employees and the rate at which these employees become productive; timing of introduction of new products; development and performance of our distribution channels; and timing of any acquisitions and related costs. 
 Most of our expenses, including employee compensation and rent, are relatively fixed. In addition, our expense levels are based, in part, on our expectations regarding future revenue increases. As a result, any shortfall in revenue in relation to our expectations could cause significant changes in our operating results from quarter to quarter and could result in quarterly losses. As a result of these factors, we believe that period-to-period comparisons of our revenue levels and operating results are not necessarily meaningful. Historical growth rates and historical quarterly revenue and operating results may not be a good indicator of future operating results and reliance on historical results should not be used to predict our future performance. 
 Our articles of incorporation and bylaws and Georgia law may inhibit a takeover of our company . Our corporate organizational documents and Georgia law contain provisions that might enable our management to resist a takeover of our company. These provisions might discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our company or a change in our management. These provisions could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for shareholders to elect their own director nominees and 
 19 

compel other corporate actions. The existence of these provisions could also limit the price that investors might be willing to pay for shares of our common stock. 
 
 General Risk Factors 
 Changes in, or interpretation of, accounting principles could result in unfavorable accounting changes. Our Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) and accompanying accounting pronouncements, implementation guidelines, and interpretations. These rules are subject to interpretation by the SEC and various bodies formed to interpret and create appropriate accounting principles. Changes in these rules or their interpretation could significantly change our reported results and may even retroactively affect previously reported transactions. Changes resulting from these new accounting standards or the adoption of other new or revised accounting principles may result in materially different financial results and may require that we make changes to our systems, processes, and controls. In addition, as we work to align with the guidelines of the Financial Stability Board s Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures TCFD and the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board SASB environmental metrics, we may continue to expand our disclosure in these areas. Our failure to report accurately or achieve progress on our metrics timely could adversely affect our reputation, financial performance and business growth. 
 Adverse litigation results could affect our business . From time to time, we may be involved in litigation relating to claims arising in the ordinary course of business, and occasionally legal proceeding not in the ordinary course. Litigation can be lengthy, expensive and disruptive to our operations, and can divert our management s attention away from running our core business. The results of any litigation also cannot be predicted with certainty. An adverse decision could result in monetary damages or injunctive relief that could affect our business, operating results or financial condition. Additional information regarding legal matters in which we are involved, if any, can be found in Note 5 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. 

It em 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 
 It em 2. Properties 
 Our principal administrative, sales, marketing, support, and research and development facility is located in approximately 221,000 square feet of modern office space in Atlanta, Georgia. Substantially all of this space is leased to us through September 30, 2025. We have an additional office under a multi-year agreement in New Jersey. We also occupy facilities outside of the United States under multi-year agreements in the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, France, Chile, China, Japan, Singapore, India, Italy and Australia. We also occupy offices under short-term agreements in Germany and Spain. We believe our office space is adequate to meet our immediate needs; however, we may expand into additional facilities in the future. 
 
 It em 3. Legal Proceedings 
 From time to time, we may be a party to legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business or outside of the ordinary course. We are not currently a party to any legal proceeding the result of which we believe could have a material adverse impact upon our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 Many of our customer engagements involve services or products that are critical to the operations of our clients businesses. Any downtime or failure of our services or products could result in a claim for substantial damages against us, regardless of our responsibility for that failure. Although we attempt to contractually limit our liability for damages arising from services or product downtime or failures or negligent acts or omissions, there can be no assurance that the limitations of liability in our contracts will be enforceable. 

It em 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 

20 

PART II 

It em 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Market for Common Stock 
 Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol MANH . The number of registered shareholders of record of our common stock as of January 31, 2023 was 14. The number of record holders does not include persons who held our common stock in nominee or street name accounts through brokers. 
 We do not intend to declare or pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Our management anticipates that all earnings and other cash resources, if any, will be retained for investment in our business. 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 In the following table, we provide information regarding our current equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2022: 

Plan Category 
 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding rights 
 
 Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding rights 
 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 
 1,427,831 
 
 0.00 
 
 3,439,854 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Total 
 
 1,427,831 
 
 - 
 
 3,439,854 

You may find additional information regarding our equity compensation plans in Note 2 of the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Purchase of Equity Securities 
 In the following table, we provide information regarding our common stock repurchases under our publicly-announced share repurchase program for the quarter ended December 31, 2022. 

Period 
 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased 
 
 Average Price Paid per Share 
 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs 
 
 Maximum Number (or Approximate Dollar Value) of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs 

October 1 - October 31, 2022 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 75,000,000 

November 1 - November 30, 2022 
 
 88,990 
 
 123.14 
 
 88,990 
 
 64,041,974 

December 1 - December 31, 2022 
 
 117,428 
 
 121.57 
 
 117,428 
 
 49,765,853 

Total 
 
 206,418 

206,418 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, we repurchased a total of 1,352,954 shares at an average price per share of 129.61 under our publicly-announced share repurchase program. In January 2023, our Board of Directors approved raising the Company s remaining share repurchase authority to an aggregate of 75.0 million of our common stock. 
 
 It em 6. [Reserved] 
 
 21 

It em 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 All statements, trend analyses, and other information contained in the following discussion relative to markets for our products and trends in revenue, gross margins, and anticipated expense levels, as well as other statements including words such as may, expect, forecast, anticipate, intend, plan, believe, could, seek, project, estimate, and other similar expressions constitute forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to business and economic risks and uncertainties, including those discussed under the caption Risk Factors in Item 1A of this Form 10-K, and our actual results of operations may differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. 
 Business Overview 
 We develop, sell, deploy, service and maintain software solutions designed to manage Unified Omnichannel Commerce and Digital Supply Chain, inventory and omnichannel operations for retailers, wholesalers, manufacturers, logistics providers and other organizations. Our customers include many of the world s most premier and profitable brands. 
 Our business model is singularly focused on the development and implementation of complex commerce enablement software solutions that are designed to optimize supply chains, and retail store operations including point of sale effectiveness and efficiency for our customers. 
 We have five principal sources of revenue: 
 cloud subscriptions, including software as a service (SaaS) and hosting of software; 

licenses of our software; 

customer support services and software enhancements (collectively, maintenance ); 

professional services, including solutions planning and implementation, related consulting, customer training, and reimbursements from customers for out-of-pocket expenses (collectively, services ); and 

hardware sales. 

In 2022, we generated 767.1 million in total revenue, with a revenue mix of: cloud subscriptions 23 ; software license 3 ; maintenance 19 ; services revenue 51 ; and hardware 4 . 
 We have three geographic reportable segments: the Americas, EMEA, and APAC. Geographic revenue is based on the location of the sale. Our international revenue was approximately 238.4 million, 196.4 million and 178.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, which represents approximately 31 , 30 and 30 of our total revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. International revenue includes all revenue derived from sales to customers outside the United States. At December 31, 2022, we employed approximately 4,150 employees worldwide. We have offices in Australia, Chile, China, France, Germany, India, Italy, Japan, the Netherlands, Singapore, Spain, and the United Kingdom, as well as representatives in Mexico and reseller partnerships in Latin America, Eastern Europe, the Middle East, South Africa, and Asia. 
 
 Future Expectations 
 While we remain cautious about the global economy, our results for the full year ended 2022 exceeded our expectations due to solid demand for our cloud solutions. Our solutions are mission critical, supporting complex global supply chains. Favorable secular tailwinds, such as the digital transformation of businesses in manufacturing, wholesale and retail, coupled with our commitment to investing in organic innovation to deliver leading cloud supply chain, inventory and omnichannel commerce solutions is in synergistic alignment with current market demand. This alignment is contributing to our strong financial results, higher demand and strong win rates for our solutions for the period. 
 We remain committed to investing in our business to drive customer success and expand our total addressable market, which we believe will position us well to achieve long-term sustainable growth and earnings. We have taken steps to best ensure the health and safety of our employees globally. Our daily execution has evolved into hybrid model, and we continue to find innovative ways to engage with employees, customers and prospects. 
 Going forward, we are investing in our cloud business, including enterprise investments in innovation, and strategic operating expenses to support growth objectives. The pace at which the market adopts our cloud subscriptions, resulting in revenue recognition spread out over the subscription period rather than up front, combined with extended lead times for developing new business, can cause uncertainty, impacting our ability to accurately forecast bookings and revenues from quarter to quarter and over the longer term. 
 For 2023, our five strategic goals continue to be: 
 22 

Focus on customer success and drive sustainable long-term growth; 

Invest in innovation to expand our products and total addressable market; 

Expand our cloud suites of Unified Omnichannel Commerce and Digital Supply Chain solutions; 

Develop and grow our cloud business and cloud subscription revenue; and 

Expand our global sales, marketing, and professional service teams. 

Cloud Subscription 
 In 2017, we released Manhattan Active Solutions, accelerating our business transition to cloud subscriptions. Under a cloud subscription, customers pay a periodic fee for the right to use our software within a cloud environment that we provide and manage over a specified period of time. As part of our subscription program, we allow our existing customers to convert their maintenance contracts to cloud subscription contracts. Some customers have converted their maintenance contracts to cloud subscriptions, and we expect there will be continued opportunities to convert existing maintenance contracts to cloud subscription contracts in the future. 
 In the fifth year of our cloud transition, demand for our cloud solutions is the dominant preference of customers. Our perpetual license solutions are rapidly attritting due to market demand for cloud with almost all of our pipeline representing cloud. Cloud solutions are our fastest growing revenue line and represents 88 of total software revenue in 2022. We believe the reduction in license and maintenance revenue in favor of our cloud offerings is positive for our customers and Manhattan Associates. 
 Global Economic Trends and Industry Factors 
 Global macro-economic trends, technology spending, and supply chain management market growth are important barometers for our business. In 2022, approximately 69 of our total revenue was generated in the United States, 17 in EMEA, and the remaining balance in APAC, Canada, and Latin America. In addition, Gartner Inc. Gartner ), an information technology research and advisory company, estimates that nearly 75 of every supply chain software solutions dollar invested is spent in North America and Western Europe; consequently, the health of the U.S. and the Western European economies have a meaningful impact on our financial results. 
 We sell technology-based solutions with total pricing, including software and services, in many cases exceeding 1.0 million. Our software is often a part of our customers and prospects much larger capital commitment associated with facilities expansion and business improvement. We believe that, given the mission critical nature of our software, combined with a challenging global macro environment, our current sales cycles for large cloud subscriptions in our target markets could be extended. While demand for our solutions is solid, the current business climate within the United States and geographic regions in which we operate may affect customers and prospects decisions regarding timing of strategic capital expenditures. 
 In January 2023, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) provided a World Economic Outlook (WEO) update. The WEO update noted, global growth is projected to fall from an estimated 3.4 percent in 2022 to 2.9 percent in 2023, then rise to 3.1 percent in 2024. The rise in central bank rates to fight inflation and Russia s war in Ukraine continue to weigh on economic activity. The rapid spread of COVID-19 in China dampened growth in 2022, but the recent reopening has paved the way for a faster than expected recovery. 
 The WEO update projected that advanced economies, which represent our primary revenue markets, would grow at about 1.2 and 1.4 percent in 2023 and 2024, while the emerging and developing economies would grow at about 4.0 percent in 2023 and 4.2 percent in 2024. 
 While we are encouraged by our results, we remain cautious regarding the pace of global economic growth. We believe global geopolitical and economic volatility associated with the pandemic likely will continue to shape customers and prospects enterprise software buying decisions. 
 Revenue 
 Cloud Subscriptions and Software License revenue: Cloud subscriptions revenue and remaining performance obligation RPO growth are the leading indicators of our business performance, primarily derived from cloud subscription fees that customers pay for our Unified Omnichannel Commerce and Digital Supply Chain solutions. Since we announced our transition to becoming a cloud-first company in 2017 with our launch of Manhattan Active TM Solutions, we have continued to see a significant shift in demand for cloud solutions versus software license. By comparison, in 2016, cloud subscriptions and software license revenue represented 7 and 93 , respectively, of our total cloud and software license revenue mix. 
 In the full year ended 2022, cloud subscriptions and software license revenue were 88 and 12 , respectively, of our total cloud subscriptions and software license revenue mix. RPO increased 50 over prior year on strong demand. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 1,051.5 million of revenue is expected to be recognized from RPO. Over 97 of RPO represent cloud native 
 23 

subscriptions with a non-cancelable term greater than one year (including cloud deferred revenue as well as amounts we will invoice and recognize as revenue from our performance of cloud services in future periods). Maintenance contracts are typically one year in duration and are not included in RPO. Going forward, we expect cloud revenue to increase as a percentage of total software revenue mix on solid market demand supplanting legacy perpetual license demand. 
 In 2022, cloud subscriptions revenue totaled 176.5 million, or 23 of total revenue. The Americas, EMEA, and APAC segments recognized 149.0 million, 23.0 million and 4.5 million in cloud subscriptions revenue, respectively, in 2022. Cloud subscriptions revenue is recognized over the term of the agreement, typically five years or more. Cloud subscription revenue growth is influenced by the strength of general economic and business conditions and the competitive position of our software products. These revenues generally have long sales cycles. 
 In 2022, license revenue totaled 24.8 million, or 3 of total revenue. The Americas, EMEA, and APAC segments totaled 16.4 million, 6.4 million, and 2.1 million in license revenue, respectively, in 2022. The percentage mix of new to existing customers for the combination of cloud subscriptions and software license sales was approximately 40/60 in 2022. 
 Our Unified Omnichannel Commerce and Digital Supply Chain solutions are focused on core omnichannel operation (e-commerce, retail store operations and point of sale), supply chain commerce operations (Warehouse Management, Transportation Management and Labor Management), and Inventory Optimization, which are intensely competitive markets characterized by rapid technological change. We are a market leader in the supply chain management and omnichannel software solutions market as defined by industry analysts such as ARC Advisory Group and Gartner. Our goal is to extend our position as a leading global supply chain solutions provider by growing our cloud subscriptions and software license revenues faster than our competitors through investment in innovation. 
 Maintenance Revenue: Our maintenance revenue totaled 142.2 million, or 19 of total revenue. The Americas, EMEA and APAC segments recognized 113.3 million, 19.8 million, and 9.2 million, respectively, in maintenance revenue in 2022. For maintenance, we offer a comprehensive 24 hours per day, 365 days per year program that provides our customers with software upgrades, when and if available, which include additional or improved functionality and technological advances incorporating emerging supply chain and industry initiatives. The growth of maintenance revenues is influenced by: (1) new software license revenue growth; (2) annual renewal of support contracts; (3) increase in customers through acquisitions; (4) fluctuations in currency rates, and is offset by conversion of maintenance contracts to cloud subscription contracts. Substantially all of our customers renew their annual support contracts. Maintenance revenue is generally paid in advance and recognized over the term of the agreement, typically twelve months. Maintenance renewal revenue is recognized over the renewal period once we have a contract upon payment from the customer. 
 Services Revenue: In 2022, our services revenue totaled 394.1 million, or 51 of total revenue. The Americas, EMEA, and APAC segments recognized 296.0 million, 79.6 million, and 18.5 million, respectively. 
 Our professional services organization provides our customers with expertise and assistance in planning and implementing our solutions. To ensure a successful product implementation, consultants assist customers with the initial installation of a system, the conversion and transfer of the customer s historical data onto our system, and ongoing training, education, and system upgrades. We believe our professional services enable customers to implement our software rapidly, ensure the customer s success with our solutions, strengthen our customer relationships, and add to our industry-specific knowledge base for use in future implementations and product innovations. 
 Although our professional services are optional, the majority of our customers use at least some portion of these services for their planning, implementation, or related needs. Professional services are typically rendered under time and materials-based contracts with services typically billed on an hourly basis. Professional services are sometimes rendered under fixed-fee based contracts with payments due on specific dates or milestones. 
 Services revenue growth is contingent upon cloud sales and customer upgrade cycles, which are influenced by the strength of general economic and business conditions and the competitive position of our software products. In addition, our professional services business has competitive exposure to offshore providers and other consulting companies. 
 Hardware Revenue: Our hardware revenue, which we recognize net of related costs, totaled 29.5 million in 2022 representing 4 of total revenue. As a convenience for our cloud and software customers, we resell a variety of hardware products developed and manufactured by third parties. These products include computer hardware, radio frequency terminal networks, RFID chip readers, bar code printers and scanners, and other peripherals. We resell all third-party hardware products and related maintenance pursuant to agreements with manufacturers or through distributor-authorized reseller agreements pursuant to which we are entitled to purchase hardware products and services at discount prices. We generally purchase hardware from our vendors only after receiving an order from a customer. As a result, we do not maintain hardware inventory. 
 24 

Product Development 
 We continue to invest significantly in research and development (R D) to provide leading Unified Omnichannel Commerce and Digital Supply Chain solutions to enable global retailers, manufacturers, wholesalers, distributors and logistics providers successfully manage accelerating and fluctuating demands as well as the increasing complexity and volatility of their local and global supply chains, retail store operations and point of sale. Our R D expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were 111.9 million, 97.6 million, and 84.3 million, respectively. 
 We expect to continue to focus our R D resources on the development and enhancement of our core supply chain, inventory optimization, omnichannel and point of sale software solutions. We offer what we believe to be the broadest solutions portfolio in the supply chain solutions marketplace, to address all aspects of inventory optimization, transportation management, distribution management, planning, and omnichannel operations including order management, store inventory fulfillment, call center and point of sale. 
 We also plan to continue to enhance our existing solutions and to introduce new solutions to address evolving industry standards and market needs. We identify opportunities to further enhance our solutions and to develop and provide new solutions through our customer support organization, as well as through ongoing customer consulting engagements and implementations, interactions with our user groups, association with leading industry analysts and market research firms, and participation in industry standards and research committees. Our solutions address the needs of customers in various vertical markets, including retail, consumer goods, food and grocery logistics service providers, industrial and wholesale, high technology and electronics, life sciences, and government. 
 Cash Flow and Financial Condition 
 For 2022, we generated cash flow from operating activities of 179.6 million and have generated a cumulative total of 505.7 million for the three years ended December 31, 2022. Our cash at December 31, 2022 totaled 225.5 million, with no debt on our balance sheet. We currently have no credit facilities. During the past three years, our primary uses of cash have been for funding investments in R D in our Unified Omnichannel Commerce and Digital Supply Chain solutions to drive revenue and earnings growth. In addition, we repurchased approximately 175.4 million of Manhattan Associates outstanding common stock under the share repurchase program approved by our Board of Directors. In January 2023, our Board of Directors approved raising the Company s remaining share repurchase authority to an aggregate of 75.0 million of our common stock. 
 In 2023, our priorities for use of cash will continue to be investments in our Unified Omnichannel Commerce and Digital Supply Chain solutions. We also will prioritize capital allocation in our global teams to fund growth, and accretive share repurchases. We do not anticipate any borrowing requirements in 2023 for general corporate purposes. 
 
 Full Year 2022 Financial Summary 
 Diluted earnings per share: 2.03 for 2022 compared to 1.72 for 2021; 

Consolidated revenue: 767.1 million for 2022 compared to 663.6 million for 2021; 

Cloud subscription revenue: 176.5 million for 2022 compared to 122.2 million for 2021; 

License revenue: 24.8 million for 2022 compared to 37.1 million for 2021; 

Operating income: 152.7 million for 2022 compared to 134.3 million for 2021; 

Operating margins: 19.9 for 2022 compared to operating margins of 20.2 for 2021; 

Cash flow from operations: 179.6 million for 2022 compared to 185.2 million for 2021; 

Cash paid for income taxes: 58.0 million for 2022 compared to 29.2 million for 2021; 

Cash and investments: 225.5 million at December 31, 2022 compared to 263.7 million at December 31, 2021; and 

Share repurchases: In 2022, we repurchased 1,352,954 shares of Manhattan Associates outstanding common stock for approximately 175.4 million under the share repurchase program approved by our Board of Directors. In January 2023, our Board of Directors approved raising the Company s remaining share repurchase authority to an aggregate of 75.0 million of our common stock. 

Results of Operations 
 In the following table, we present a selection of certain Statement of Income data for 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 25 

Year Ended December 31, 

Change vs. Prior Year 

2022 

2021 

2020 

2022 
 
 2021 

(in thousands) 

Revenue: 

Cloud subscriptions 

176,458 

122,195 

79,830 

44 
 
 53 

Software license 

24,848 

37,070 

38,284 

-33 
 
 -3 

Maintenance 

142,198 

145,841 

147,748 

-2 
 
 -1 

Services 

394,096 

334,799 

303,569 

18 
 
 10 

Hardware 

29,484 

23,738 

16,941 

24 
 
 40 

Total revenue 

767,084 

663,643 

586,372 

16 
 
 13 

Costs and expenses: 

Cost of software license 

2,126 

2,309 

2,894 

-8 
 
 -20 

Cost of cloud subscriptions, maintenance and services 

356,111 

295,518 

266,993 

21 
 
 11 

Research and development 

111,877 

97,628 

84,276 

15 
 
 16 

Sales and marketing 

64,537 

57,855 

47,758 

12 
 
 21 

General and administrative 

73,070 

68,086 

61,444 

7 
 
 11 

Depreciation and amortization 

6,663 

7,914 

8,946 

-16 
 
 -12 

Total costs and expenses 

614,384 

529,310 

472,311 

16 
 
 12 

Income from operations 

152,700 

134,333 

114,061 

14 
 
 18 

Operating margin 

19.9 

20.2 

19.5 

26 

We have three geographic reportable segments: the Americas, EMEA, and APAC. Geographic revenue information is based on the location of sale. The revenues represented below are from external customers only. The geography-based expenses include costs of personnel, direct sales, marketing expenses, and general and administrative costs to support the business. There are certain corporate expenses included in the Americas segment that we do not charge to the other segments including research and development, certain marketing and general and administrative costs that support the global organization, and the amortization of acquired developed technology. Included in the Americas costs are all research and development costs, including the costs associated with our operations in India. During 2022, 2021, or 2020, we derived the majority of our revenues from sales to customers within our Americas segment. In the following table, we present a summary of revenue and operating profit by segment: 

Year Ended December 31, 

Change vs. Prior Year 

2022 

2021 

2020 

2022 
 
 2021 

Revenue: 
 
 (in thousands) 

Cloud subscriptions 

Americas 

148,943 

103,863 

69,469 

43 
 
 50 

EMEA 

22,988 

15,380 

8,465 

49 
 
 82 

APAC 

4,527 

2,952 

1,896 

53 
 
 56 

Total cloud subscriptions 

176,458 

122,195 

79,830 

44 
 
 53 

Software license 

Americas 

16,364 

29,300 

30,509 

-44 
 
 -4 

EMEA 

6,380 

5,729 

4,308 

11 
 
 33 

APAC 

2,104 

2,041 

3,467 

3 
 
 -41 

Total software license 

24,848 

37,070 

38,284 

-33 
 
 -3 

Maintenance 

Americas 

113,258 

113,169 

116,309 

0 
 
 -3 

EMEA 

19,784 

23,091 

22,208 

-14 
 
 4 

APAC 

9,156 

9,581 

9,231 

-4 
 
 4 

Total maintenance 

142,198 

145,841 

147,748 

-2 
 
 -1 

Services 

Americas 

295,998 

256,392 

232,954 

15 
 
 10 

EMEA 

79,628 

66,131 

58,360 

20 
 
 13 

APAC 

18,470 

12,276 

12,255 

50 
 
 0 

Total services 

394,096 

334,799 

303,569 

18 
 
 10 

Hardware 

Americas 

29,321 

23,491 

16,698 

25 
 
 41 

EMEA 

158 

243 

241 

-35 
 
 1 

APAC 

5 

4 

2 

25 
 
 100 

Total hardware 

29,484 

23,738 

16,941 

24 
 
 40 

Total Revenue 

Americas 

603,884 

526,215 

465,939 

15 
 
 13 

EMEA 

128,938 

110,574 

93,582 

17 
 
 18 

APAC 

34,262 

26,854 

26,851 

28 
 
 0 

Total revenue 

767,084 

663,643 

586,372 

16 
 
 13 

Operating income: 

Americas 

99,289 

91,179 

81,109 

9 
 
 12 

EMEA 

40,030 

34,747 

24,637 

15 
 
 41 

APAC 

13,381 

8,407 

8,315 

59 
 
 1 

Total operating income 

152,700 

134,333 

114,061 

14 
 
 18 

The consolidated results of our operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 are discussed below. 
 27 

Revenue 
 Our revenue consists of fees generated from cloud subscriptions, software licensing, maintenance, professional services, and hardware sales. 

Year Ended December 31, 

Change vs. Prior Year 

of Total Revenue 

2022 

2021 

2020 

2022 

2021 

2022 

2021 

2020 

(in thousands) 

Cloud subscriptions 

176,458 

122,195 

79,830 

44 

53 

23 

18 

14 

Software license 

24,848 

37,070 

38,284 

-33 

-3 

3 

6 

6 

Maintenance 

142,198 

145,841 

147,748 

-2 

-1 

19 

22 

25 

Services 

394,096 

334,799 

303,569 

18 

10 

51 

50 

52 

Hardware 

29,484 

23,738 

16,941 

24 

40 

4 

4 

3 

Total revenue 

767,084 

663,643 

586,372 

16 

13 

100 

100 

100 

Cloud Subscriptions Revenue 
 Year 2022 compared with year 2021 
 Cloud subscriptions revenue increased 54.3 million to 176.5 million in 2022 compared to 2021 on customers demand for our SaaS offerings . Our customers increasingly prefer cloud solutions, including existing customers that are migrating from on-premise to cloud offerings. Cloud subscriptions revenue for the Americas, EMEA and APAC segments increased 45.1 million, 7.6 million and 1.6 million, respectively. 
 Year 2021 compared with year 2020 
 Cloud subscriptions revenue increased 42.4 million to 122.2 million in 2021 compared to 2020 as customers continue to purchase our SaaS offerings rather than a traditional perpetual license. Our customers increasingly prefer cloud solutions, including existing customers that are migrating from on-premise to cloud offerings. Cloud subscriptions revenue for the Americas, EMEA and APAC segments increased 34.4 million, 6.9 million and 1.1 million, respectively. 
 Software License Revenue 
 Year 2022 compared with year 2021 
 Software license revenue decreased 12.3 million to 24.8 million in 2022 compared to 2021 as customers continue to purchase our SaaS offerings rather than a traditional perpetual license. License revenue for the Americas decreased 13.0 million, while license revenue for the EMEA and APAC segments increased 0.6 million and 0.1 million, respectively, in 2022 over 2021. The majority of our software license revenue relates to our warehouse management product group (over 85 for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Year 2021 compared with year 2020 
 Software license revenue decreased 1.2 million to 37.1 million in 2021 compared to 2020. License revenue for the Americas and APAC segments decreased 1.2 million and 1.4 million, respectively, and license revenue for the EMEA segment increased 1.4 million, in 2021 over 2020 . The majority of our software license revenue relates to our warehouse management product group (approximately 85 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Maintenance Revenue 
 Year 2022 compared with year 2021 
 Maintenance revenue decreased 3.6 million in 2022 compared to 2021 as customers have continued to convert their maintenance contracts to cloud subscriptions. The EMEA and APAC segments decreased 3.3 million and 0.4 million respectively, compared to 2021, while the Americas segment increased 0.1 million. 
 28 

Year 2021 compared with year 2020 
 Maintenance revenue decreased 1.9 million in 2021 compared to 2020. Maintenance revenue for the Americas segments decreased 3.1 million, while EMEA and APAC segments increased 0.9 million and 0.3 million compared to 2020, respectively. 
 Services Revenue 
 Year 2022 compared with year 2021 
 Services revenue increased 59.3 million in 2022 compared to 2021. Service revenue for the Americas, EMEA and APAC segments increased 39.6 million, 13.5 million and 6.2 million, respectively, compared to 2021. Services revenue was driven by adoption and implementation of our cloud solutions. 
 Year 2021 compared with year 2020 
 Services revenue increased 31.2 million in 2021 compared to 2020. The Americas and EMEA segments increased 23.4 million and 7.8 million, respectively, while the APAC segment remained flat, compared to 2020. Services revenue was driven by adoption and implementation of our cloud solutions. 
 Hardware Revenue 
 Hardware revenue, net increased 5.8 million in 2022 compared to 2021. Hardware revenue, net increased 6.8 million in 2021 compared to 2020. The majority of hardware sales are derived from our Americas segment. Sales of hardware are largely dependent upon customer-specific desires, which fluctuate. 
 Cost of Revenue 

Year Ended December 31, 

Change vs. Prior Year 

2022 

2021 

2020 

2022 
 
 2021 

(in thousands) 

Cost of software license 

2,126 

2,309 

2,894 

-8 
 
 -20 

Cost of cloud subscriptions, maintenance and services 

356,111 

295,518 

266,993 

21 
 
 11 

Total cost of revenue 

358,237 

297,827 

269,887 

20 
 
 10 

Cost of Software License 
 Cost of software license consists of the costs associated with software reproduction; media, packaging and delivery; documentation, and other related costs; and royalties on third-party software sold with or as part of our products. In 2022, cost of license decreased by 0.2 million, compared to 2021. In 2021, cost of software license decreased by 0.6 million compared to 2020. 
 Cost of Cloud Subscriptions, Maintenance and Services 
 Year 2022 compared with year 2021 
 Cost of cloud subscriptions, maintenance and services consists primarily of salaries and other personnel-related expenses of employees dedicated to cloud subscriptions; maintenance services; and professional and technical services as well as hosting fees. The 60.6 million increase in 2022 compared to 2021 was principally due to a 43.7 million increase in compensation and other personnel-related expenses, a 6.2 million increase in travel expense, a 5.1 million increase in performance-based compensation expense, a 3.7 million increase in computer infrastructure cost and a 0.8 million increase in professional expense. 
 
 Year 2021 compared with year 2020 
 The 28.5 million increase in 2021 compared to 2020 was principally due to a 17.0 million increase in compensation and other personnel-related expenses, and a 15.1 million increase in performance-based compensation expense, offset by a 2.0 million decrease in computer infrastructure costs and a 1.8 million decrease in travel expense. 
 29 

Operating Expenses 

Year Ended December 31, 

Change vs. Prior Year 

2022 

2021 

2020 

2022 
 
 2021 

(in thousands) 

Research and development 

111,877 

97,628 

84,276 

15 
 
 16 

Sales and marketing 

64,537 

57,855 

47,758 

12 
 
 21 

General and administrative 

73,070 

68,086 

61,444 

7 
 
 11 

Depreciation and amortization 

6,663 

7,914 

8,946 

-16 
 
 -12 

Operating expenses 

256,147 

231,483 

202,424 

11 
 
 14 

Research and Development 
 Our principal research and development (R D) activities during 2022, 2021 and 2020 focused on the expansion and integration of new products and releases, including cloud solutions, while expanding the product footprint of our Unified Omnichannel Commerce and Digital Supply Chain solutions, including Inventory Optimization and point-of-sale. 
 For 2022, 2021 and 2020, we did not capitalize any R D costs because the costs incurred following the attainment of technological feasibility for the related software product through the date of general release were insignificant. 
 Year 2022 compared with year 2021 
 R D expenses primarily consist of salaries and other personnel-related costs for personnel involved in our research and development activities. Research and development expenses in 2022 increased by 14.3 million compared to 2021. This increase is principally due to a 12.1 million increase in compensation and other personnel-related expenses, and a 1.1 million increase in performance-based compensation expense. 
 Year 2021 compared with year 2020 
 Research and development expenses in 2021 increased by 13.4 million compared to 2020. This increase is principally due to a 7.8 million increase in compensation and other personnel-related expenses, and a 4.4 million increase in performance-based compensation expense. 
 Sales and Marketing 
 Year 2022 compared with year 2021 
 Sales and marketing expenses include salaries, commissions, travel and other personnel-related costs and the costs of our marketing and alliance programs and related activities. Sales and marketing expenses increased by 6.7 million in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily due to a 2.7 million increase in performance-based compensation expense, a 2.1 million increase in compensation and other personnel-related expenses, a 1.1 million in travel expense, and a 0.8 million increase in marketing and campaign programs. 
 Year 2021 compared with year 2020 
 Sales and marketing expenses increased 10.1 million in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily due to a 6.2 million increase in performance-based compensation expense, a 2.5 million increase in compensation and other personnel-related expenses, and a 1.6 million increase in marketing and campaign programs. 
 General and Administrative 
 Year 2022 compared with year 2021 
 General and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries and other personnel-related costs of executive, financial, human resources, information technology, and administrative personnel, as well as facilities, legal, insurance, accounting, and other administrative expenses. General and administrative expenses increased 5.0 million in 2022 primarily due to a 4.1 million increase in compensation and other personnel-related expenses, and a 0.6 million increase in travel expenses. 
 30 

Year 2021 compared with year 2020 
 General and administrative expenses increased 6.6 million in 2021 primarily due to a 4.0 million increase in compensation and other personnel-related expenses, and a 2.5 million increase in performance-based compensation expenses. 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 Depreciation and amortization of intangibles and software expense amounted to 6.7 million, 7.9 million, and 8.9 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Amortization of intangibles was immaterial in 2022, 2021 and 2020. We have recorded goodwill and other acquisition-related intangible assets as part of the purchase accounting associated with various acquisitions. 
 Operating Income 
 Operating income in 2022 increased 18.4 million to 152.7 million, compared to 134.3 million for 2021. Operating margins were 19.9 for 2022 versus 20.2 for 2021. Operating income increased primarily due to increased cloud subscriptions and services revenues. In 2022, operating income increased by 8.1 million, 5.3 million, and 5.0 million in the Americas, EMEA and APAC segment, respectively. Our operating margin decreased slightly due to our commitment to strategically invest in the business as a cloud first company focused on delivering long term sustainable growth and earnings leverage. We are investing significantly in R D to deliver new innovation as well as cloud operations headcount, infrastructure, and technology to support our ability to scale our cloud business to achieve our growth objectives. 
 Operating income in 2021 increased 20.2 million to 134.3 million, compared to 114.1 million for 2020. Operating margins were 20.2 for 2021 versus 19.5 for 2020. Operating income and operating margin increased primarily due to increased cloud subscriptions and services revenues. In 2021, operating income increased in both of the Americas and EMEA segments by 10.1 million while the APAC segment remained relatively flat. 
 Other Income and Income Taxes 

Year Ended December 31, 

Change vs. Prior Year 

2022 

2021 

2020 

2022 
 
 2021 

Other (loss) income, net 

5,421 

(261) 

(285) 
 
 -2177 
 
 -8 

Income tax provision 

29,162 

23,600 

26,536 

24 
 
 -11 

Other (Loss) Income, net 
 Other (loss) income, net primarily includes interest income, foreign currency gains and losses, and other non-operating expenses. Interest income was 0.6 million, 0.1 million and 0.1 million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The weighted-average interest rate earned on cash and investments was immaterial for 2022, 2021 and 2020. We recorded net foreign currency gains of 4.7 million in 2022, compared to net foreign loss of 0.2 million and 0.4 million in 2021 and 2020, respectively. The foreign currency gains and losses mainly resulted from gains or losses on intercompany transactions denominated in foreign currencies with subsidiaries due to the fluctuation of the U.S. dollar relative to other foreign currencies, primarily the British Pound Sterling and Indian Rupee. 
 Income Tax Provision 
 Our effective income tax rates were 18.4 , 17.6 , and 23.3 in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Our effective income tax rate takes into account the source of taxable income, domestically by state and internationally by country, and available income tax credits. 
 The effective tax rate in 2022 increased from 2021 mainly due to an increase of expense from an unfavorable tax law change limiting creditability of foreign tax offset by a decrease in expense for tax contingencies. 
 The effective income tax rate in 2021 decreased from 2020 mainly due to an increase of excess tax benefits on restricted stock vesting, a decrease in expense for tax contingencies, and an increase in foreign jurisdiction business incentives. These benefits were partially offset by a net increase in non-deductible equity-based compensation. 
 The income tax provision for 2022, 2021 and 2020 included excess tax benefits of 7.6 million, 6.6 million, and 3.8 million on vesting of restricted stock. 
 31 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 During 2022, 2021 and 2020, we funded our business through cash generated from operations. Our cash and cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 included 172.5 million held in the U.S. and 53.0 million held by our foreign subsidiaries. We believe that our cash balances in the U.S. are sufficient to fund our U.S. operations. In the future, if we elect to repatriate the unremitted earnings of our foreign subsidiaries, we would no longer be subject to additional U.S. income taxes on such earnings due to the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act in December 2017, but we could be subject to additional local withholding taxes. 
 Cash flow from operating activities totaled 179.6 million, 185.2 million, and 140.9 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Typical factors affecting our cash provided by operating activities include our level of revenue and earnings for the period, the timing and amount of employee bonus and income tax payments, and the timing of cash collections from our customers which is our primary source of operating cash flow. Cash flow from operating activities for 2022 decreased 5.6 million compared to 2021, which is mainly due to an increase in income tax payments from the 2017 U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act elimination of the expensing of research and development costs as incurred for tax purposes beginning in 2022. Cash flow from operating activities for 2021 increased 44.3 million compared to 2020, which is mainly due to earnings growth in 2021, and the timing of cash collections, partially offset by an increase in income tax payments. Days sales outstanding was 77, 67 and 68 at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, reflecting solid cash collections. 
 Investing activities used cash of approximately 6.6 million, 4.0 million, and 2.7 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Our investing activities for 2022, 2021 and 2020 consisted of capital spending to support company growth and short-term investing. For 2022, 2021 and 2020, capital expenditure was 6.6 million, 4.0 million, and 2.7 million, respectively. 
 Financing activities used cash of approximately 204.5 million, 120.4 million, and 43.6 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The principal use of cash for financing activities in 2022, 2021 and 2020 was to purchase our common stock, including shares withheld for taxes due upon vesting of restricted stock. Repurchases of our common stock for 2022, 2021 and 2020 totaled 204.5 million, 120.4 million, and 43.6 million, respectively, including shares withheld for taxes of 29.1 million, 20.4 million, and 18.6 million, respectively. In January 2023, our Board of Directors approved raising the Company s remaining share repurchase authority to an aggregate of 75.0 million of our outstanding common stock. 
 Periodically, opportunities may arise to grow our business through the acquisition of complementary products and technologies. Any material acquisition could result in a decrease to our working capital depending on the amount, timing, and nature of the consideration to be paid. We believe that our existing cash will be sufficient to meet our working capital and capital expenditure needs at least for the next twelve months, although there can be no assurance that this will be the case. In 2023, we anticipate that our priorities for use of cash will be similar to prior years, with our first priority being continued investment in product development and in our business to extend our market leadership. We will evaluate acquisition opportunities that are complementary to our product footprint and technology direction. We will also continue to weigh our share repurchase options against cash for acquisitions and investing in the business. At this time, we do not anticipate any borrowing requirements in 2023 for general corporate purposes. 
 Aggregate Contractual Obligations 
 Our principal commitments as of December 31, 2022 consist of multiple non-cancellable contracts for cloud infrastructure services and obligations under operating leases. As of December 31, 2022, our cloud infrastructure obligations are approximately 116.6 million over the next 4 years. We also enter into non-cancellable subscriptions in the ordinary course of business for internal software to support our operations. Our obligations, as of December 31, 2022, are approximately 24.2 million over the next 5 years. We expect to fulfill all of these commitments from our working capital. 
 Lease Commitments 
 We lease our facilities and some of our equipment under noncancelable operating lease arrangements that expire at various dates through 2029. Rent expense for these leases aggregated 7.7 million, 7.9 million, and 7.9 million during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 In the following table, we present a summary of our contractual commitments as of December 31, 2022 (in thousands): 

Total 
 
 2023 
 
 2024 
 
 2025 
 
 2026 
 
 2027 
 
 Thereafter 

Operating Lease Obligations 
 
 25,516 
 
 7,109 
 
 6,130 
 
 5,344 
 
 2,491 
 
 2,351 
 
 2,091 

32 

Indemnities 
 Our customer contracts generally contain infringement indemnity provisions. Under those provisions, we generally agree, subject to certain exceptions, to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the customer in connection with third party claims against the customer alleging that the customer s use of our software services and products infringe third party intellectual property rights. Conditions to our obligations generally include that we are provided the right to control the defense of the claims and, in general, to control settlement negotiations. Those provisions generally provide also that, if the customer is prevented from using our services or products because of a third party infringement claim, our sole obligation (in addition to the indemnification, defense, and hold harmless obligation referred to above) is to, at our expense, (i) procure for the customer the right to continue to use the services or products, (ii) replace or modify the services or products so that the customer s use does not infringe, or, if neither of those options is reasonably feasible, terminate that particular services or products and provide, as applicable, a refund of services fees paid for services not received or a refund of the unamortized portion of the license fees paid for the products (based on a five year amortization period). Our customer contracts sometimes also require us to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the customer in connection with death, personal injury or property damage claims made by third parties with respect to actions of our personnel or contractors. The indemnity obligations contained in our customer contracts generally have no specified expiration date and no specified monetary limitation on liability, but they do not cover indirect or consequential damages, such as our customers lost revenues or profits. We have not previously incurred costs to settle claims or pay awards under these indemnification obligations. We account for these indemnity obligations in accordance with the FASB guidance on accounting for contingencies and record a liability for these obligations when a loss is probable and reasonably estimable. We have not recorded any liabilities for these indemnification obligations as of December 31, 2022. 
 Warranties 
 In general, in our customer contracts for purchase of our cloud SaaS services or license of our on-premises software products, we warrant that our services or software will perform in accordance with our published services or product specifications. Additionally, we may include other warranties such as no-malware warranties and warranties that we will perform our SaaS services consistent with generally accepted industry standards or similar standards. In our SaaS services agreements, we also include service level agreements (SLAs) under which we agree to provide service credits to our customers if our services availability drops below certain defined levels. If necessary, we would reserve for the estimated cost of product and service warranties based on specific warranty claims and claims history. However, we have not incurred significant recurring expense under our services or product warranties. As a result, we believe the estimated fair value of our warranty obligations is nominal and we have no liabilities recorded for them as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Application of Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 The SEC defines critical accounting policies as those that require application of management s most difficult, subjective, or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain and may change in subsequent periods. 
 Our Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions in certain circumstances that affect amounts reported in the accompanying consolidated financial statements and related footnotes. We believe that the estimates, judgments, and assumptions upon which we rely are reasonable based on information available to us at the time that these estimates, judgments, and assumptions are made. To the extent there are material differences between those estimates, judgments, or assumptions and actual results, our financial statements will be affected. The accounting policies that reflect our more significant estimates, judgments, and assumptions are: Revenue Recognition and Accounting for Income Taxes. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 We recognize revenue when we transfer control of the promised products or services to our customers, in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to be entitled to in exchange for those products or services. We derive our revenue from cloud subscriptions, software licenses, customer support services and software enhancements maintenance ), implementation and training services, and sales of hardware. We exclude sales and usage-based taxes from revenue. 
 Nature of Products and Services 
 Cloud subscriptions includes software as a service and arrangements which provide customers with the right to use our software within a cloud environment that we provide and manage where the customer does not have the right to take possession of the software 
 33 

without significant penalty. SaaS and hosting revenues are recognized over the contract period. For contracts that include a perpetual license and hosting services, we generally consider the arrangement as an overall service, recognized over the initial hosting term. The software license fee typically due at the outset of the arrangement is not payable again if the customer renews the hosting services, so that the customer s option to renew the hosting services is a material right, the revenue from which, if the option is exercised, we will recognize over the applicable renewal period. 
 Our perpetual software licenses provide the customer with a right to use the software as it exists at the time of purchase. We recognize revenue for distinct software licenses once the license period has begun and we have made the software available to the customer. Our perpetual software licenses are typically sold with maintenance under which we provide a comprehensive 24 hours per day, 365 days per year program that provides customers with software upgrades, when and if available, which include additional or improved functionality and technological advances incorporating emerging supply chain and industry initiatives. Revenue related to maintenance is generally paid in advance and recognized over the term of the agreement, typically twelve months. 
 Our services revenue consists of fees generated from implementation, training and application managed services, including reimbursements of out-of-pocket expenses in connection with our implementation services. Implementation services include system planning, design, configuration, testing, and other software implementation support, and are typically optional and distinct from our software. Following implementation, customers may purchase application managed services to support and maintain our software. Fees for our services are separately priced and are generally billed on an hourly basis, and revenue is recognized over time as the services are performed. In certain situations, we render professional services under agreements based upon a fixed fee for portions of or all of the engagement. Revenue related to fixed-fee-based services contracts is recognized over time based on the proportion performed. 
 Significant Judgements 
 Our customer contracts include the sale of multiple SaaS services or licensed products. Judgement is required to determine whether each service or product sold is a distinct performance obligation that should be accounted for separately. We allocate the transaction price to the distinct performance obligations based on relative standalone selling price SSP ). We estimate SSP based on the prices we charge our customers or by using other information such as market conditions and other observable inputs. However, the selling price of our software licenses is highly variable. Thus, we estimate SSP for software licenses using the residual approach, determined based on total transaction price less the SSP of other goods and services promised in the contract. 
 Contract Balances 
 Timing of invoicing to customers may differ from timing of revenue recognition. Payment terms for our software licenses vary. We have an established history of collecting under the terms of our software license contracts without providing refunds or concessions to our customers. Cloud subscriptions and maintenance are typically billed annually in advance. We typically bill our professional services monthly as performed. In instances where the timing of revenue recognition differs from the timing of invoicing, we have determined that our contracts generally do not include a significant financing component. The primary purpose of our invoicing terms is to provide customers with predictable ways to purchase our software and services, not to provide or receive financing. Additionally, we are applying the practical expedient to exclude from consideration any contracts with payment terms of one year or less as we rarely offer terms extending beyond one year. 
 Deferred revenue mainly represents amounts collected prior to having completed performance of maintenance, cloud subscriptions and professional services. 
 Accounting for Income Taxes 
 We provide for the effect of income taxes on our financial position and results of operations in accordance with the Income Taxes Topic of the ASC. Under this accounting pronouncement, income tax expense is recognized for the amount of income taxes payable or refundable for the current year and for the change in net deferred tax assets or liabilities resulting from events that are recorded for financial reporting purposes in a different reporting period than recorded in the tax return. Management must make significant assumptions, judgments, and estimates to determine our current provision for income taxes and also our deferred tax assets and liabilities and any valuation allowance to be recorded against our net deferred tax asset. 
 Our judgments, assumptions, and estimates relative to the current provision for income tax take into account current tax laws, our interpretation of current tax laws, allowable deductions, projected tax credits, and possible outcomes of current and future audits conducted by foreign and domestic tax authorities. We do not recognize a tax benefit unless we conclude that it is more likely than not that the benefit will be sustained on audit by the taxing authority based solely on the technical merits of the associated tax position. If the recognition threshold is met, we recognize a tax benefit measured at the largest amount of the tax benefit that, in our judgment, is greater than 50 percent likely to be realized. Changes in tax law or our interpretation of tax laws and the resolution of current and 
 34 

future tax audits could significantly impact the amounts provided for income taxes in our statement of financial position and our statements of income. Our assumptions, judgments, and estimates relative to the value of our net deferred tax asset take into account predictions of the amount and category of future taxable income. Actual operating results and the underlying amount and category of income in future years could render our current assumptions, judgments, and estimates of recoverable net deferred taxes inaccurate, thus materially impacting our financial position and results of operations. 
 
 It em 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Foreign Business 
 Our international business is subject to risks typical of an international business, including, but not limited to differing economic conditions, changes in political climate, differing tax structures, other regulations and restrictions, and foreign exchange rate volatility. Our international operations currently include business activity out of offices in the Australia, Chile, China, France, Germany, India, Italy, Japan, the Netherlands, Singapore, Spain, and the United Kingdom. When the U.S. dollar strengthens against a foreign currency, the value of our sales and expenses in that currency converted to U.S. dollars decreases. When the U.S. dollar weakens, the value of our sales and expenses in that currency converted to U.S. dollars increases. We recognized foreign exchange gains of 4.7 million in 2022, compared to foreign exchange losses of 0.2 million, and 0.4 million in 2021 and 2020, respectively. Foreign exchange rate transaction gains and losses are classified in Other (loss) income, net in our Consolidated Statements of Income. A fluctuation of 10 in the period end exchange rates at December 31, 2022 relative to the U.S. dollar would have resulted in a change of approximately 4.6 million in the reported foreign currency loss. A fluctuation of 10 in the period end exchange rates at December 31, 2021 relative to the U.S. dollar would have resulted in a change of approximately 4.4 million in the reported foreign currency loss. 
 Interest Rates 
 We currently invest our cash and cash equivalents in a variety of financial instruments, including taxable floating rate obligations in money market funds and certificate of deposits with original maturities of less than three months when purchased. These investments are mainly denominated in U.S. dollars. Cash balances in foreign currencies overseas, except for India, are derived from business operations. Our operations in India are funded by the U.S. operations. At December 31, 2022, our cash and cash equivalents balances totaled 225.5 million, of which all is highly liquid. 
 Investments in both fixed rate and floating rate interest-earning instruments carry interest rate risks. Fixed rate securities may have their fair market value adversely impacted due to a rise in interest rates, while floating rate securities may produce less income than expected if interest rates fall. Due in part to these factors, our future investment income may fall short of expectations due to changes in interest rates, or we may suffer losses in principal if forced to sell securities that have seen a decline in market value due to changes in interest rates. The weighted-average interest rate of return on cash equivalents and short-term investments was immaterial for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The fair value of cash equivalents held at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 106.6 million and 13.8 million, respectively. Based on the average cash equivalents and short-term investments outstanding during 2022 and 2021, increases or decreases in the rates of return of 25 basis points would result in increases or decreases to interest income of approximately 0.6 million from the reported interest income for both 2022 and 2021. 

35 

It em 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 Financial Statements 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 37 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 38 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 39 

Consolidated Statements of Income 
 
 41 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 
 42 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 
 43 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 44 

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity 
 
 45 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 46 

36 

MANAGE MENT S ANNUAL REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 Management of Manhattan Associates, Inc. is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. The Company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of the Company s principal executive and principal financial officers to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the Company s financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 The Company s internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect transactions and dispositions of assets; provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and the directors of the Company; and provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 As of the end of the Company s 2022 fiscal year, management conducted an assessment of the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on the framework established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 Framework) (COSO). Based on this assessment, management has determined that the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 was effective. 
 Ernst Young LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm that audited the Company s financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022, has audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 and has issued a report regarding the Company s internal control over financial reporting appearing on page 38 , which expresses an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 

/s/ Eddie Capel 

Eddie Capel 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

February 6, 2023 

/s/ Dennis B. Story 

Dennis B. Story 

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer 

February 6, 2023 

37 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM OF INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Manhattan Associates, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Manhattan Associates, Inc. and subsidiaries internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 Framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Manhattan Associates, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, shareholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a) and our report dated February 6, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/ Ernst Young LLP 

Atlanta, Georgia 
 February 6, 2023 
 38 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGIST ERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 ON THE CONSOLI DATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Manhattan Associates, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Manhattan Associates, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, shareholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a) (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), and our report dated February 6, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgements. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter on the account or disclosure to which is relates. 

Revenue Recognition 

Description of the Matter 
 As described in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company recognizes revenue upon transfer of control of promised products and services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to be entitled to in exchange for those products or services. The Company enters into contracts with its customers that may include promises to transfer SaaS offerings, software licenses, software maintenance and professional services. Significant judgment may be required by the Company in determining the amount of revenue recognition for these customer contracts which include multiple performance obligations, including the determination of standalone selling prices for each distinct performance obligation, particularly for products and services that are not sold separately. Given these factors, the related audit effort in evaluating management s judgments in determining revenue recognition for these customer agreements was extensive and required a high degree of auditor judgment. 

39 

How We Addressed the Matter 
 We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company's process to identify the performance obligations in a customer arrangement, determine the standalone selling price and allocate the transaction price to those performance obligations. Our audit procedures included, among others, reading executed contracts for a sample of sales transactions to assess management s evaluation of significant terms, including the determination of distinct performance obligations, and tested the amounts recognized as revenue or recorded in deferred revenue. To test management s determination of relative standalone selling price for performance obligations, we performed audit procedures that included, among others, assessing the appropriateness of the methodology applied, testing mathematical accuracy of the underlying data and calculations, and testing transactions to corroborate the data underlying the Company s calculations. We also assessed the appropriateness of the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. 

/s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2002. 
 
 Atlanta, Georgia 
 February 6, 2023 
 
 40 

MANHATTAN ASSOCIATES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Cons olidated Statements of Income 
 (in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Revenue: 

Cloud subscriptions 

Software license 

Maintenance 

Services 

Hardware 

Total revenue 

Costs and expenses: 

Cost of software license 

Cost of cloud subscriptions, maintenance and services 

Research and development 

Sales and marketing 

General and administrative 

Depreciation and amortization 

Total costs and expenses 

Operating income 

Interest income 

Other loss, net 

() 

() 

Income before income taxes 

Income tax provision 

Net income 

Basic earnings per share 

Diluted earnings per share 

Weighted average number of shares: 

Basic 

Diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 41 

MANHATTAN ASSOCIATES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements o f Comprehensive Income 
 (in thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Net income 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

() 

() 

() 

Comprehensive income 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. 
 42 

MANHATTAN ASSOCIATES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consol idated Balance Sheets 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

ASSETS 

Current Assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net of allowance of and , at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Income taxes receivable 

Prepaid expenses 

Other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Goodwill, net 

Deferred income taxes 

Other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued compensation and benefits 

Accrued and other liabilities 

Deferred revenue 

Income taxes payable 

Total current liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities, long-term 

Other non-current liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 5) 

Shareholders' equity: 

Preferred stock, no par value; shares authorized, shares issued or outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

- 

- 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Retained earnings 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Total shareholders' equity 

Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 43 

MANHATTAN ASSOCIATES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consol idated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (in thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Operating activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Equity-based compensation 

Loss (gain) on disposal of equipment 

() 

Deferred income taxes 

() 

() 

Unrealized foreign currency (gain) loss 

() 

() 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable, net 

() 

() 

() 

Other assets 

() 

() 

() 

Accounts payable, accrued and other liabilities 

() 

Income taxes 

() 

Deferred revenue 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Investing activities: 

Purchases of property and equipment 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

() 

() 

Financing activities: 

Purchase of common stock 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash used in financing activities 

() 

() 

() 

Foreign currency impact on cash 

() 

() 

() 

Net change in cash and cash equivalents 

() 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for taxes 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 
 44 

MANHATTAN ASSOCIATES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements o f Shareholders Equity 
 (in thousands, except share data) 

Accumulated 

Additional 

Other 

Total 

Common Stock 

Paid-In 

Retained 

Comprehensive 

Shareholders' 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Earnings 

Income (Loss) 

Equity 

Balance, December 31, 2019 

- 

() 

Repurchase of common stock 

() 

() 

() 

() 

- 

() 

Restricted stock units issuance 

() 

- 

- 

- 

Equity-based compensation 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 

Net income 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Balance, December 31, 2020 

- 

() 

Repurchase of common stock 

() 

() 

() 

() 

- 

() 

Restricted stock units issuance 

() 

- 

- 

- 

Equity-based compensation 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 

Net income 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

- 

() 

Repurchase of common stock 

() 

() 

() 

() 

- 

() 

Restricted stock units issuance 

() 

- 

- 

- 

Equity-based compensation 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 

Net income 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

- 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity. 
 
 45 

MANHATTAN ASSOCIATES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTE S TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

million in 2022, compared to foreign exchange losses of million and million in 2021 and 2020, respectively. Foreign exchange rate transaction gains and losses are classified in Other (loss) income, net on the Consolidated Statements of Income. In addition, we have a large development center in Bangalore, India, that does not have a natural in-market revenue hedge to mitigate currency risk to our operating expenses in India. Fluctuations in the value of other currencies, particularly the Indian Rupee, could significantly affect our revenues, expenses, operating profit and net income. 
 
 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 million, million, and million, respectively. Accounts receivable, net as of December 31, 2021 for the Americas, EMEA, and APAC segments were million, million, and million, respectively. Our top five customers in aggregate accounted for , , and of total revenue recognized for each of the years ended December 31, 2022 2022 ), the year ended December 31, 2021 2021 ), and the year ended December 31, 2020 2020 ), respectively. single customer accounted for more than 10 of revenue in 2022, 2021 and 2020, or more than 10 of accounts receivable as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 . 
 million and million, respectively. We currently have long-term investments. Cash equivalents consist of highly liquid money market funds of million and certificates of deposit of million. For money market funds, we use quoted prices from active markets that are classified as Level 1, the highest level of observable input in the disclosure hierarchy framework. The Company had investments at December 31, 2022. The carrying values of cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, accounts receivable, and accounts payable included in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets approximate their fair values principally due to the short-term maturities of these instruments. 
 
 Deferred revenue mainly represents amounts collected prior to having completed performance of maintenance, cloud subscriptions and professional services. million of revenue that was included in the deferred revenue balance as of December 31, 2021 was recognized in 2022. revenue was recognized in 2022 from performance obligations that were satisfied in prior periods. Remaining Performance Obligations As of December 31, 2022 , approximately million of revenue is expected to be recognized from remaining performance obligations. Over of our reported performance obligations represent cloud native subscriptions with a non-cancelable term greater than one year (including cloud-deferred revenue as well as amounts we will invoice and recognize as revenue from our performance of cloud services in future periods). Maintenance contracts are typically one year in duration and are not included in the remaining performance obligations. of these remaining performance obligations over the next 24 months with the balance recognized thereafter. We have elected not to provide disclosures regarding remaining performance obligations for contracts with a term of 1 year or less. 
 million, million and million, respectively. Our analysis involved utilizing a model of internal historical losses data. In estimating the allowance for doubtful accounts, we consider the age of the accounts receivable, our historical write-offs, and the creditworthiness of the customer, among other factors. Should any of these factors change, the estimates made by us will also change accordingly, which could affect the level of our future allowances. We also analyzed future expected credit losses given ever present changes to future risks in projected economic conditions and future risks of customer collection. Deferred Commissions We consider sales commissions to be incremental costs of obtaining a contract with a customer. We defer and recognize an asset for sales commissions related to performance obligations with an expected period of benefit of more than one year. Deferred commissions were million as of December 31, 2022 , of which million is included in other assets and million is included in prepaid expenses. Deferred commissions were million as of December 31, 2021, of which million is included in other assets and million is included in prepaid expenses. Sales commission expense is included in Sales and Marketing expense in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. Amortization of sales commissions in 2022 , 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million respectively. impairment losses were recognized during 2022 , 2021 and 2020. 
 for office equipment, for furniture and fixtures). Leasehold improvements are depreciated over the Depreciation and amortization expense for 2022, 2021 and 2020 was approximately million, million, and million, respectively, and was included in Depreciation and amortization in the Consolidated Statements of Income. Amortization expense on intangible assets in 2022, 2021 and 2020 was immaterial. 

Furniture and fixtures 

Leasehold improvement 

Property and equipment, gross 

Less accumulated depreciation 

() 

() 

Property and equipment, net 

t recognize any impairment charges associated with our long-lived or intangible assets. The evaluation of asset impairment requires management to make assumptions about future cash flows over the life of the asset being evaluated. These assumptions require significant judgment, and actual results may differ from assumed and estimated amounts. 
 million at the end of both years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Impairment of Goodwill We evaluate the carrying value of goodwill annually as of December 31 and between annual evaluations if events occur or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of the reporting unit below its carrying amount. Such circumstances could include, but are not limited to, (1) a significant adverse change in legal factors or in business climate, (2) unanticipated competition, or (3) an adverse action or assessment by a regulator. We applied the simplified goodwill impairment test for 2022, that permits companies to perform a qualitative assessment based on economic, industry and company-specific factors as the initial step in the annual goodwill impairment test for all or selected reporting units. Based on the results of the qualitative assessment, companies are only required to perform Step 1 of the annual impairment test for a reporting unit if the company concludes that it is not more likely than not that the unit s fair value is less than its carrying amount. To the extent we conclude that it is more likely than not that a reporting unit s estimated fair value is less than its carrying amount, the two-step approach is applied. The first step would require a comparison of each reporting unit s fair value to the respective carrying amount. If the carrying amount exceeds the fair value, a second step is performed to measure the amount of impairment loss, if any. We did not identify any macroeconomic or industry conditions as of December 31, 2022, that would indicate that the fair value of the reporting units were more likely than not to be less than their respective carrying values. If circumstances change or events occur to indicate that it is more likely than not that the fair value of any reporting units have fallen below their carrying amount, we would record an impairment charge based on that difference. We performed our periodic review of goodwill for impairment as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , and did not identify any impairment as a result of the review. 
 amortization period). Our customer contracts sometimes also require us to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the customer in connection with death, personal injury, or property damage claims made by third parties with respect to actions of our personnel or contractors. The indemnity obligations contained in our customer contracts generally have no specified expiration date and no specified monetary limitation on liability. We have not previously incurred costs to settle claims or pay awards under these indemnification obligations. We account for these indemnity obligations in accordance with FASB guidance on accounting for contingencies, and record a liability for these obligations when a loss is probable and reasonably estimable. We have not recorded any liabilities for these contracts as of December 31, 2022, or 2021. In general, in our customer software license contracts, we warrant to our customers that our software products will perform in all material respects in accordance with the standard published specifications in effect at the time of delivery of the licensed products to the customer for six months after first use of the licensed products, but no more than 24 months after execution of the license agreement. We also generally warrant in our Cloud subscription agreements that we will perform the Cloud services in all material respects as defined in the agreement during the service period. Additionally, we warrant to our customers that services will be performed consistent with generally accepted industry standards or specific service levels through completion of the agreed upon services. If necessary, we will provide for the estimated cost of product and service warranties based on specific warranty claims history. However, we have not incurred significant recurring expenses under product or service warranties. As a result, we believe the estimated fair value of these agreements is nominal. Accordingly, we have no liabilities recorded for these agreements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 . 
 reportable segments as defined by the FASB Codification topic for segment reporting: Americas, EMEA, and APAC. See Note 8 for discussion of our reportable segments. 

Earnings per share: 

Basic 

Effect of CESs 

() 

() 

() 

Diluted 

Weighted average number of shares: 

Basic 

Effect of CESs 

Diluted 

The number of anti-dilutive CESs in 2022, 2021 and 2020 was immaterial. See Note 2 for further information on those securities. 

million in 2022, million in 2021, and million in 2020. 
 We immediately retire shares repurchased pursuant to any share repurchase program. We allocate the share purchase price in excess of par value between additional paid-in capital and retained earnings. 

shares are available for grant under the amended 2020 Plan. Each stock option, stock appreciation right, restricted stock, or restricted stock unit granted is counted against the maximum share limitation as share. Options and stock appreciation rights cannot have a term exceeding . As of December 31, 2022 , there were shares available for issuance under the 2020 Plan. The 2020 Plan is administered by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. The committee has the authority to interpret the provisions thereof. The restricted stock awards contain vesting provisions that are service based and performance based for employee awards and service based for non-employee members of the Board of Directors Outside Directors ). The employee awards have a vesting period, with the performance portion tied to annual revenue and operating income targets. The awards to Outside Directors have a vesting period. We recognize compensation cost for service-based restricted awards with graded vesting on a straight-line basis over the entire vesting period, with the amount of compensation cost recognized at any date at least equal to the portion of the grant-date value of the award that is vested at that date. For our performance-based restricted stock awards with graded vesting, we recognize compensation cost on an accelerated basis applying straight-line expensing for each separately vesting portion of each award. Restricted Stock Awards 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

The Company recorded equity-based compensation expense related to restricted stock and RSUs (collectively restricted stock awards of million, million, and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The total fair value of restricted stock awards vested in 2022, 2021 and 2020 , based on market value at the vesting dates was million, million, and million, respectively. The weighted average grant-date fair value of RSUs granted during fiscal year 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022 , unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested RSU totaled million and is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately years. We recognize forfeitures of equity-based payments as they occur. 

 units that have performance-based vesting criteria granted at target level for 2022 and performance adjustments above target level for 2021. The performance criteria are tied to our financial performance. As of December 31, 2022 , the associated equity-based compensation expense has been recognized for the portion of the award attributable to the 2022 performance criteria. 
 
 53 

Accrued liabilities 

Equity-based compensation 

Capitalized costs 

Accrued sales taxes 

Operating lease liabilities 

State tax credits 

Tax credit - foreign 

Valuation allowance 

() 

() 

Other 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Intangible Assets 

Depreciation 

Deferred commissions 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Net deferred tax assets 

Foreign 

Total 

State 

Foreign 

Deferred: 

Federal 

() 

() 

() 

State 

() 

() 

Foreign 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Total 

We currently have a tax holiday in India under the Special Economic Zone Act through March 2029. As a result of this holiday, we had pre-tax income of approximately million, for the year ended December 31, 2022, that was not subject to tax. Separately, we are subject to India s Minimum Alternate Tax MAT and accordingly incurred income tax expense of approximately million in 2022. The impact on diluted earnings per share if the income had been fully taxable would have been a decrease of per share in 2022. We have tax credit carry-forwards of approximately million available to offset future state tax. These tax credit carry-forwards expire in to . These credits represent a deferred tax asset of million after consideration of the federal benefit of state tax deductions. A valuation allowance of million has been established for these credits because the ability to use them is not more likely than not. We also have a tax credit carry-forward of approximately million available to offset future foreign tax. This tax credit carryforward begins expiring in . At December 31, 2022 we had approximately million of undistributed earnings and profits. The undistributed earnings and profits are considered previously taxed income and would not be subject to U.S. income taxes upon repatriation of those earnings, in the form of dividends. The undistributed earnings and profits are considered to be permanently reinvested, accordingly no provision for local withholdings taxes have been provided, however, upon repatriation of those earnings, in the form of dividends, we could be subject to additional local withholding taxes. 

Effect of: 

State income tax, net of federal benefit 

State credit carryforwards 

() 

U.S. federal R D tax credit 

() 

() 

() 

Excess benefit of equity compensation 

() 

() 

() 

Employee compensation limitation 

Global Intangible Low Taxed Income (GILTI) 

Foreign-derived intangible income (FDII) deduction 

() 

() 

() 

Foreign operations 

() 

Tax contingencies 

() 

() 

Other permanent differences 

() 

Change in valuation allowance 

() 

Income taxes 

() 

() 

Gross amount of increases in unrecognized tax benefits as a result of tax positions taken during a prior period 

() 

() 

() 

Gross amount of decreases in unrecognized tax benefits as a result of tax positions taken during a prior period 

Gross amount of increases in unrecognized tax benefits as a result of tax positions taken during the current period 

() 

() 

() 

Reductions to unrecognized tax benefits relating to settlements with taxing authorities 

- 

- 

Reductions to unrecognized tax benefits as a result of a lapse of the applicable statute of limitations 

Unrecognized tax benefits at December 31, 

() 

() 

() 

Our unrecognized tax benefits totaled million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. Included in these amounts are unrecognized tax benefits totaling million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate. We recognize potential accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits within our global operations in income tax expense. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , the Company recognized the following income tax expense: million, million, and million, respectively, for the potential payment of interest and penalties. Accrued interest and penalties were million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. We conduct business globally and, as a result, file income tax returns in the United State federal jurisdiction and in many state and foreign jurisdictions. We are generally no longer subject to U.S. federal, state, and local, or non-US income tax examinations for the years before 2010 . Due to the expiration of statutes of limitations in multiple jurisdictions globally during 2023, the Company anticipates it is reasonably possible that unrecognized tax benefits may decrease by million. 

 , , and shares of the Company s common stock for million, million, and million, respectively, through open market transactions as part of a publicly-announced share repurchase program. In January 2023 , our Board of Directors authorized the Company to repurchase up to an aggregate of million of our common stock. Beginning in 2023, we will be subject to a excise tax on stock repurchases as enacted by the United States Inflation Reduction Act which we will include in the cost of stock repurchases as a reduction of shareholders equity. 

of eligible compensation up to , as defined, to the 401(k) Plan. The Internal Revenue Service sets the eligible compensation limit at for 2022 . Since 2012, we have provided a matching contribution up to of eligible compensation being contributed after the participant s first year of employment. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , the Company made matching contributions to the 401(k) Plan of million, million, and million, respectively. 

million. For a few of our facility leases, we have certain options to extend the lease term for up to years, at our sole discretion. We have no finance leases. 

LIABILITIES 

Operating lease liabilities, current (included in accrued and other liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities, long-term 

Total operating lease liabilities 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total minimum payments required 

Less short-term leases 

() 

Less imputed interest 

() 

Total operating lease liabilities 

We are applying the practical expedient to not separate lease and non-lease components, which allows us to account for lease and non-lease components as a single lease component. The total lease cost in 2022 was million, consisting of million of operating lease costs, and million of short-term lease costs. The total lease cost in 2021 was million, consisting of million of operating lease costs, and million of short-term lease costs. Total lease costs in 2020 were million, consisting of million of operating lease costs, and million of short-term lease costs. Our variable lease cost during 2022, 2021 and 2020 were immaterial. years 

Weighted average discount rate 

Supplemental cash flow information - operating cash flows (in thousands): 

Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities 

Operating cash flows for operating leases 

geographic reportable segments: the Americas, EMEA, and APAC. All segments derive revenue from the sale and implementation of our supply chain commerce solutions. The individual products sold by the segments are similar in nature and are all designed to help companies manage the effectiveness and efficiency of their supply chain commerce. We use the same accounting policies for each reportable segment. The chief executive officer and chief financial officer evaluate performance based on revenue and operating results for each reportable segment. The Americas segment charges royalty fees to the other segments based on cloud subscriptions and software licenses sold by those reportable segments. The royalties, which totaled million, million, and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, are included in costs of revenue for each segment with a corresponding reduction in the America s cost of revenue. The revenues represented below are from external customers only. The geography-based costs consist of costs for professional services personnel, direct sales and marketing expenses, infrastructure costs to support the employee and customer base, billing and financial systems, management and general and administrative support. There are certain corporate expenses included in the Americas segment that we do not charge to the other segments. Such expenses include research and development, certain marketing and general and administrative costs that support the global organization, and the amortization of acquired developed technology. Costs in the Americas segment include all research and development costs including the costs associated with our operations in India. 

Software license 

Maintenance 

Services 

Hardware 

Total revenue 

Costs and Expenses: 

Cost of revenue 

Operating expenses 

Depreciation and amortization 

Total costs and expenses 

Operating income 

Software license 

Maintenance 

Services 

Hardware 

Total revenue 

Costs and Expenses: 

Cost of revenue 

Operating expenses 

Depreciation and amortization 

Total costs and expenses 

Operating income 

Long lived assets 

Total assets 

For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , we derived revenue from sales to customers outside the United States of approximately million, million, and million, respectively. Our remaining revenue was derived from domestic sales. Cloud subscriptions revenue primarily relates to our Manhattan Active omnichannel, warehouse management solutions, and transportation management solutions for the year ended December 31, 2022. The majority of our software license revenue (over relates to our warehouse management product group for the same period. 

 58 

It em 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 

It em 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 No system of controls, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide absolute assurance that the objectives of the system of controls are met, and no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that the system of controls has operated effectively in all cases. Our disclosure controls and procedures, however, are designed to provide reasonable assurance that the objectives of disclosure controls and procedures are met. 
 As of the end of the period covered by this report, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer evaluated, with the participation of management, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based on the evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that the objectives of disclosure controls and procedures are met. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Management s assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, and the report of Ernst Young LLP on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting are contained on pages 37 and 38 of this report. 
 Change in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 During the fourth quarter of 2022, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting, including any corrective actions with regard to material weaknesses. 

It em 9B. Other Information 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 59 

PART III 

Ite m 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference from the information contained in our Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders expected to be filed with the SEC on or prior to April 1, 2023, under the captions Election of Directors, Executive Officers, Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance, Code of Ethics, and Board Committees. 

Ite m 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference from the relevant information contained in our Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders expected to be filed with the SEC on or prior to April 1, 2023, under the captions Director Compensation, Executive Compensation, Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation, and Compensation Committee Report. 

Ite m 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference from the relevant information contained in our Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders expected to be filed with the SEC on or prior to April 1, 2023, under the caption Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management. The information required by this item with respect to the Company s securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans is included in Part II, Item 5 of this Form 10-K and is incorporated by reference herein. 

It em 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference from the relevant information contained in our Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders expected to be filed with the SEC on or prior to April 1, 2023, under the captions Related Party Transactions and Election of Directors. 

It em 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference from the relevant information contained in our Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders expected to be filed with the SEC on or prior to April 1, 2023, under the caption Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 
 60 

PART IV 

It em 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a) 1.	 Financial Statements . 
 The response to this item is submitted as a separate section of this Form 10-K. See Item 8. 
 2.	 Financial Statement Schedule . 
 The following financial statement schedule is filed as a part of this report: 

(a) 

December 31, 2021 

(a) 

December 31, 2022 

(a) 

Deferred Tax Asset Valuation Allowance 

For the year ended: 

December 31, 2020 

- 
 
 (b) 

December 31, 2021 

- 
 
 (b) 

December 31, 2022 

- 

(b) 

(a) 

 (b) 

 (c) Represents current year cash payments. 

All other schedules are omitted because they are not required or the required information is shown in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. 
 3. Exhibits . 

See (b) below. 
 (b) The exhibits listed below under Exhibit Index are filed with or incorporated by reference in this Report. Where such filing is made by incorporation by reference to a previously filed registration statement or report, such registration statement or report is identified in parentheses. 

(c) See Item 15(a)(2). 

Item 16.	 Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 

61 

EXH IBIT INDEX 
 The following exhibits or incorporated by reference as part of this Report. 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant dated February 24, 1998 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2014 (File No. 00023999), filed on July 29, 2014). 

3.2 
 
 Amended Bylaws of the Registrant (As Amended Effective July 18, 2019) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 000-23999), filed on March 9, 2022). 

4.1 
 
 Description of Registrant's Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2020 (File No. 000-23999), filed on May 1, 2020). 

10.1(a) 
 
 Lease Agreement by and between Wildwood Associates, a Georgia general partnership, and the Registrant, dated June 25, 2001 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report for the period ended June 30, 2001 (File No. 000-23999), filed August 14, 2001). 

10.1(b) 
 
 First Amendment to Lease Agreement between Wildwood Associates, and the Registrant, dated June 10, 2002 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Annual Report for the period ended December 31, 2006 (File No. 000-23999), filed on March 14, 2007). 

10.1(c) 
 
 Second Amendment to Lease Agreement between 2300 Windy Ridge Parkway Investors LLC, and the Registrant, dated February 27, 2007 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Annual Report for the period ended December 31, 2006 (File No. 000-23999), filed on March 14, 2007). 

10.1(d) 
 
 Third Amendment to Lease Agreement between 2300 Windy Ridge Parkway Investors LLC, and the Registrant, dated June 14, 2007 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2(d) to the Company s Annual Report for the period ended December 31, 2014 (File No. 000-23999), filed on February 5, 2015). 

10.1(e) 
 
 Fourth Amendment to Lease Agreement between SP4 2300 Windy Ridge LP, and the Registrant, dated August 14, 2012 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2(e) to the Company s Annual Report for the period ended December 31, 2014 (File No. 000-23999), filed on February 5, 2015). 

10.1(f) 
 
 Fifth Amendment to Lease Agreement between 2300 Windy Ridge LLC, and the Registrant, dated May 19, 2014 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2(f) to the Company s Annual Report for the period ended December 31, 2014 (File No. 000-23999), filed on February 5, 2015). 

10.1(g) 
 
 Sixth Amendment to Lease Agreement between 2300 Windy Ridge LLC, and the Registrant, dated August 13, 2014 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2(g) to the Company s Annual Report for the period ended December 31, 2014 (File No. 000-23999), filed on February 5, 2015). 

10.1(h) 
 
 Seventh Amendment to Lease Agreement between 2300 Windy Ridge LLC and the Registrant, dated April 29, 2015 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2015 (File No. 000-23999), filed on July 28, 2015). 

10.2(a) 
 
 Lease Deed by and between Brookefields Real Estate and Projects Private Limited and Manhattan Associates India Development Centre Private Ltd dated March 18, 2019 Unit 1 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.34 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2019 (File No. 000-23999), filed on April 25, 2019). 

10.2(b) 
 
 Lease Deed by and between Brookefields Real Estate and Projects Private Limited and Manhattan Associates India Development Centre Private Ltd dated March 18, 2019 Unit 2 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.35 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2019 (File No. 000-23999), filed on April 25, 2019). 

10.2(c) 
 
 Lease Deed by and between Brookefields Real Estate and Projects Private Limited and Manhattan Associates India Development Centre Private Ltd dated May 1, 2019 5,318 sq. ft. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.36 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2019 (File No. 000-23999), filed on July 25, 2019). 

62 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 

10.2(d) 
 
 Lease Deed by and between Brookefields Real Estate and Projects Private Limited and Manhattan Associates India Development Centre Private Ltd dated May 1, 2019 10,001 sq. ft. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.37 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2019 (File No. 000-23999), filed on July 25, 2019). 

10.20(a) 
 
 2007 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended by the First Amendment thereto (Incorporated by reference to Annex A to the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement related to its 2009 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (File No. 000-23999) filed on April 20, 2009). 

10.20(b) 
 
 Second amendment to 2007 Stock Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to Annex A to the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement related to its 2011 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (File No. 000-23999) filed on April 15, 2011). 

10.20(c) 
 
 Third amendment to 2007 Stock Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to Annex A to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2017 (File No. 000-23999) filed on October 30, 2017). 

10.21 
 
 Form of Manhattan Associates, Inc. Restricted Stock Award Agreement for Non-Employee Directors (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.49 to the Company s Annual Report for the period ended December 31, 2009 (File No. 000-23999), filed on February 19, 2010). 

10.22 
 
 Form of Manhattan Associates, Inc. Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Employees 

10.23 
 
 Form of Manhattan Associates, Inc. Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Non-Employee Directors 

10.24 
 
 Manhattan Associates, Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Annex A to the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement related to its 2020 Annual Meeting of Shareholders filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 30, 2020 (Commission File No. 000-23999)) 

10.30 
 
 2016 Annual Cash Bonus Plan (Incorporated by reference from Annex B to the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement for its 2016 Annual Meeting of Shareholders filed with the SEC on April 8, 2016 (SEC File No. 000-23999)). 

10.40 
 
 Form of Executive Employment Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2018 (File No. 000-23999), filed on October 25, 2018). 

10.41 
 
 Schedule to Form of Executive Employment Agreement of Initial Salaries and Target Bonus Opportunities for Named Executive Officers. 

10.42 
 
 Form of Director and Officer Indemnification Agreement with all Directors and Executive Officers (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 000-23999) filed on April 4, 2013). 

10.43 
 
 Executive Employment Letter Agreement, dated July 27, 2016, by and between the Registrant and Dennis Story (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 000-23999), filed on August 1, 2016). 

21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries. 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Ernst Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

63 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 The cover page from the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, has been formatted in Inline XBRL. 

Management contract or compensatory plan or agreement. 
 In accordance with Item 601(b)(32)(ii) of the SEC s Regulation S-K, this Exhibit is hereby furnished to the SEC as an accompanying document and is not deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that Section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933. 
 
 64 

SI GNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

MANHATTAN ASSOCIATES, INC. 

By: 
 
 /s/ Eddie Capel 

Eddie Capel 

President, Chief Executive Officer, and Director 

Date: February 6, 2023 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ John J. Huntz, Jr. 
 
 Chairman of the Board 
 
 February 6, 2023 

John J. Huntz, Jr. 

/s/ Eddie Capel 
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer, and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 February 6, 2023 

Eddie Capel 

/s/ Dennis B. Story 
 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 February 6, 2023 

Dennis B. Story 

/s/ Linda C. Pinne 
 
 Senior Vice President, Global Corporate Controller, and Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 February 6, 2023 

Linda C. Pinne 

/s/ Edmond I. Eger III 
 
 Director 
 
 February 6, 2023 

Edmond I. Eger III 

/s/ Linda T. Hollembaek 
 
 Director 
 
 February 6, 2023 

Linda T. Hollembaek 

/s/ Kimberly A. Kuryea 
 
 Director 
 
 February 6, 2023 

Kimberly A. Kuryea 

/s/ Charles E. Moran 
 
 Director 
 
 February 6, 2023 

Charles E. Moran 

/s/ Thomas E. Noonan 
 
 Director 
 
 February 6, 2023 

Thomas E. Noonan 

/s/ Deepak Raghavan 
 
 Director 
 
 February 6, 2023 

Deepak Raghavan 

65 

<EX-10.22>
 2
 manh-ex10_22.htm
 EX-10.22

EX-10.22 

EXHIBIT 10.22 
 
 MANHATTAN ASSOCIATES, INC. 
 RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT FOR EMPLOYEES 

Name of Employee: ______________ 
 Number of Units: ______________ 

Award Date: January 27, 2022 
 Vesting Start Date: January 31, 2022 

If the information above is not completed, and this Agreement (as defined below) is being signed and delivered via an online grant acceptance system (an OLGA , and an Agreement that is signed and delivered via OLGA, an OLGA Grant ), then the information appearing on the OLGA Grant summary screen with respect to the Units (as defined below) covered by this Agreement that corresponds to the information called for above is incorporated by this reference into this Agreement. 
 
 This Agreement (this Agreement is made as of the Award Date noted above (or if not noted above, and this is an OLGA Grant, the Award Date set forth on the OLGA Grant summary screen with respect to these Units), by and between Manhattan Associates, Inc., a Georgia corporation (the Company ), and the individual employee noted above (or if not noted above, and this is an OLGA Grant, the individual employee accessing OLGA with respect to these Units) Employee (the Company and Employee referred to as the Parties ), with reference to the following facts: 
 A. The Company has adopted the Manhattan Associates, Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan to promote the Company s and its subsidiaries long-term growth and profitability by (i) providing certain employees, directors, consultants, advisors, and other persons who perform services for the Company and its subsidiaries with incentives to maximize shareholder value and otherwise contribute to the Company s success, and (ii) enabling the Company to attract, retain, and reward the best available persons for positions of substantial responsibility. 

B. The Plan achieves its purpose by providing the opportunity for those individuals to receive compensation based on the value of the shares of the Company s common stock, par value .01 Shares ). 

C. The Compensation Committee of the Company s Board of Directors, or that committee s permitted designee (the Committee ), has authorized a grant to Employee under the Plan of an award of restricted stock units Units representing the right to receive Shares under the circumstances described below, and the Company and Employee wish to confirm the award s terms. 

Now therefore, the Parties agree as follows: 
 1. Award of Restricted Stock Units . 

1.1 Award of Restricted Stock Units . Subject to the terms, restrictions, limitations, and conditions in this Agreement and the Plan, the Company grants to Employee an award of that number of Units set forth above (or if not set forth above, and this is an OLGA Grant, as set forth on the OLGA Grant summary screen with respect to these Units), with each Unit representing the right to receive a Share at a future date and time. 

1.2 Vesting of Units . Employee will become vested in these Units in accordance with Schedule I ; provided that the Committee may accelerate the vesting of all or some of these Units. (Each date on which one or more Units vest is referred to as a Vesting Date those Units that have become vested, and have not become vested, respectively, are referred to as, respectively, Vested Units and Unvested Units . 

1.3 Settlement of Units . The Company will settle each Vested Unit by delivering to Employee (or, where applicable, their estate or personal representative) one Share on the Vesting Date for that Unit, or as soon as administratively practicable; provided that if (a) Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code applies to the vesting of that Unit or the delivery of the underlying Share, (b) the delivery is on account of Employee s separation from service as defined in Code Section 409A and its applicable 

FILENAME \ MERGEFORMAT FORM RSU Agt - Existing Employees with Schedule I rvd 2020.05.19 

regulations, and (c) Employee is a specified employee as defined in Code Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) on the delivery date (as determined in accordance with Company rules), the Company will automatically delay the delivery of that Share until the first business day after the date that is six months after Employee s separation from service (or, if earlier, the date of Employee s death). The Company may deliver Shares by delivering physical stock certificates or by certificateless book-entry issuance. The Company may also deliver Shares to Employee s (or, following Employee s death, Employee s estate s or personal representative s) broker-dealer or similar custodian or issue Shares in street name, either by delivering physical certificates or electronically. 

1.4 Payment of Withholding Taxes . 

(a) General . Prior to the delivery of Shares to Employee and at those other times as the Company may require, Employee must arrange for the satisfaction of the amount of any domestic or foreign tax withholding obligation e.g. , Federal, national, state, or local) (the Tax Withholding Obligation in a manner acceptable to the Company. 

(b) Methods . Employee may satisfy their Tax Withholding Obligation by: (i) delivering to the Company, no later than the business day immediately prior to the expected delivery date of the Shares (the Vesting Date or some other date noticed by the Company to Employee), the full Tax Withholding Obligation in U.S. dollars in cash or check, or (ii) having the Company withhold Shares otherwise issuable pursuant to the vesting and settlement of the Units having a fair market value equal to the Tax Withholding Obligation. Employee may satisfy their Tax Withholding Obligation by any other method available under the Plan if approved by the Committee. If Employee does not timely satisfy the Tax Withholding Obligation in accordance with alternative (i) above, or some other method approved by the Committee, then the Company will withhold Shares in accordance with alternative (ii), or, to the maximum extent permitted by law and the Plan, apply Employee s salary or other amounts payable to Employee towards Employee s Tax Withholding Obligation. The Company may refuse to issue Shares to Employee until Employee satisfies their Tax Withholding Obligation. 

1.5 No Rights as Shareholder . Unless and until Shares are delivered to settle Vested Units, Employee will have no ownership of those Shares and no right to dividends or to vote the Shares. 

2. Forfeitures and Restrictions . 

2.1 End of Continuous Service . 

(a) General . If Employee s Continuous Service ends for any reason other than death or Disability (as defined in Section 2.1(c) below), Employee will forfeit to the Company all Unvested Units, along with any and all rights or subsequent rights associated with the Unvested Units, effective immediately. For purposes of this Agreement, Continuous Service means Employee s continued performance of services for the Company or a Company parent or subsidiary for an uninterrupted period. Employee s Continuous Service will end on Employee s termination of employment, unless the Committee determines otherwise. The Committee has the discretion to resolve any question or dispute as to when Employee s Continuous Service begins or ends. 

(b) Death. If Employee s Continuous Service terminates as a result of Employee s death, then any outstanding Unvested Units immediately will vest. Any outstanding unvested Performance Units (as may be identified on Schedule I for which the Earned Performance Units (as may be defined on Schedule I have not yet been determined will vest at Target Performance Level (100 ), and those Vested Units will be deemed to have been determined to be Earned Performance Units. The Company will settle those Vested Units in accordance with Section 1.3, except that the six-month delay provision will not apply. 

(c) Disability . If Employee s Continuous Service terminates as a result of Employee s Disability, then any outstanding Unvested Units (including any outstanding unvested Performance Units) will continue to vest as provided in Schedule I and be settled under Section 1.3 as if there had been no termination of Employee s Continuous Service. For purposes of this Agreement, Disability means (i) if Employee is eligible to participate in a Company long-term disability insurance program or similar program, a condition with respect to which Employee is entitled to receive benefits under that program, or (ii) if Employee is not eligible to participate in a Company long-term disability insurance 

2 

program or similar program, the inability of the Employee to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment expected to result in death or to be of continuous duration of six months or more. The Committee will determine Disability based on the information provided to it. If Employee subsequently recovers from their Disability, the Committee will in its discretion determine the manner in which the Company will handle any Units then remaining unvested. 

2.2 Forfeited Performance Units . If the Units include Performance Units (as indicated on Schedule I), Employee will forfeit those Performance Units that are not determined to be Earned Performance Units as of the date the Company determines the number of Earned Performance Units. 

2.3 Restrictions on Transfer . Without the prior written consent of the Committee, Employee will not have the right to convey, pledge, assign, transfer, hypothecate, encumber, or otherwise dispose of, in whole or in part, any Unvested Units or this Agreement, except that, upon Employee s death, Employee s interest in Vested Units may transfer to Employee s estate or personal representative. 

3. General Provisions . 

3.1 Change in Capitalization . If the Company increases or decreases the number of outstanding Shares by a change in par value, split-up, stock split, reverse stock split, reclassification, distribution of common stock dividend, or other similar capital adjustment, the Committee will adjust appropriately the number and kind of shares underlying the Units to maintain Employee s proportionate interest; provided that the Company will not issue fractional shares in making that adjustment. Those adjustments will be final and binding. 

3.2 Legends . The Company may endorse Share certificates with any legends required by applicable law. The Company need not register a transfer of Shares and may instruct its transfer agent not to register the transfer of Shares unless the conditions specified in applicable legends are satisfied. 

3.3 Governing Law . This Agreement will be construed, administered, and enforced according to the laws of the State of Georgia, without regard to its conflict of laws principles. 

3.4 Successors . This Agreement will be binding on and inure to the benefit of the heirs, legal representatives, successors, and permitted assigns of the Parties. 

3.5 Notice . Except as otherwise specified in this Agreement, all notices and other communications under this Agreement will be in writing and deemed to have been given if personally delivered or if sent by registered or certified U.S. mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed to the proposed recipient at the last known address of the recipient, or on receipt if delivered or sent by other means. Either Party may designate any other address to which notices will be sent by giving notice of that address to the other Party in the same manner as provided above. 

3.6 Committee Discretion . Any Committee approval, consent, determination, or interpretation permitted by this Agreement will be made in the Committee s sole and absolute discretion. 

3.7 Invalidity of Provision . If for any reason a court finds that a provision in this Agreement is unenforceable in whole or in part, then the court will modify that provision to the extent necessary to render the provision enforceable while, to the extent possible, preserving the original intent of the Parties, and the remaining provisions will continue in full force and effect without being impaired or invalidated in any way. 

3.8 Entire Agreement . Subject to the terms of the Plan and any Executive Employment Agreement or similar agreement between Employee and the Company (including those regarding a change of control of the Company), this Agreement, including any Schedules, which are incorporated into this Agreement by this reference, and any applicable OLGA screen, expresses the entire understanding and agreement of the Parties with respect to their subject matter. The Parties may sign this Agreement in counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original but both of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. 

3.9 Violation . Any conveyance, pledge, assignment, transfer, hypothecation, encumbrance, or other disposition of Unvested Units or this Agreement by Employee will violate the terms of this Agreement and will be null and void. 

3 

3.10 Headings . Section headings are for convenience only, and the Parties will not consider them in construing this Agreement. 

3.11 Specific Performance . If a Party breaches or threatens to breach this Agreement, then, in addition to any and all other rights and remedies at law or in equity that the aggrieved Party may pursue, the aggrieved Party may seek specific performance or injunctive relief. 

3.12 No Employment Rights Created . The Parties will not construe either the establishment of the Plan or the award of these Units as giving Employee the right to continued employment with the Company or restrict any ability the Company otherwise has to terminate Employee s employment at any time. 

3.13 Compliance with Code Section 409A . 

(a) General . To the extent that the requirements of Code Section 409A are applicable to this Agreement, the Parties intend that the benefits and rights to which Employee could be entitled pursuant to this Agreement comply with Code Section 409A and the Treasury Regulations and other guidance promulgated or issued under that section (collectively, Section 409A ), and the Parties will construe the provisions of this Agreement consistent with that intent. The Company may amend the Plan and this Agreement in any respect that the Company deems necessary to preserve compliance with Section 409A. 

(b) No Representations as to Section 409A Compliance . The Company makes no representation to Employee that the Award and any Shares issued pursuant to this Agreement are exempt from or satisfy, the requirements of Section 409A, and the Company will have no liability or other obligation to indemnify or hold harmless Employee or any beneficiary for any tax, additional tax, interest, or penalties that Employee or any beneficiary may incur if any provision of this Agreement, or any amendment or modification of this Agreement, or any other action taken with respect to it is deemed to violate any of the requirements of Section 409A. 

(c) No Acceleration of Payments . Neither Party, individually or in combination with the other, may accelerate any payment or benefit that is subject to Section 409A, except in compliance with Section 409A and the provisions of this Agreement, and the Company will not pay any amount that is subject to Section 409A prior to the earliest date on which the Company may pay it without violating Section 409A. 

(d) Termination of Employment . Any provisions of this Agreement that provide for payment of compensation that is subject to Section 409A and that has payment triggered by Employee s cessation of Continuous Service or termination of employment other than as a result of death will be deemed to provide for payment that is triggered only by Employee s separation from service within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h). 

3.14 Consent for Accumulation and Transfer of Data . Employee consents to the accumulation and transfer of data concerning them and the Award to and from the Company (and any Subsidiary) and any agent that may administer the Plan on behalf of the Company from time to time. In addition, Employee acknowledges that the Company and one or more Subsidiaries may hold certain personal information about Employee, including their name, home address, telephone number, date of birth, social security number, salary, nationality, job title, and details of all grants or awards, vested, unvested, or expired personal data ). Certain personal date may also constitute sensitive personal data within the meaning of applicable local law, which may include the information described above and any changes to it and other appropriate personal and financial data about Employee. Employee explicitly consents to the Company and any Subsidiary processing any of that personal data and sensitive personal data, and also to the Company and any Subsidiary transferring any of that personal data and sensitive personal data outside the country in which the Company employs Employee, and to the United States or other jurisdictions. The Parties acknowledge that the personal data and sensitive personal data are intended for use by the Company (and one or more Subsidiaries) and any company service provider for the purposes of compensation planning or Plan administration. 

[Signatures on following page] 
 
 4 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the Parties have signed this Agreement effective as of the Award Date. 
 
 MANHATTAN ASSOCIATES, INC. 

By: ______________________________________ 

Employee acknowledges they have received this Agreement, have read and understand the terms and provisions of the Plan and any applicable OLGA screen, and accept the award of Units subject to the terms of this Agreement, the Plan, and any applicable OLGA screen. 
 
 EMPLOYEE ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THEY HAVE BEEN FULLY ADVISED TO CONSULT WITH THEIR OWN TAX CONSULTANT REGARDING THE AWARD OF THESE UNITS. 
 
 If Employee is signing and delivering this Agreement via OLGA, Employee s clicking of the on-screen button labeled Accept (or similarly labeled button) constitutes Employee s signature on, acceptance of, and express agreement to be bound by, the terms of this Agreement and the Plan. Employee consents to the use of that electronic signature and consents to the retention of this signed Agreement solely in electronic form and to the Company delivering to Employee records related to this Agreement via electronic methods. 

Employee Signature: __________________________________________ Date: ___________________ 
 
 Employee Printed Name: _______________________________________________________________ 
 
 5 

RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT FOR EMPLOYEES 
 
 SCHEDULE I 
 
 Unit Vesting Provisions (Base Year: 2022) 
 I- 1 

</EX-10.22>

<EX-10.23>
 3
 manh-ex10_23.htm
 EX-10.23

EX-10.23 

EXHIBIT 10.23 
 
 MANHATTAN ASSOCIATES, INC. 
 RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 
 FOR NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTORS 

Name of Director: 
 Number of Units: 

Award Date: 

If the information above is not completed, and this Agreement (as defined below) is being signed and delivered via an online grant acceptance system (an OLGA , and an Agreement that is signed and delivered via OLGA, an OLGA Grant ), then the information appearing on the OLGA Grant summary screen with respect to the Units (as defined below) covered by this Agreement that corresponds to the information called for above is incorporated by this reference into this Agreement. 
 
 This Agreement (this Agreement is made as of the Award Date noted above (or if not noted above, and this is an OLGA Grant, the Award Date set forth on the OLGA Grant summary screen with respect to these Units), by and between Manhattan Associates, Inc., a Georgia corporation (the Company ), and the individual noted above (or if not noted above, and this is an OLGA Grant, the individual accessing OLGA with respect to these Units) Director (the Company and Director referred to as the Parties ), with reference to the following facts: 
 A. The Company has adopted the Manhattan Associates, Inc. 2007 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended (the Plan ), for the purpose of securing and retaining the services of the Company s officers, directors, key employees, and consultants and providing incentives to those who are primarily responsible for the Company s operations to shape and carry out the Company s long-range plans and aiding in its continued growth and financial success. 

B. The Plan achieves its purpose by providing the opportunity for those individuals to receive compensation based on the value of the shares of the Company s common stock, par value .01 Shares ). 

C. The Compensation Committee of the Company s Board of Directors (the Board ), or that committee s permitted designee (the Committee ), has authorized a grant to Director under the Plan of an award of restricted stock units Units representing the right to receive Shares under the circumstances described below, and the Company and Director wish to confirm the award s terms. 

Now therefore, the Parties agree as follows: 
 1. Award of Restricted Stock Units . 

1.1 Award of Restricted Stock Units . Subject to the terms, restrictions, limitations, and conditions in this Agreement and the Plan, the Company grants to Director an award of that number of Units set forth above (or if not set forth above, and this is an OLGA Grant, as set forth on the OLGA Grant summary screen with respect to these Units), with each Unit representing the right to receive a Share at a future date and time. 

1.2 Vesting of Units . Director will become vested in these Units in accordance with Schedule I ; provided that the Committee may accelerate the vesting of all or some of these Units. (Each date on which one or more Units vest is referred to as a Vesting Date those Units that have become vested, and have not become vested, respectively, are referred to as, respectively, Vested Units and Unvested Units . 

1.3 Settlement of Units . The Company will settle each Vested Unit by delivering to Director (or, where applicable, their estate or personal representative) one Share on the Vesting Date for that Unit, or as soon as administratively practicable; provided that if (a) Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code applies to the vesting of that Unit or the delivery of the underlying Share, (b) the delivery is on account of Director s separation from service as defined in Code Section 409A and its applicable 

FILENAME \ MERGEFORMAT FORM RSU Agt - Non-employee Directors with Schedule I rvd 2020.05.12 

regulations, and (c) Director is a specified employee as defined in Code Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) on the delivery date (as determined in accordance with Company rules), the Company will automatically delay the delivery of that Share until the first business day after the date that is six months after Director s separation from service (or, if earlier, the date of Director s death). The Company may deliver Shares by delivering physical stock certificates or by certificateless book-entry issuance. The Company may also deliver Shares to Director s (or, following Director s death, Director s estate s or personal representative s) broker-dealer or similar custodian or issue Shares in street name, either by delivering physical certificates or electronically. 

1.4 Taxes . Director acknowledges that they are responsible for the payment of any taxes with respect to the Units and any vesting of them, and that the Company is not responsible for withholding or paying any taxes on Director s behalf. 

1.5 No Rights as Shareholder . Unless and until Shares are delivered to settle Vested Units, Director will have no ownership of those Shares and no right to dividends or to vote the Shares. 

2. Forfeitures and Restrictions . 

2.1 End of Continuous Service . 

(a) General . If Director s Continuous Service ends for any reason other than death or Disability (as defined in Section 2.1(c) below), Director will forfeit to the Company all Unvested Units, along with any and all rights or subsequent rights associated with the Unvested Units, effective immediately. For purposes of this Agreement, Continuous Service means Director s continued performance of services for the Company or a Company parent or subsidiary for an uninterrupted period. Director s Continuous Service will end on Director s termination of service as a director, unless the Committee determines otherwise. The Committee has the discretion to resolve any question or dispute as to when Director s Continuous Service begins or ends. 

(b) Death. If Director s Continuous Service terminates as a result of Director s death, then any outstanding Unvested Units immediately will vest. The Company will settle those Vested Units in accordance with Section 1.3, except that the six-month delay provision will not apply. 

(c) Disability . If Director s Continuous Service terminates as a result of Director s Disability, then any outstanding Unvested Units will continue to vest as provided in Schedule I and be settled under Section 1.3 as if there had been no termination of Director s Continuous Service. For purposes of this Agreement, Disability means Director s inability to perform their usual duties as a Board member by reason of any medically determined physical or mental impairment expected to result in death or to continue for six months or more. The Committee will determine Disability based on the information provided to it. If Director subsequently recovers from their Disability, the Committee will in its discretion determine the manner in which the Company will handle any Units then remaining unvested. 

2.2 Restrictions on Transfer . Without the prior written consent of the Committee, Director will not have the right to convey, pledge, assign, transfer, hypothecate, encumber, or otherwise dispose of, in whole or in part, any Unvested Units or this Agreement, except that, upon Director s death, Director s interest in Vested Units may transfer to Director s estate or personal representative. 

3. General Provisions . 

3.1 Change in Capitalization . If the Company increases or decreases the number of outstanding Shares by a change in par value, split-up, stock split, reverse stock split, reclassification, distribution of common stock dividend, or other similar capital adjustment, the Committee will adjust appropriately the number and kind of shares underlying the Units to maintain Director s proportionate interest; provided that the Company will not issue fractional shares in making that adjustment. Those adjustments will be final and binding. 

3.2 Legends . The Company may endorse Share certificates with any legends required by applicable law. The Company need not register a transfer of Shares and may instruct its transfer agent not to register the transfer of Shares unless the conditions specified in applicable legends are satisfied. 

2 

3.3 Governing Law . This Agreement will be construed, administered, and enforced according to the laws of the State of Georgia, without regard to its conflict of laws principles. 

3.4 Successors . This Agreement will be binding on and inure to the benefit of the heirs, legal representatives, successors, and permitted assigns of the Parties. 

3.5 Notice . Except as otherwise specified in this Agreement, all notices and other communications under this Agreement will be in writing and deemed to have been given if personally delivered or if sent by registered or certified U.S. mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed to the proposed recipient at the last known address of the recipient, or on receipt if delivered or sent by other means. Either Party may designate any other address to which notices will be sent by giving notice of that address to the other Party in the same manner as provided above. 

3.6 Committee Discretion . Any Committee approval, consent, determination, or interpretation permitted by this Agreement will be made in the Committee s sole and absolute discretion. 

3.7 Invalidity of Provision . If for any reason a court finds that a provision in this Agreement is unenforceable in whole or in part, then the court will modify that provision to the extent necessary to render the provision enforceable while, to the extent possible, preserving the original intent of the Parties, and the remaining provisions will continue in full force and effect without being impaired or invalidated in any way. 

3.8 Entire Agreement . This Agreement, including any Schedules, which are incorporated into this Agreement by this reference, and any applicable OLGA screen, expresses the entire understanding and agreement of the Parties with respect to their subject matter. The Parties may sign this Agreement in counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original but both of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. 

3.9 Violation . Any conveyance, pledge, assignment, transfer, hypothecation, encumbrance, or other disposition of Unvested Units or this Agreement by Director will violate the terms of this Agreement and will be null and void. 

3.10 Headings . Section headings are for convenience only, and the Parties will not consider them in construing this Agreement. 

3.11 Specific Performance . If a Party breaches or threatens to breach this Agreement, then, in addition to any and all other rights and remedies at law or in equity that the aggrieved Party may pursue, the aggrieved Party may seek specific performance or injunctive relief. 

3.12 No Board Membership or Employment Rights Created . The Parties will not construe either the establishment of the Plan or the award of these Units as giving Director the right to continued Board membership or to employment with the Company. 

3.13 Compliance with Code Section 409A . 

(a) General . To the extent that the requirements of Code Section 409A are applicable to this Agreement, the Parties intend that the benefits and rights to which Director could be entitled pursuant to this Agreement comply with Code Section 409A and the Treasury Regulations and other guidance promulgated or issued under that section (collectively, Section 409A ), and the Parties will construe the provisions of this Agreement consistent with that intent. The Company may amend the Plan and this Agreement in any respect that the Company deems necessary to preserve compliance with Section 409A. 

(b) No Representations as to Section 409A Compliance . The Company makes no representation to Director that the Award and any Shares issued pursuant to this Agreement are exempt from or satisfy, the requirements of Section 409A, and the Company will have no liability or other obligation to indemnify or hold harmless Director or any beneficiary for any tax, additional tax, interest, or penalties that Director or any beneficiary may incur if any provision of this Agreement, or any amendment or modification of this Agreement, or any other action taken with respect to it is deemed to violate any of the requirements of Section 409A. 

(c) No Acceleration of Payments . Neither Party, individually or in combination with the other, may accelerate any payment or benefit that is subject to Section 409A, except in compliance 

3 

with Section 409A and the provisions of this Agreement, and the Company will not pay any amount that is subject to Section 409A prior to the earliest date on which the Company may pay it without violating Section 409A. 

(d) Termination of Employment . Any provisions of this Agreement that provide for payment of compensation that is subject to Section 409A and that has payment triggered by Director s cessation of Continuous Service or termination of service other than as a result of death will be deemed to provide for payment that is triggered only by Director s separation from service within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h). 

3.14 Consent for Accumulation and Transfer of Data . Director consents to the accumulation and transfer of data concerning them and the Award to and from the Company (and any Subsidiary) and any agent that may administer the Plan on behalf of the Company from time to time. In addition, Director acknowledges that the Company and one or more Subsidiaries may hold certain personal information about Director, including their name, home address, telephone number, date of birth, social security number, salary, nationality, job title, and details of all grants or awards, vested, unvested, or expired personal data ). Certain personal date may also constitute sensitive personal data within the meaning of applicable local law, which may include the information described above and any changes to it and other appropriate personal and financial data about Director. Director explicitly consents to the Company and any Subsidiary processing any of that personal data and sensitive personal data, and also to the Company and any Subsidiary transferring any of that personal data and sensitive personal data outside the country in which Director resides, and to the United States or other jurisdictions. The Parties acknowledge that the personal data and sensitive personal data are intended for use by the Company (and one or more Subsidiaries) and any company service provider for the purposes of compensation planning or Plan administration. 

[Signatures on following page] 
 
 4 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the Parties have signed this Agreement effective as of the Award Date. 
 
 MANHATTAN ASSOCIATES, INC. 

By: ______________________________________ 

Director acknowledges they have received this Agreement, have read and understand the terms and provisions of the Plan and any applicable OLGA screen, and accept the award of Units subject to the terms of this Agreement, the Plan, and any applicable OLGA screen. 
 
 DIRECTOR ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THEY HAVE BEEN FULLY ADVISED TO CONSULT WITH THEIR OWN TAX CONSULTANT REGARDING THE AWARD OF THESE UNITS. 
 
 If Director is signing and delivering this Agreement via OLGA, Director s clicking of the on-screen button labeled Accept (or similarly labeled button) constitutes Director s signature on, acceptance of, and express agreement to be bound by, the terms of this Agreement and the Plan. Director consents to the use of that electronic signature and consents to the retention of this signed Agreement solely in electronic form and to the Company delivering to Director records related to this Agreement via electronic methods. 

Director Signature: __________________________________________ Date: ___________________ 
 
 Director Printed Name: _______________________________________________________________ 
 
 5 

RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 
 FOR NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTORS 
 
 SCHEDULE I 
 
 Unit Vesting Provisions 

I- 1 

</EX-10.23>

<EX-10.41>
 4
 manh-ex10_41.htm
 EX-10.41

EX-10.41 

EXHIBIT 10.41 

SCHEDULE OFINITIAL SALARIES AND TARGET BONUS OPPORTUNITIES 
 FOR NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 
 AS SET FORTH IN EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS 

Name 
 Position (1) 
 Base Salary (2) 
 Target Bonus (2) 

Eddie Capel 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 575,000 
 575,000 

Dennis B. Story 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 402,000 
 296,000 

Bruce S. Richards 
 Senior Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Secretary 
 320,000 
 184,000 

Robert G. Howell 
 Senior Vice President, Americas Sales 
 323,000 
 312,000 

Linda C. Pinne 
 Senior Vice President, Global Corporate Controller and Chief Accounting Officer 
 252,150 
 84,218 

(1)	Position titles are as initially set forth in the employment agreements. 
 
 (2)	Salaries and target bonuses set forth above are as initially set forth in employment agreements. Salaries are subject to subsequent increase, and target bonus amounts are subject to subsequent adjustment, at the discretion of the Board of Directors or the Compensation Committee thereof. 

</EX-10.41>

<EX-21.1>
 5
 manh-ex21_1.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21.1 

Exhibit 21.1 
 MANHATTAN ASSOCIATES, INC. SUBSIDIARIES 

Subsidiaries 
 
 Place of Incorporation 

Manhattan Associates Limited 
 
 United Kingdom 

Manhattan Associates Europe B.V. 
 
 Netherland 

Manhattan Associates France SARL 
 
 France 

Manhattan Associates GmbH 
 
 Germany 

Manhattan Associates KK 
 
 Japan 

Manhattan Associates Software (Shanghai), Co. Ltd. 
 
 China 

Manhattan Associates Pty Ltd. 
 
 Australia 

Manhattan Associates Software Pte Ltd. 
 
 Singapore 

Manhattan Associates (India) Development Centre Private Limited 
 
 India 

Manhattan Associates, S. de R.L. de CV 
 
 Mexico 

Manhattan Associates Services, S. de R.L. de CV 
 
 Mexico 

Manhattan Associates Supply Chain Software, LLC 
 
 Georgia, USA 

Manhattan Associates Chile SpA 
 
 Chile 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 manh-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23.1 

Exhibit 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements: 
 1. Form S-8 No. 333-143611 pertaining to the Manhattan Associates, Inc. 2007 Stock Incentive Plan, 

2. Form S-8 No. 333-159852 pertaining to the Manhattan Associates, Inc. 2007 Stock Incentive Plan, 

3. Form S-8 No. 333-174499 pertaining to the Manhattan Associates, Inc. 2007 Stock Incentive Plan, and 

4. Form S-8 No. 333-238503 pertaining to the Manhattan Associates, Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan; 

of our reports dated February 6, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and schedule of Manhattan Associates, Inc. and subsidiaries and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Manhattan Associates, Inc. and subsidiaries included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Manhattan Associates, Inc. and subsidiaries for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/ Ernst Young LLP 

Atlanta, Georgia 

February 6, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 manh-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Eddie Capel, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of the registrant; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this annual report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated this 6th day of February, 2023 

/s/ Eddie Capel 

Eddie Capel, President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 manh-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(d), AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Dennis B. Story, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of the registrant; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this annual report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated this 6th day of February, 2023 

/s/ Dennis B. Story 

Dennis B. Story, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 9
 manh-ex32.htm
 EX-32

EX-32 

Exhibit 32 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 This Certificate is being delivered pursuant to the requirements of Section 1350 of Chapter 63 (Mail Fraud) of Title 18 (Crimes and Criminal Procedures) of the United States Code and shall not be relied on by any person for any other purpose. 
 The undersigned, who are the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, respectively, of Manhattan Associates, Inc. (the Company ), hereby each certify that, to the undersigned s knowledge: 
 1. the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the twelve month period ended December 31, 2022 (the Report ), which accompanies this Certification, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 2. all information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Dated this 6th day of February, 2023 

/s/ Eddie Capel 

Eddie Capel, President and Chief Executive Officer 

/s/ Dennis B. Story 

Dennis B. Story, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer 

In accordance with SEC Release No. 34-47986, this Exhibit is furnished to the SEC as an accompanying document and is not deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that Section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933. A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to the registrant and will be retained by the registrant and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 manh-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 manh-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 manh-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 manh-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.SCH>
 15
 manh-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

