<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230227_10-K_edgar_data_1102112_0001628280-23-005257.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>39598388</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>650050</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3886868</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>18327948</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>7853889</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>8144923</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>18</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-23-005257.hdr.sgml : 20230227
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230227163642
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-23-005257
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		177
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230227
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230227

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PACWEST BANCORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001102112
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		IRS NUMBER:				330885320
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36408
		FILM NUMBER:		23675623

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		130 S. STATE COLLEGE BLVD.
		CITY:			BREA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92821
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(310) 887-8500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		130 S. STATE COLLEGE BLVD.
		CITY:			BREA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92821

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FIRST COMMUNITY BANCORP /CA/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19991229

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-23-005257.txt : 20230227

10-K
 1
 pacw-20221231.htm
 10-K

pacw-20221231 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 Form 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 
 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 
 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 Commission File No. 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , 
 , 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices, Including Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant's Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Depositary Shares, each representing a 1/40th interest in a share of 7.75 fixed rate reset non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock, Series A PACWP The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (Title of Each Class) (Trading Symbol) (Name of Exchange on Which Registered) 
 Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. o No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. o Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. o No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). o No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the financial statements included in the filings reflects a correction of an error previously issued financial statements): (1) o Yes o No 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements requiring a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation under the registrant s clawback policies: (1) o Yes o No 
 (1) Checkboxes are blank until we are required to have a recovery policy under the applicable Nasdaq listing standard. 
 1 

As of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the average high and low sales prices on The Nasdaq Global Select Market as of the close of business on June 30, 2022, was approximately billion. Registrant does not have any nonvoting common equities. 
 As of February 16, 2023, there w ere shares of registrant's common stock outstanding, excluding 2,380,349 shares of unvested restricted stock. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

2 

PACWEST BANCORP 
 2022 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 PART I Forward Looking Information 4 
 Available Information 4 
 Glossary of Acronyms, Abbreviations, and Terms 5 
 Item 1. Business 6 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 28 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 43 
 Item 2. Properties 43 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 43 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosure 43 
 PART II ITEM 5. Market For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 44 
 ITEM 6. Reserved 46 
 ITEM 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 47 
 ITEM 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 91 
 ITEM 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 94 
 ITEM 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 183 
 ITEM 9A. Controls and Procedures 183 
 ITEM 9B. Other Information 183 
 ITEM 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 183 
 PART III ITEM 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 184 
 ITEM 11. Executive Compensation 184 
 ITEM 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 184 
 ITEM 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 184 
 ITEM 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 184 
 PART IV ITEM 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 184 
 ITEM 16. Form 10-K Summary 186 
 SIGNATURES 187 

3 

PART I 
 
 Forward-Looking Information 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains certain forward-looking statements about the Company and its subsidiaries within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including certain plans, strategies, goals, and projections and including statements about our expectations regarding our operating expenses, profitability, allowance for credit losses, net interest margin, net interest income, deposit growth, loan and lease portfolio growth and production, acquisitions and related integrations, maintaining capital adequacy, liquidity, goodwill, and interest rate risk management. All statements contained in this Form 10-K that are not clearly historical in nature are forward-looking, and the words anticipate, assume, intend, believe, forecast, expect, estimate, plan, continue, will, should, look forward and similar expressions are generally intended to identify forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on these statements as they involve risks, uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond our control, which may cause actual results, performance, or achievements to differ materially from those expressed in them as a result of risks and uncertainties more fully described under Item 1A. Risk Factors. All forward-looking statements included in this Form 10-K are based on information available at the time the statement is made. We are under no obligation to (and expressly disclaim any such obligation to) update or alter our forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise except as required by law. 
 
 Available Information 
 We maintain a website for PacWest Bancorp at http://www.pacwestbancorp.com. Via the SEC Filings link on the website, our Annual Report on Form 10 K, quarterly reports on Form 10 Q, current reports on Form 8 K, including any exhibits attached to such filings, and amendments to such reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, are available, free of charge, as soon as reasonably practicable after such forms are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. The SEC maintains an Internet website at http://www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. You may obtain copies of PacWest s filings on the SEC website. These documents may also be obtained in print upon request by our stockholders to our Investor Relations Department. 
 We have adopted a written Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to all directors, officers and employees, including our principal executive officer and senior financial officers, in accordance with Section 406 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules of the SEC promulgated thereunder and it is available via the Corporate Overview link at PacWest s website in the section titled Corporate Governance. Any changes in, or waivers from, the provisions of this code of ethics that the SEC requires us to disclose are posted on our website in such section. In the Corporate Governance section of our website, we have also posted the charters for our Audit Committee, Compensation and Human Capital Committee, Finance Committee, Nominating and Governance Committee, and Risk Committee, as well as our Corporate Governance Guidelines. In addition, information concerning purchases and sales of our equity securities by our executive officers and directors is posted on PacWest s website. 
 Documents available on PacWest s website are available in print to any stockholder who requests them in writing to our Investor Relations Department at PacWest Bancorp, 9701 Wilshire Blvd., Suite 700, Beverly Hills, CA 90212, Attention: Investor Relations, or via e mail to investor relations@pacwest.com. 
 All website addresses given in this document are for information only and are not intended to be an active link or to incorporate any website information into this document. 
 4 

Glossary of Acronyms, Abbreviations, and Terms 
 The acronyms, abbreviations, and terms listed below are used in various sections of this Form 10-K, including "Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and "Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data." 
 ACL Allowance for Credit Losses FRBSF Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco AFS Available-for-Sale FSOC Financial Stability Oversight Council AFX American Financial Exchange GDP Gross Domestic Product ALLL Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses HOA Business Homeowners Association Services Division of MUFG Union Bank, N.A. (a business acquired on October 8, 2021) ALM Asset Liability Management HTM Held-to Maturity ASC Accounting Standards Codification IRR Interest Rate Risk ASU Accounting Standards Update LIBOR London Inter-bank Offering Rate ATM Automated Teller Machine LIHTC Low Income Housing Tax Credit Basel III A comprehensive capital framework and rules for U.S. banking organizations approved by the FRB and the FDIC in 2013 MBS Mortgage-Backed Securities BHCA Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended MVE Market Value of Equity BOLI Bank Owned Life Insurance NAV Net Asset Value CARES Act Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act NII Net Interest Income CDI Core Deposit Intangible Assets NIM Net Interest Margin CECL Current Expected Credit Loss NSF Non-Sufficient Funds CET1 Common Equity Tier 1 OCC Office of the Comptroller of the Currency CFPB Consumer Financial Protection Bureau OFAC U.S Treasury Department of Office of Foreign Assets Control Civic Civic Financial Services, LLC (a company acquired on February 1, 2021) OREO Other Real Estate Owned CMBS Commercial Mortgage-Backed Securities PPP Paycheck Protection Program CMOs Collateralized Mortgage Obligations PRSUs Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units Core Deposits Includes noninterest-bearing checking accounts, interest checking accounts, money market accounts, and savings accounts PWAM Pacific Western Asset Management Inc. COVID-19 Coronavirus Disease S P Standard Poor's CPI Consumer Price Index ROU Right-of-use CRA Community Reinvestment Act SBA Small Business Administration CRI Customer Relationship Intangible Assets SBIC Small Business Investment Company DFPI California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation SEC Securities and Exchange Commission DGCL Delaware General Corporation Law SNCs Shared National Credits Dodd-Frank Act Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act SOFR Secured Overnight Financing Rate DTAs Deferred Tax Assets Tax Equivalent Net Interest Income Net interest income reflecting adjustments related to tax-exempt interest on certain loans and investment securities Efficiency Ratio Noninterest expense (less intangible asset amortization, net foreclosed assets expense (income), goodwill impairment, and acquisition, integration and reorganization costs) divided by net revenues (the sum of tax equivalent net interest income plus noninterest income, less gain/loss on sale of securities and gain/loss on sales of assets other than loans and leases) Tax Equivalent NIM NIM reflecting adjustments related to tax-exempt interest on certain loans and investment securities FASB Financial Accounting Standards Board TDRs Troubled Debt Restructurings FDIA Federal Deposit Insurance Act TRSAs Time-Based Restricted Stock Awards FDIC Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation TruPS Trust Preferred Securities FDICIA Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act U.S. GAAP U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles FHLB Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco VIE Variable Interest Entity FRB Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System 
 5 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 
 General 
 PacWest Bancorp, a Delaware corporation, is a bank holding company registered under the BHCA and headquartered in Los Angeles, California, with an executive office in Denver, Colorado. Our principal business is to serve as the holding company for our wholly-owned subsidiary, Pacific Western Bank. References to "Pacific Western" or the "Bank" refer to Pacific Western Bank together with its wholly-owned subsidiaries. References to "we," "us," or the "Company" refer to PacWest Bancorp together with its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. When we refer to "PacWest" or to the "holding company," we are referring to PacWest Bancorp, the parent company, on a stand-alone basis. 
 The Bank is a relationship-based community bank focused on providing business banking and treasury management services to small, middle-market, and venture-backed businesses. The Bank offers a broad range of loan and lease and deposit products and services through full-service branches throughout California and in Durham, North Carolina and Denver, Colorado, and loan production offices around the country. 
 PacWest Bancorp was established in October 1999 and has achieved strong market positions by developing and maintaining extensive local relationships in the communities we serve. By leveraging our business model, service-driven focus, and presence in attractive markets, as well as maintaining a highly efficient operating model and robust approach to risk management, we have achieved significant and profitable growth, both organically and through disciplined acquisitions. We have successfully completed 31 acquisitions since 2000, including the Civic acquisition on February 1, 2021 and the HOA Business acquisition on October 8, 2021, which have contributed to our growth and expanded our market presence throughout the United States. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had total assets of 41.2 billion, total loans and leases, net of deferred fees, of 28.7 billion, total deposits of 33.9 billion, and stockholders equity of 4.0 billion. 
 
 Our Business Strategy 
 Our business strategy is to operate a client-focused, well-capitalized and profitable nationwide bank dedicated to providing personal service to our business and individual customers. We believe that stable, long-term growth and profitability are the result of building strong customer relationships while maintaining disciplined credit underwriting standards. We continue to focus on originating high-quality loans and leases and growing our low-cost deposit base through our relationship-based business lending. These principles enable us to maintain operational efficiency, increase profitability, increase core deposits, and grow loans and leases in a sound manner. 
 Our loan and lease portfolio consists primarily of real estate mortgage loans, real estate construction and land loans, and commercial loans and leases. We pursue attractive growth opportunities to expand and enter new markets aligned with our business model and strategic plans. Additionally, we focus on cultivating strong relationships with venture capital and private equity firms nationwide, many of which are also our clients and/or may invest in our clients. 
 Our reputation, expertise, and relationship-based business banking model enable us to deepen our relationships with our customers. We leverage our relationships with existing customers by providing access to an array of our products and services, including attracting deposits from and offering cash management solutions to our loan and lease customers. We competitively price our deposit products to meet the needs of our customers with a view to maximizing our share of each customer's financial services business and prudently managing our cost of funds. 
 Focusing on operational efficiency is critical to our profitability and future growth. We carefully manage our cost structure and continuously refine and implement internal processes and systems to create further efficiencies to enhance our earnings. 
 Our management team has extensive expertise and a successful track record in evaluating, executing and integrating attractive, franchise-enhancing acquisitions. We have successfully completed 31 acquisitions since 2000, including the Civic acquisition on February 1, 2021 and the HOA Business acquisition on October 8, 2021. We will continue to consider acquisitions that are consistent with our business strategy and financial model as opportunities arise. 
 6 

In January 2023, we announced a new strategic plan to strengthen our community bank focus, exiting non-core products and services, and improving our operational efficiency. Specifically, the Company made the decision to wind down operations in our premium finance and multi-family lending groups in the fourth quarter of 2022, as discussed below under Lending Activities. In addition, the Company is restructuring Civic, a lending subsidiary, to improve its profitability and risk profile. These actions align with our strategy to focus on relationship-based community banking and to improve capital, liquidity, and operational efficiency. 
 We are focused on specific financial performance metrics that we believe are achievable and where the Company should perform over time: 
 Build capital to CET1 10 + 
 Low cost demand deposits equal to 40 of portfolio 
 Return on assets ("ROA") of 1.50 
 Efficiency ratio of 45 
 Nonperforming assets ratio less than 50 basis points 
 Top quartile earnings per share ("EPS") growth 
 
 Depository Products and Services 
 Deposits are our primary source of funds to support our interest-earning assets and provide a source of stable low-cost funds and deposit-related fee income. We offer traditional deposit products to businesses and other customers with a variety of rates and terms, including demand, money market, and time deposits. We also provide international banking services, multi-state deposit services, and asset management services. The Bank s deposits are insured by the FDIC up to statutory limits. 
 Our branch network allows us to gather deposits, expand our brand presence and service our customers banking and cash management needs. We also serve our customers through a wide range of non-branch channels, including online, mobile, remote deposit, and telephone banking platforms, all of which allows us to expand our service area to attract new depositors without a commensurate increase in branch locations or branch traffic. 
 At December 31, 2022, we had ATMs at 52 of our branches located in California and one A TM a t our branch in Denver, Colorado. We are a member of the MoneyPass network that enables our customers to withdraw cash surcharge-free and service charge-free at over 40,000 ATM locations across the country. We provide access to customer accounts via a 24 hour seven-day-a-week, toll-free, automated telephone customer service and secure online banking services. 
 At December 31, 2022, our total deposits consisted of 26.6 billion in core deposits, 4.7 billion in time deposits, and 2.6 billion in wholesale non-maturity deposits. Core deposits represented 78 of total deposits at December 31, 2022, and were comprised of 11.2 billion in noninterest-bearing deposits, 7.8 billion in money market accounts, 7.0 billion in interest-bearing checking accounts, and 577.6 million in savings accounts. Our deposit base is also diversified by client type. As of December 31, 2022, no individual depositor represented more than 1.5 of our total deposits, and our top ten depositors represented 9.1 of our total deposits. 
 We face strong competition in gathering deposits from nationwide, regional, and community banks, credit unions, money market funds, brokerage firms and other non-bank financial services companies that target the same customers as we do. We actively compete for deposits and emphasize solicitation of noninterest-bearing deposits. We seek to provide a higher level of personal service than our larger competitors, many of whom have more assets, capital and resources than we do and who may be able to conduct more intensive and broader based promotional efforts to reach potential customers. Our cost of funds fluctuates with market interest rates and may be affected by higher rates being offered by other financial institutions. In certain interest rate environments, additional significant competition for deposits may be expected to arise from corporate and government debt securities and money market mutual funds. Competition for deposits is also affected by the ease with which customers can transfer deposits from one institution to another. 
 7 

Client Investment Funds 
 In addition to deposit products, we also offer select clients non-depository cash investment options through PWAM, our SEC registered investment adviser subsidiary, and third-party money market sweep products. PWAM provides customized investment advisory and asset management solutions. At December 31, 2022, total off-balance sheet client investment funds were 1.4 billion, of which 0.9 billion was managed by PWAM. At December 31, 2021, total off-balance sheet client investment funds were 1.4 billion, of which 0.9 billion was managed by PWAM. 
 
 Lending Activities 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, total loans and leases held for investment, net of deferred fees, were 28.6 billion and 22.9 billion. Our lending activities include real estate mortgage loans, real estate construction loans, commercial loans and leases, purchased single-family residential mortgage loans, and a small amount of consumer loans. Our commercial real estate loans and real estate construction loans are secured by a variety of property types. Included in our commercial real estate loans and real estate construction loans are business-purpose loans secured by non-owner-occupied residential investment properties provided by Civic, a wholly-owned subsidiary. Our commercial loans and leases portfolio is diverse and includes various asset-secured loans, equipment-secured loans and leases, venture capital loans to support venture capital firms operations and the operations of entrepreneurial and venture-backed companies, loans to finance life insurance premiums, and business loans originated through our Community Banking group. 
 In October 2019, we ceased originating new security monitoring loans and healthcare real estate loans in our National Lending group. At December 31, 2022, there were no outstanding security monitoring loans, and there were 44.0 million of National Lending healthcare real estate loans. During the fourth quarter of 2022, we decided to cease originating new loans to finance life insurance premiums and will allow these loans to repay upon maturities. 
 We price loans to preserve our interest spread and maintain our net interest margin. Loan interest rates may be floating, fixed, or a combination thereof hybrid throughout the loan term. The rates on hybrid loans typically are fixed until a reset date when the rates then become floating. While we do not actively solicit direct consumer loans, we hold consumer loans, consisting primarily of purchased single-family residential mortgage loans and purchased private student loans for which the servicing is outsourced. We also have an exposure to consumer loans that are collateral for many of our lender finance loans. 
 Some of our loans are participations in larger loans, and these participations may be considered shared national credits. A SNC is any loan or commitment to extend credit aggregating 100 million or more at origination, committed under a formal lending arrangement, and shared by three or more unaffiliated supervised institutions. The SNC program is governed by an inter-agency agreement among the FRB, the FDIC, and the OCC. These agencies review a selection of SNCs periodically, with such review conducted at the lead or agent bank, and deliver a credit risk rating to the participants holding the loans. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had SNC loans held for investment to 20 borrowers that totaled 530 million and to 21 borrowers that totaled 531 million. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, SNC loans held for investment comprised 1.9 and 2.3 of total loans and leases held for investment, net of deferred fees. 
 Real Estate Mortgage Loans and Real Estate Construction and Land Loans 
 Our real estate lending activities focus primarily on loans to professional developers and real estate investors for the acquisition, construction, refinancing, renovation, and on-going operation of commercial real estate. We also provide commercial real estate loans to borrowers operating businesses at these sites (owner occupied commercial real estate loans), including loans to municipalities, schools and school districts, and non-profit borrowers as part of our tax-exempt lending business line. 
 8 

Our real estate secured loans include the following specific lending products: 
 Commercial real estate mortgage . Our commercial real estate mortgage loans generally are collateralized by first deeds of trust on specific commercial properties. The most prevalent types of properties securing our commercial real estate loans are office properties, hotels, retail properties, and industrial properties. The properties are typically located in central business districts across the United States with a significant concentration of collateral properties located in California within our branch footprint. Our commercial real estate loans typically either have interest and principal payments due on an amortization schedule ranging from 25 to 30 years with a lump sum balloon payment due in one to ten years or may have an initial interest-only period followed by an amortization schedule with a lump sum balloon payment due in one to ten years. We also provide commercial real estate secured loans under the SBA's 7(a) Program and 504 Program. Compliant SBA 7(a) loans have an SBA guaranty for 75 of the principal balance. SBA 504 loans are first deed of trust mortgage loans on owner occupied commercial real estate which are 50 loan-to-value at origination where a second deed of trust is also provided by a non-profit certified development company. The SBA 7(a) and 504 mortgage loans repay on a twenty-five year amortization schedule. 
 Residential real estate mortgage . Our residential real estate mortgage loans generally are collateralized by first deeds of trust on multi-family and other residential properties. Multi-family properties comprised 49 of our residential real estate mortgage loans at December 31, 2022. Other types of properties securing these loans include non-owner occupied for-rent residential properties, owner-occupied single-family properties, and mobile home parks. During 2022 and prior years, we directly originated and purchased from other banks multi-family secured real estate mortgage loans. During December 2022, we decided to curtail the amount of multi-family secured real estate mortgage loans we originate and to no longer purchase these loans. Multi-family loans either repay on a 30-year amortization schedule or may have an initial interest-only period (up to two years) and then repay on a 30-year amortization schedule. During 2022 and prior years, we purchased single-family residential mortgage loans that met our established lending criteria from multiple third-party lenders. Civic, a lending subsidiary, originates business-purpose loans to real estate investors for short-term bridge loans, longer-term loans secured by for-rent residential properties, and, to a lesser extent, loans on multi-family properties. 
 Real estate construction and land . Our real estate construction and land loans generally are collateralized by first deeds of trust on specific residential and commercial properties. The most prevalent types of properties securing our construction and land loans are multi-family, residential properties undergoing a substantial renovation, and office properties (primarily medical office and life science space). Construction loans typically finance from 60 to 65 of the cost to construct residential and commercial properties. The terms are generally one to three years with short-term, performance-based extension options. Civic, a lending subsidiary, originates business-purpose loans secured by non-owner-occupied residential properties undergoing renovation. 
 Our real estate portfolio is subject to certain risks including, but not limited to, the following: 
 increased competition in pricing and loan structure; 
 the economic conditions of the United States and in the markets where we lend; 
 decreased demand or decreased values as a result of legislative changes such as new rent control laws, and permanent shifts in corporate work environment such as remote working and consumer behavior such as online retail; 
 interest rate increases; 
 decreased commercial and residential real estate values in the markets where we lend; 
 the borrower's inability to repay our loan due to decreased cash flow or operating losses; 
 the borrower s inability to refinance or payoff our loan upon maturity; 
 loss of our loan principal stemming from a collateral foreclosure; and 
 various environmental risks, including natural disasters. 
 9 

In addition to the points above, real estate construction loans are also subject to project-specific risks including, but not limited to, the following: 
 construction costs being more than anticipated; 
 construction taking longer than anticipated; 
 failure by developers and contractors to meet project specifications or timelines; 
 disagreement between contractors, subcontractors and developers; 
 estimated value and/or demand for completed projects being less than anticipated, particularly in a weaker economy or recession; and 
 buyers of the completed projects not being able to secure permanent financing. 
 Many of the risks outlined above result from market conditions and are not controllable by us. When considering the markets in which to pursue real estate loans, we consider the market conditions, our current loan portfolio concentrations by property type and by market, and our past experiences with the borrower, within the specific market, and with the property type. 
 When underwriting real estate loans, we seek to mitigate risk by using the following framework: 
 requiring borrowers to invest and maintain a meaningful cash equity interest in the properties securing our loans; 
 reviewing each loan request and renewal individually; 
 using a credit committee approval process for the approval of loan requests (or aggregated credit exposures) over a certain dollar amount; 
 adhering to written loan acceptance standards, including among other factors, maximum loan to acquisition or construction cost ratios, maximum loan to as-is or stabilized value ratios, and minimum operating cash flow requirements; 
 considering market rental and occupancy rates relative to our underwritten or projected rental and occupancy rates; 
 considering the experience of our borrowers and our borrowers abilities to operate and manage the properties securing our loans; 
 evaluating the supply of comparable real estate and new supply under construction in the collateral's market area; 
 obtaining independent third-party appraisals that are reviewed by our appraisal department; 
 obtaining environmental risk assessments; and 
 obtaining seismic studies where appropriate. 
 With respect to real estate construction loans, in addition to the points above, we attempt to mitigate project-specific risks by: 
 considering the experience of our borrowers and our borrowers abilities to manage the properties during construction and into the stabilization periods; 
 obtaining project completion guaranties from our borrowers; 
 including covenants in our construction loan agreements that require the borrowers to fund costs that exceed the initial construction budgets; 
 implementing a controlled disbursement process for loan proceeds in accordance with an agreed upon schedule, which usually results in the borrowers' equity being invested before loan advances commence and which ensures the costs to complete the projects are in balance with our remaining unfunded loan commitments; 
 conducting project site visits and using construction consultants who review the progress of the project; and 
 monitoring the construction costs compared to the budgeted costs and the remaining costs to complete. 
 SBA 7(a) and 504 program loans are subject to the risks outlined above and the risk that an SBA 7(a) guaranty may be invalid if specific SBA procedures are not followed. We mitigate this risk by adhering to SBA requirements. 
 10 

Commercial Loans and Leases 
 Our commercial loans and leases portfolio is diverse and includes various asset-secured loans, equipment-secured loans and leases, venture capital loans to support venture capital firms operations and the operations of entrepreneurial and venture-backed companies, loans to finance life insurance premiums, and business loans originated through our Community Banking group. 
 Our commercial loans and leases include the following specific lending products: 
 Lender finance . These are loans to companies used to purchase finance receivables or extend finance receivables to the underlying obligors and are secured primarily by the finance receivables owed to our borrowers. The borrowers include lenders to small businesses, commercial real estate lenders, consumer lenders, and timeshare operators. The primary sources of repayment are the operating incomes of the borrowers and the collection of the finance receivables securing the loans. The loans are typically revolving lines of credit with terms of one to three years with contractual borrowing availability as a percentage of eligible collateral. 
 Equipment finance . These are loans and leases used to purchase equipment essential to the operations of our borrowers or lessees. Equipment finance loans are secured by the equipment financed, and we own and lease the equipment to the lessees. The primary source of repayment is the operating income of the borrower or lessee. The loan and lease terms are two to ten years and generally amortize to either a full repayment or residual balance or investment that is expected to be collected through a sale of the equipment to the lessee or a third party. 
 Premium finance . These are loans used to finance annual life insurance premiums and are fully secured by the corresponding cash surrender values of the life insurance contracts and other collateral. The loans have one year terms and generally renew annually. The primary sources of repayment are the cash flow of the borrowers and guarantors, repayment from our loans being refinanced by other lenders, or the application of cash surrender value proceeds to the loans. During the fourth quarter of 2022, we decided to cease originating new loans to finance life insurance premiums and will allow these loans to repay upon maturities. 
 Other asset-based . These are loans used for working capital and are secured by trade accounts receivable and/or inventories. The primary sources of repayment are the operating incomes of the borrowers, the collection of the receivables securing the loans, and/or the sale of the inventories securing the loans. The loans are typically revolving lines of credit with terms of one to three years with contractual borrowing availability as a percentage of eligible collateral. 
 Venture capital . These are loans directly to venture capital firms or loans to venture-backed companies. Equity fund loans are the loans made directly to venture capital firms, private equity funds, venture capital funds, and venture capital management companies to provide a bridge to the receipt of capital calls and to support the borrowers working capital needs, such as the cost of raising a new venture fund or leasehold improvements for new office space. The primary sources of repayment are receipt of capital calls, proceeds from sales of portfolio company investments, and management fees. The loan terms are generally one to four years, and the loans are typically secured by a first position lien on the assets of the business, an assignment of capital call rights and/or an assignment of management fees. Loans to venture-backed companies support the borrowers operations, including operating losses, working capital requirements, and fixed asset acquisitions. The borrowers are at various stages in their development (early, expansion, or late), and are, generally, reporting operating losses. The primary sources of repayment are future additional venture capital equity investments or the sale of the company or its assets. The loan terms are generally one to four years, and the loans are typically secured by a first priority, secured blanket lien on all corporate assets and/or a lien on intellectual property. 
 Secured business . These are secured business loans originated through the Community Banking group. The primary source of repayment is the cash flow of the borrowers. The loans can be up to five years and are secured by a specific asset or assets of the borrower. 
 11 

Other lending . Loans aggregated into the category of Other lending are various commercial loan types including Community Banking group business loans, loans to homeowner associations, loans to municipalities and non-profit borrowers, and SBA 7(a) loans for small business expansion. The primary sources of repayments for the Community Banking group business loans, non-profit borrowers, and SBA 7(a) business expansion loans are the operations of the borrowers. The primary sources of repayment for loans to municipalities are tax collections from their tax jurisdictions. 
 Our portfolio of commercial loans and leases is subject to certain risks including, but not limited to, the following: 
 the economic conditions of the United States; 
 interest rate increases; 
 deterioration of the value of the underlying collateral; 
 increased competition in pricing and loan structure; 
 the deterioration of a borrower s or guarantor s financial capabilities; and 
 various environmental risks, including natural disasters, which can negatively affect a borrower s business. 
 When underwriting commercial loans and leases, we seek to mitigate risk by using the following framework: 
 considering the prospects for the borrower's industry and competition; 
 considering our past experience with the borrower and with the collateral type; 
 considering our current loan and lease portfolio concentration by loan type and collateral type; 
 reviewing each loan request and renewal individually; 
 using our credit committee approval process for the approval of each loan request (or aggregate credit exposure) over a certain dollar amount; and 
 adhering to written loan underwriting policies and procedures including, among other factors, loan structures and covenants. 
 We actively manage real estate and commercial loans and seek to mitigate credit risk on most loans by using the following framework: 
 monitoring the economic conditions in the regions or areas in which our borrowers are operating; 
 measuring operating performance of our borrower or collateral and comparing it to our underwriting expectations; 
 assessing compliance with financial and operating covenants as set forth in our loan agreements and considering the effects of incidences of noncompliance and taking corrective actions; 
 assigning a credit risk rating to each loan and ensuring the accuracy of our credit risk ratings by using an independent credit review function to assess the appropriateness of the credit risk ratings assigned to loans; 
 conducting loan portfolio review meetings where senior management and members of credit administration discuss the credit status and related action plans on loans with unfavorable credit risk ratings; and 
 subjecting loan modifications and loan renewal requests to underwriting and assessment standards similar to the underwriting and assessment standards applied before closing the loans. 
 12 

Consumer Loans 
 Consumer loans are primarily purchased private student loans originated and serviced by third-parties and not guaranteed by any program of the U.S. Government. These loans refinanced the outstanding student loan debt of borrowers who met certain underwriting criteria, with terms that fully amortize the debt over terms ranging from five to twenty years. Consumer loans internally originated may also include personal loans, auto loans, home equity lines of credit, revolving lines of credit, and other loans typically made by banks to individual borrowers. 
 Our consumer loan portfolio is subject to certain risks, including, but not limited to, the following: 
 the economic conditions of the United States and the levels of unemployment; 
 the amount of credit offered to consumers in the market; 
 interest rate increases; 
 consumer bankruptcy laws which allow consumers to discharge certain debts (excluding student loans); 
 compliance with consumer lending regulations; 
 additional regulations and oversight by the CFPB; and 
 the ability of the sub-servicers of the Bank s student loans to service the loans in accordance with the terms of the loan purchase agreements. 
 We seek to mitigate the exposure to such risks through the direct approval of all internally originated consumer loans by reviewing each new loan request and each renewal individually and adhering to written credit policies. Each purchased pool of loans must meet thresholds we have established for weighted average credit scores, weighted average borrower annual income, and weighted average borrower monthly free cash flow. For all purchased student loans, we monitor the performance of the originator and the enforcement of our rights under the loan purchase agreement. 
 13 

Loan Concentrations 
 The following table presents the composition of our loans and leases held for investment, net of deferred fees, by loan portfolio segment and class as of the dates indicated: 
 December 31, 2022 2021 2020 of 
 of 
 of 
 Balance Total 
 Balance Total 
 Balance Total 
 (Dollars in thousands) Real estate mortgage: Commercial 3,846,831 13 3,762,299 17 4,096,671 21 Residential 11,396,781 40 7,416,421 32 3,803,265 20 Total real estate mortgage 15,243,612 53 11,178,720 49 7,899,936 41 Real estate construction and land: Commercial 898,592 3 832,591 4 1,117,121 6 Residential 3,740,292 13 2,604,536 11 2,243,160 12 Total real estate construction and land (1) 
 4,638,884 16 3,437,127 15 3,360,281 18 Total real estate 19,882,496 69 14,615,847 64 11,260,217 59 Commercial: Asset-based 5,140,209 18 4,075,477 18 3,429,283 18 Venture capital 2,033,302 7 2,320,593 10 1,698,508 9 Other commercial (2) 
 1,108,451 4 1,471,981 6 2,375,114 12 Total commercial 8,281,962 29 7,868,051 34 7,502,905 39 Consumer 444,671 2 457,650 2 320,255 2 Total loans and leases held for investment, net of deferred fees 28,609,129 100 22,941,548 100 19,083,377 100 
 _______________________________________ 
 (1) Includes land and acquisition and development loans of 153.5 million at December 31, 2022, 151.8 million at December 31, 2021, and 167.1 million at December 31, 2020. 
 (2) Includes PPP loans of 10.2 million at December 31, 2022, 156.7 million at December 31, 2021, and 1.1 billion at December 31, 2020. 
 The real estate mortgage loan portfolio is diversified among various property types. At December 31, 2022, the three largest property types securing real estate mortgage loans were multi-family properties, single-family residential properties, and office properties, which comprised 37 , 36 , and 6 of our real estate mortgage loans, respectively. At December 31, 2021, the three largest property types securing real estate mortgage loans were multi-family properties, single-family residential properties, and office properties, which comprised 35 , 29 and 10 of our real estate mortgage loans, respectively. 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, 7 , and 9 of the total commercial real estate mortgage loans were owner occupied (where our borrowers were operating businesses on the premises that collateralize our loans). 
 The real estate construction and land loan portfolio is diversified among various property types. At December 31, 2022, the three largest property types for real estate construction and land loans were multi-family properties, single-family residential construction and renovation properties, and industrial/warehouse properties, which comprised 64 , 12 , and 5 of our real estate construction and land loans, respectively. At December 31, 2021, the three largest property types for real estate construction and land loans were multi-family properties, single-family residential construction and renovation properties, and hotel properties, which comprised 50 , 15 , and 9 of our real estate construction and land loans, respectively. 
 14 

At December 31, 2022, commitments secured by real estate construction and land projects totaled 10.9 billion with related outstanding loan balances of 4.6 billion. At December 31, 2021, commitments secured by real estate constr uction and land projects totaled 7.7 billion with related outstanding l oan balances of 3.4 billion. At December 31, 2022, commitments related to construction and land projects in California totaled 5.0 billion or 46 of total real estate construction and land commitments, and commitments related to construction and land projects in New York City totaled 1.2 billion or 11 of total real estate construction and land commitments. 
 At December 31, 2022, there were 20 individual real estate construction and land commitments greater than or equal to 100 million with the largest commitment being 233 million. At December 31, 2022, these 20 individual commitments totaled 2.6 billion and had an aggregate outstanding balance of 941 million. The projects financed by these commitments are 14 multi-family projects, two industrial projects, one medical office project, one life science office property, one condominium project, and one line of credit under which the borrower acquires residential properties that the borrower renovates and sells. For these 20 commitments, the average commitment to budgeted project cost ratio was 59.7 . 
 At December 31, 2021, there were 13 individual real estate construction and land commitments greater than or equal to 100 million with the largest commitment being 181 million. At December 31, 2021 , these 13 individual commitments totaled 1.6 billion and had an aggregate outstanding balance of 587 million. The projects financed by these commitments were nine multi-family projects, one condominium project, one mixed use property, one life science office property, and one industrial project. For these 13 commitments, the average commitment to budgeted project cost ratio was 56.4 . 
 At December 31, 2022, we had 19 individual loan commitments greater than or equal to 150 million that ranged in size from 150 million to 500 million and totaled 4.4 billion and had an aggregate outstanding balance of 1.9 billion. Seven of these commitments totaling 1.9 billion were equity fund loans, six of these commitments totaling 1.4 billion were lender finance loans, two of these commitments totaling 363 million were residential construction lo ans, one of these commitments totaling 233 million was a medical office construction loan, one of these commitments totaling 200 million was a line of credit, one of these commitments totaling 175 million was a loan secured by a multi-family property, and one of these commitments totaling 150 million was a loan secured by a studio office complex. 
 At December 31, 2021, we had 13 individual loan commitments equal to or greater than 150 million that ranged in size from 150 million to 500 million and totaled 3.3 billion and had an aggregate outstanding balance of 1.5 billion. Six of these commitments totaling 1.9 billion were equity fund loans, four of these commitments totaling 854 million were lender finance loans, and one of these commitments totaling 181 million was a residential construction loan, one of these commitments totaling 175 million was a loan secured by a multi-family property, and one of these commitments totaling 150 million was a loan secured by a studio office complex. 
 
 Financing 
 We depend on deposits and external financing sources to fund our operations. We employ a variety of financing arrangements, including term debt, subordinated debt, and equity. As a member of the FHLB, the Bank had secured financing capacity with the FHLB as of December 31, 2022 of 5.8 billion, collateralized by a blanket lien on 7.0 billion of qualifying loans and 2.1 billion of securities. The Bank also had secured financing capacity with the FRBSF of 2.5 billion as of December 31, 2022 collateralized by liens on 3.1 billion of qualifying loans. 
 
 Information Technology Systems 
 We devote significant financial and management resources to maintain stable, reliable, efficient, secure and scalable information technology systems. Where possible, we utilize third-party software systems that are hosted and supported by nationally recognized vendors. We work with our third-party vendors to monitor and maximize the efficiency of our use of their applications. We use integrated systems to originate and process loans and deposit accounts, which reduces processing time, automates numerous internal controls, improves customer experiences and reduces costs. Most customer records are maintained digitally. We also provide online, mobile, and telephone banking services to further improve the overall client experience. 
 We use an enterprise data warehouse system in order to aggregate, analyze, and report key metrics associated with our customers and products. Data is collected across multiple systems so that standard and ad hoc reports are available to assist with managing our business. 
 15 

We maintain an information technology strategic plan. This plan defines the overall innovation and technology agenda and vision, tracks information technology and information security trends and priorities, and provides details on information technology initiatives over the next several years. Through our annual information technology budgeting process, we analyze our infrastructure for capacity planning, detail migration plans to replace aging hardware and software, and resource plan for internal and external information technology staffing needs against planned initiatives. 
 Protecting our systems to ensure the safety of customer information is critical to our business. We use multiple layers of protection to control access, detect unusual activity and reduce risk. We regularly conduct a variety of audits and vulnerability and penetration tests on our platforms, systems and applications and maintain comprehensive incident response plans to minimize potential risks, including cyber-attacks. To protect our business operations against disasters, we have a backup off-site core processing system and comprehensive recovery plans. 
 
 Risk Oversight and Management 
 We believe risk management is another core competency of our business. We have a comprehensive risk management process that measures, monitors, evaluates, and manages the risks we assume in conducting our activities. Our oversight of this risk management process is conducted by the Company s Board of Directors (the Board and its standing committees. The committees each report to the Board and the Board has overall oversight responsibility for risk management. 
 Our risk framework is structured to guide decisions regarding the appropriate balance between risk and return considerations in our business. Our risk framework is based upon our business strategy, risk appetite, and financial plans approved by our Board. Our risk framework is supported by an enterprise risk management program. Our enterprise risk management program integrates all risk efforts under one common framework. This framework includes risk policies, procedures, measured and reported limits and targets, and reporting. Our Board approves our risk appetite statement, which sets forth the amount and type of risks we are willing to accept in pursuit of achieving our strategic, business, and financial objectives. Our risk appetite statement provides the context for our risk management tools, including, among others, risk policies, delegated authorities, limits, portfolio composition, underwriting standards, and operational processes. 
 
 Competition 
 The banking business is highly competitive. We compete nationwide with other commercial banks and financial services institutions for loans and leases, deposits, and employees. Some of these competitors are larger in total assets and capitalization, with more offices over a wider geographic area and offer a broader range of financial services than our operations. Our most direct competition for loans comes from larger regional and national banks, diversified finance companies, venture debt funds, and community banks that target the same customers as we do. In recent years, competition has increased from institutions not subject to the same regulatory restrictions as domestic banks and bank holding companies. Those competitors include non-bank specialty lenders, insurance companies, private investment funds, investment banks, financial technology companies, and other financial and non-financial institutions. 
 Competition is based on a number of factors, including interest rates charged on loans and leases and paid on deposits, underwriting standards, loan covenants, required guarantees, the scope and type of banking and financial services offered, convenience of our branch locations, customer service, technological changes, and regulatory constraints. Many of our competitors are large companies that have substantial capital, technological, and marketing resources. Some of our competitors have substantial market positions and have access to a lower cost of capital or a less expensive source of funds. Because of economies of scale, our larger, nationwide competitors may offer loan pricing that is more attractive than what we are willing to offer. 
 Economic factors, along with legislative and technological changes, will have an ongoing impact on the competitive environment within the financial services industry. We work to anticipate and adapt to dynamic competitive conditions whether it is by developing and marketing innovative products and services, adopting or developing new technologies that differentiate our products and services, cross marketing, or providing highly personalized banking services. We strive to distinguish ourselves from other banks and financial services providers in our marketplace by providing an extremely high level of service to enhance customer loyalty and to attract and retain business. 

16 

We differentiate ourselves in the marketplace through the quality of service we provide to borrowers while maintaining competitive interest rates, loan fees and other loan terms. We emphasize personalized relationship banking services and the efficient decision-making of our lending business units. We compete effectively based on our in-depth knowledge of our borrowers' industries and their business needs based upon information received from our borrowers' key decision-makers, analysis by our experienced professionals, and interaction between these two groups; our breadth of loan product offerings and flexible and creative approach to structuring products that meet our borrowers' business and timing needs; and our dedication to superior client service. However, we can provide no assurance as to the effectiveness of these efforts on our future business or results of operations, as to our continued ability to anticipate and adapt to changing conditions, and as to sufficiently improving our services and banking products in order to successfully compete in the marketplace. 
 
 Human Capital Management 
 Our business strategy is to operate a client-focused, well-capitalized and profitable nationwide bank dedicated to providing personal service to our business and individual customers. Our employees are our most important assets and they set the foundation for our ability to achieve our strategic objectives. We believe that we have a competitive advantage in the markets we serve because of our long-standing reputation for providing superior, relationship-based customer service. In order to continue to provide the expertise and customer service for which we are known, it is crucial that we continue to attract, retain, and develop top talent. To facilitate talent attraction and retention, we strive to make the Bank a diverse, inclusive, and safe workplace, with opportunities for our employees to grow and advance in their careers, supported by strong compensation, benefits, and health and wellness programs. 
 Oversight and Management 
 We strive to attract, develop, and retain highly qualified employees for each role in the organization. Working under this principle, our Human Resources Department is tasked with managing employment-related matters, including recruiting and hiring, onboarding and training, compensation planning, performance management, and professional development. Our Board of Directors and Board Compensation and Human Capital Committee provide oversight on certain human capital matters, including our compensation and benefit programs. As noted in its charter, our Compensation and Human Capital Committee is responsible for periodically reviewing employee compensation programs and initiatives to ensure they are competitive and aligned with our stockholders long-term interests, including incentives and benefits, as well as our succession planning and strategies. Our Compensation and Human Capital Committee also works closely with the Risk Committee to monitor current and emerging human capital management risks and to mitigate exposure to those risks. 
 Demographics 
 At December 31, 2022, we had 2,438 full-time, part-time, and temporary employees, the overwhelming majority of which were full-time employees. None of the Company s employees are represented by a labor union or by collective bargaining agreements. During 2022, the number of employees increased by approximately 9.7 due primarily to the growth in Civic's operations and additions to support our technology initiatives. During 2022, our employee turnover rate was approximately 14.1 . The average tenure of our full-time employees is 6.7 years. 
 At December 31, 2022, the composition of our workforce was categorized as follows: 
 Gender 
 of Total 
 Women 
 57 Men 43 
 Ethnicity 
 of Total 
 Asian 
 13 Black or African American 
 8 Hispanic or Latino 
 28 Native Hawaiian or other Pacific Islander 1 Two or more races 
 3 White 
 47 
 
 17 

Human Capital Management Objectives 
 Our key human capital management objectives are to attract, retain, and develop the highest quality talent. To support these objectives, our human resources programs are designed to develop talent to prepare them for critical roles and leadership positions for the future, reward and support employees through competitive pay, benefit, and perquisite programs, enhance the Company s culture through efforts aimed at making the workplace more engaging and inclusive, acquire talent, and facilitate internal talent mobility to create a high-performing, diverse workforce, and evolve and invest in technology, tools and resources to enable employees to effectively and efficiently perform their responsibilities and achieve their full potential. 
 Some examples of key programs and initiatives that are focused to attract, develop and retain our workforce include: 
 Compensation and benefits. The philosophy and objectives underlying our compensation programs are to employ and retain talented employees to ensure we execute on our business goals, drive short- and long-term profitable growth of the Company, and create long-term stockholder value. In allocating total compensation, we seek to provide competitive levels of fixed compensation (base salary) and, through annual and long-term incentives, provide for increased total compensation when performance objectives are exceeded and appropriately lower total compensation if performance objectives are not met. Specifically: 
 We provide employee wages that are competitive and consistent with employee positions, skill levels, experience, knowledge and geographic location. As of December 31, 2022, our minimum starting wage is 20 per hour. 
 We engage nationally recognized outside compensation and benefits consulting firms to independently evaluate the effectiveness of our compensation and benefit programs and to provide benchmarking against our peers within the industry. These reviews have resulted in our reducing the employee cost of our health insurance for our plans and increasing our 401(k) match to be more in-line with our peers and making the match fully vested immediately. 
 We align our executives long-term equity compensation with our stockholders interests by linking realizable pay with Company performance. 
 Annual increases and incentive compensation are based on merit, which is communicated to employees at the time of hiring and documented through our talent management process as part of our annual review procedures and upon internal transfer and/or promotion. 
 All full-time employees are eligible for health insurance (medical, dental, and vision), paid and unpaid leaves, a 401(k) plan with Company matching, life and disability/accident coverage, enhanced mental health offerings, and employee assistance programs. We also offer a variety of voluntary benefits that allow employees to select the options that meet their personal and family needs, including health savings and flexible spending accounts, paid parental leave, public transportation reimbursement, personalized wellness programs and a tuition reimbursement program. 
 Health, Safety and Wellness. The health, safety, and wellness of our employees is fundamentally connected to the success of our business. We provide our employees and their families with access to a variety of flexible, convenient and innovative health and wellness programs to help them improve or maintain their physical and mental well-being. The safety of our employees and customers is paramount. We strive to ensure that all employees feel safe in their respective work environment. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we implemented significant changes that we determined were in the best interest of our employees, as well as the communities in which we operate, and which comply with government regulations. This included having the vast majority of our non-branch employees work from home, while implementing additional safety measures and paying special bonuses for employees continuing critical on-site work. In 2021, we introduced an employer-paid mental wellness support benefit provided by a leading external service provider. 

18 

Talent Development. We believe that creating an environment which encourages continual learning and development is essential for us to maintain a high level of service and to achieve our goal to have every employee feel that they are a valued member of a successful company. This is why we have implemented a variety of learning and development resources for all levels of employees across the bank. Our first focus area has been on building our leadership talent pipeline. Based on our company-wide succession planning discussions, we implemented a new leadership program called LEAD for our most senior leaders. Facilitated by members of our executive team, this program prepares our future leaders for leadership roles within the bank. In addition to our new LEAD program, managers also have the opportunity to refine their skills through our Leadership Essentials program. This program teaches managers how to effectively manage, engage, and develop their teams. Employees have access to ongoing education that is relevant to the banking industry and their job function within the Company leveraging our new Linkedin Learning Platform and other key educational partnerships. We have a strong partnership with Pacific Coast Banking School and send a cohort of leaders for their graduate certificate in banking each year. Through our talent management processes of goal setting, performance reviews, succession planning and career development we strive to continually develop our people and meet the dynamic needs of our customers. 
 Diversity and Inclusion. We are committed to creating a culture of inclusion where differences are both appreciated and respected. We take pride in providing equal employment opportunities and building a workplace culture where all employees feel supported and respected, and have equal access to career and development opportunities without regard to race, religion/creed, color, national origin, age, marital status, ancestry, sex, gender, gender identity/expression, sexual orientation, veteran status, physical or mental disability, medical condition, military status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws. To help accomplish this, we have a SVP, Diversity, Equity Inclusion, who is supported by a Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Steering Committee and a Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Advisory Council made up of 23 employee representatives from throughout the Company to advance our diversity and inclusion initiatives. We strive to build teams and grow talent that reflects the diversity of the clients and communities we serve and foster an inclusive and equitable culture/workplace. 
 
 Financial and Statistical Disclosure 
 Certain of our statistical information is presented within Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk. This information should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements contained in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 19 

Supervision and Regulation 
 General 
 The Company and the Bank are subject to extensive regulation under federal and state banking laws that establish a comprehensive framework for our operations. Such regulation is intended to, among other things, protect the interests of customers, including depositors, and the federal deposit insurance fund, as well as to minimize risk to the banking system as a whole. These regulations are not, however, generally charged with protecting the interests of our stockholders or other creditors. Described below are elements of selected laws and regulations applicable to our Company or the Bank. The descriptions are not intended to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of the statutes and regulations described. Changes in applicable law or regulations, particularly in the current U.S. political environment, and in their application by regulatory agencies, cannot be predicted, and they may have a material effect on the business, operations, and results of the Company or the Bank. 
 Bank Holding Company Regulation 
 As a bank holding company, PacWest is registered with and subject to supervision, regulation, and examination by the FRB under the BHCA, and we are required to file with the FRB periodic reports of our operations and additional information regarding the Company and its subsidiaries as the FRB may require. 
 The Dodd-Frank Act, which codified the FRB's long-standing "source-of-strength" doctrine, requires the Company to act as a source of financial strength to the Bank including committing resources to support the Bank even at times when the Company may not be in a financial position to do so. 
 Pursuant to the BHCA, we are required to obtain the prior approval of the FRB before we acquire all or substantially all of the assets of any bank or the ownership or control of voting shares of any bank if, after giving effect to such acquisition, we would own or control, directly or indirectly, more than 5 percent of the voting shares of such bank. Pursuant to the Bank Merger Act, the prior approval of the FDIC is required for the Bank to merge with another bank or purchase all or substantially all of the assets or assume any of the deposits of another FDIC-insured depository institution. In reviewing certain merger or acquisition transactions, the federal regulators will consider the assessment of the competitive effect and public benefits of the transactions, the capital position and managerial resources of the combined organization, the risks to the stability of the U.S. banking and financial system, our performance record under the CRA, our compliance with fair housing and other consumer protection laws, and the effectiveness of all organizations involved in combating money laundering activities. The ability of any bank holding company to acquire another bank holding company or bank is also significantly impacted by subjective decisions of federal regulators, including political appointees, as to whether any proposed merger would be consistent with then-current national financial institutions policies. These subjective views may have an impact on the ability of any bank holding company to engage in a merger transaction. 
 Under the BHCA, we may not engage in any business other than managing or controlling banks or furnishing services to our subsidiaries and such other activities that the FRB deems to be so closely related to banking as to be a proper incident thereto. We are also prohibited, with certain exceptions, from acquiring direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 5 percent of the voting shares of any company unless the company is engaged in banking activities or the FRB determines that the activity is so closely related to banking as to be a proper incident to banking. Generally, the FRB s approval must be obtained before the shares of any such company can be acquired. 
 The federal regulatory agencies also have general authority to prohibit a bank subsidiary or bank holding company from engaging in unsafe or unsound banking practices. Depending upon the circumstances, the agencies could take the position that paying a dividend would constitute an unsafe or unsound banking practice. Further, as discussed below under - Capital Requirements, we are required to maintain minimum ratios of Common Equity Tier 1 capital, Tier 1 capital, and total capital to total risk weighted assets, and a minimum ratio of Tier 1 capital to total adjusted quarterly average assets as defined in such regulations. The level of our capital ratios may affect our ability to pay dividends or repurchase our shares. See Note 23. Dividend Availability and Regulatory Matters of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 20 

The Dodd-Frank Act 
 The Dodd Frank Act, which was enacted in July 2010, significantly restructured the financial regulatory landscape in the United States, including the creation of a new systemic risk oversight body, the FSOC. The FSOC oversees and coordinates the efforts of the primary U.S. financial regulatory agencies (including the FRB, the SEC, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission and the FDIC) in establishing regulations to address financial stability concerns. The Dodd-Frank Act and the FRB s implementing regulations impose increasingly stringent regulatory requirements on financial institutions as their size and scope of activities increase. 
 In May 2018, the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act EGRRCPA was enacted. While the EGRRCPA reduced the impact of the Dodd-Frank Act on bank holding companies of our size, including in respect to stress testing, the Dodd-Frank Act nonetheless subjected us to additional significant regulatory requirements. In addition, as a result of the Dodd-Frank Act and our having in excess of 10 billion in total consolidated assets, the Company and the Bank are subject to the examination and supervision of the CFPB with respect to compliance with certain consumer financial laws. 
 Transactions with Affiliates 
 Transactions between the Bank and its affiliates are regulated under federal banking law. Subject to certain exceptions set forth in the Federal Reserve Act and implementing regulations, a bank may enter into covered transactions with its affiliates if the aggregate amount of the covered transactions to any single affiliate does not exceed 10 percent of the Bank s capital stock and surplus or 20 percent of the Bank s capital stock and surplus for covered transactions with all affiliates. Covered transactions include, among other things, the extension of credit, the investment in securities, the purchase of assets, the acceptance of collateral or the issuance of a guaranty. The Dodd-Frank Act significantly expanded the coverage and scope of the limitations on affiliate transactions within a banking organization. Additionally, most transactions that the Bank engages in with an affiliate, including where an affiliate performs a service for the Bank, must be on similar terms and conditions as the Bank would get from a non-affiliate. 
 Dividends and Share Repurchases 
 The ability of the Company to pay dividends on or to repurchase its common or preferred stock, and the ability of the Bank to pay dividends to the Company, may be restricted due to several factors including: (a) the DGCL (in the case of the Company) and applicable California law (in the case of the Bank), (b) covenants contained in our subordinated debt and borrowing agreements, and (c) the regulatory authority of the FRB, the DFPI, and the FDIC. 
 Our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders or to repurchase shares of our common or preferred stock is subject to the restrictions set forth in the DGCL. The DGCL provides that a corporation, unless otherwise restricted by its certificate of incorporation, may declare and pay dividends (or repurchase shares) out of its surplus or, if there is no surplus, out of net profits for the fiscal year in which the dividend is declared and/or for the preceding fiscal year, as long as the amount of capital of the corporation is not less than the aggregate amount of the capital represented by the issued and outstanding stock of all classes having a preference upon the distribution of assets. Surplus is defined as the excess of a corporation s net assets (i.e., its total assets minus its total liabilities) over the capital associated with issuances of its common stock. Moreover, the DGCL permits a board of directors to reduce its capital and transfer such amount to its surplus. In determining the amount of surplus of a Delaware corporation, the assets of the corporation, including stock of subsidiaries owned by the corporation, must be valued at their fair market value as determined by the board of directors, regardless of their historical book value. 
 Our ability to pay cash dividends to our stockholders or to repurchase shares of our common or preferred stock may be limited by certain covenants contained in the indentures governing trust preferred securities issued by us or entities that we have acquired, and the debentures underlying the trust preferred securities. Generally the indentures provide that if an Event of Default (as defined in the indentures) has occurred and is continuing, or if we are in default with respect to any obligations under our guarantee agreement which covers payments of the obligations on the trust preferred securities, or if we give notice of any intention to defer payments of interest on the debentures underlying the trust preferred securities, then we may not, among other restrictions, declare or pay any dividends with respect to our common or preferred stock or repurchase shares of our common or preferred stock. 
 21 

Notification to the FRB is required prior to our declaring and paying a cash dividend to our stockholders during any period in which our quarterly and/or cumulative twelve month net earnings are insufficient to fund the dividend amount, among other requirements. Under such circumstances, we may not pay a dividend should the FRB object until such time as we receive approval from the FRB or no longer need to provide notice under applicable regulations. In addition, prior approval of the FRB may be required in certain circumstances prior to our repurchasing shares of our common stock. 
 In connection with the decision regarding dividends and share repurchase programs, our Board will take into account general business conditions, our financial results, projected cash flows, capital requirements, contractual, legal and regulatory restrictions on the payment of dividends by the Bank to the Company and such other factors as deemed relevant. We can provide no assurance that we will continue to declare dividends on a quarterly basis or otherwise or to repurchase shares of our common stock. The declaration of dividends by the Company is subject to the discretion of our Board. 
 PacWest s primary source of earnings is the receipt of cash dividends from the Bank. Various statutes and regulations limit the availability of cash dividends from the Bank. Dividends paid by the Bank are regulated by the DFPI and FDIC under their general supervisory authority as it relates to a bank s capital requirements. The Bank may declare a dividend without the approval of the DFPI as long as the total dividends declared in a calendar year do not exceed either the retained earnings or the total of net earnings for three previous fiscal years less any dividend paid during such period. The Bank had a cumulative net loss of 195.4 million during the three fiscal years of 2022, 2021, and 2020 due to the 1.47 billion goodwill impairment in the first quarter of 2020, compared to dividends of 569.0 million paid by the Bank during that same period. Since the Bank had a retained deficit of 790.9 million at December 31, 2022, for the foreseeable future, any further cash dividends from the Bank to the Company will continue to require DFPI and FDIC approval. 
 See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Liquidity - Holding Company Liquidity and Note 23. Dividend Availability and Regulatory Matters of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for a discussion of other factors affecting the availability of dividends and limitations on the ability to declare dividends. 
 Capital Requirements 
 We are subject to the comprehensive capital framework for U.S. banking organizations known as "Basel III." Basel III, among other things, (i) implemented increased capital levels for the Company and the Bank, (ii) introduced a new capital measure called CET1 and related regulatory capital ratio of CET1 to risk weighted assets, (iii) specified that Tier 1 capital consists of CET1 and Additional Tier 1 capital instruments meeting certain revised requirements, (iv) mandated that most deductions/adjustments to regulatory capital measures be made to CET1 and not to the other components of capital, and (v) expanded the scope of the deductions from and adjustments to capital as compared to existing regulations. Under Basel III, for most banking organizations, the most common form of Additional Tier 1 capital is non cumulative perpetual preferred stock, and the most common form of Tier 2 capital is subordinated notes and a portion of the allowance for credit losses, in each case, subject to Basel III specific requirements. 
 We believe that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company and the Bank met all capital adequacy requirements under Basel III. Pursuant to Basel III, the minimum capital ratios are as follows: 
 4.5 CET1 to risk weighted assets; 
 6.0 Tier 1 capital (that is, CET1 plus Additional Tier 1 capital) to risk weighted assets; 
 8.0 Total capital (that is, Tier 1 capital plus Tier 2 capital) to risk weighted assets; and 
 4 Tier 1 capital to average consolidated assets as reported on regulatory financial statements (known as the leverage ratio ). 
 22 

Basel III also introduced a new capital conservation buffer , composed entirely of CET1, on top of the minimum risk weighted asset ratios. The capital conservation buffer is designed to absorb losses during periods of economic stress. Banking institutions with a ratio of CET1 to risk weighted assets, Tier 1 to risk weighted assets or total capital to risk weighted assets above the minimum but below the capital conservation buffer will face constraints on dividends, equity repurchases and compensation based on the amount of the shortfall and the institution s eligible retained income (that is, four quarter trailing net income, net of distributions and tax effects not reflected in net income). As of January 1, 2019, the capital conservation buffer was fully phased-in and the Company and the Bank are required to maintain an additional capital conservation buffer of 2.5 of CET1, effectively resulting in minimum ratios of (i) CET1 to risk weighted assets of at least 7 , (ii) Tier 1 capital to risk weighted assets of at least 8.5 , and (iii) total capital to risk weighted assets of at least 10.5 . 
 CET1 capital predominantly includes common stockholders' equity, less goodwill net of any associated deferred tax liabilities. Basel III provides for certain other deductions from or adjustments to CET1 including intangible assets, net of any associated deferred tax liabilities, deferred tax assets that arise from net operating loss and tax credit carry-forwards, net of any related valuation allowances and deferred tax liabilities and other items that may be deductible from CET1 capital if they exceed a certain percentage of CET1 capital. 
 Basel III provides a standardized approach for risk weightings that, depending on the nature of the assets, generally range from 0 for U.S. government and agency securities, to 1,250 for certain trading securitization exposures, resulting in higher risk weights for a variety of asset classes than previous regulations. 
 The Company has outstanding subordinated debt issued to trusts, which, in turn, issued trust preferred securities. The carrying amount of subordinated debt totaled 867.1 million at December 31, 2022. Under Basel III, 131.0 million of the Company s trust preferred securities were included in Tier 1 capital and the remaining 721.9 million of the Company's trust preferred securities were included in Tier 2 capital at December 31, 2022. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Regulatory Matters - Capital for further information on regulatory capital requirements, capital ratios, and deferred tax asset limits as of December 31, 2022 for the Company and the Bank. 
 Stress Testing 
 Though the Company and the Bank are no longer required to prepare annual stress tests pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act, we continue to prepare an annual stress test of our capital, consolidated earnings and losses under adverse economic and market conditions. Our stress test results are considered by the FRB and the FDIC in evaluating our capital adequacy and could have a 
 negative impact on our ability to make capital distributions in the form of dividends or share repurchases. 
 Safety and Soundness Standards 
 As required by the FDIA, guidelines adopted by the federal bank regulatory agencies establish general standards relating to internal controls and information systems, internal audit systems, loan documentation, credit underwriting, interest rate exposure, asset growth and quality, and compensation, fees and benefits. The agencies have adopted regulations and interagency guidelines that set forth the safety and soundness standards used to identify and address problems at insured depository institutions before capital becomes impaired. If an agency determines that a bank fails to satisfy any standard, it may require the bank to submit an acceptable plan to achieve compliance, consistent with deadlines for the submission and review of such safety and soundness compliance plans. If an institution fails to submit an acceptable compliance plan or fails in any material respect to implement an acceptable compliance plan, the agency must issue an order directing action to correct the deficiency and may issue an order directing other actions of the types to which an undercapitalized institution is subject under the FDIA. 

23 

Deposit Insurance 
 The Bank is a state chartered, non member bank regulated by the DFPI and the FDIC. The Bank accepts deposits, and those deposits have the benefit of FDIC insurance up to the applicable limits established by law. The applicable statutory limit for FDIC insurance for most types of accounts is 250,000. 
 Under the FDIC's risk-based deposit premium assessment system, the assessment rates for an insured depository institution are determined by an assessment rate calculator, which is based on a number of elements that measure the risk each institution poses to the FDIC's Deposit Insurance Fund ("DIF"). The calculated assessment rate is applied to average consolidated assets less the average tangible equity of the insured depository institution during the assessment period to determine the dollar amount of the quarterly assessment. Under the current system, premiums are assessed quarterly and could increase if, for example, criticized loans and leases and/or other higher risk assets increase or balance sheet liquidity decreases. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred 19.7 million of FDIC assessment expense. 
 In October 2022, the FDIC adopted a final rule to increase the initial base deposit insurance assessment rate schedules uniformly by 2 basis points beginning with the first quarterly assessment period of 2023. The increased assessment is expected to improve the likelihood that the DIF reserve ratio would reach the statutory minimum of 1.35 by the statutory deadline prescribed under the FDIC's amended restoration plan. 
 Under the FDIA, the FDIC may terminate deposit insurance upon a finding that the institution has engaged in unsafe and unsound practices, is in an unsafe or unsound condition to continue operations, or has violated any applicable law, regulation, rule, order or condition imposed by the FDIC. In addition, the FDIC is authorized to conduct examinations of and require periodic reporting by FDIC-insured institutions. 
 Incentive Compensation 
 In 2010, federal banking regulators issued final joint agency guidance on Sound Incentive Compensation Policies. This guidance applies to executive and non-executive incentive plans administered by the Bank. The guidance notes that incentive compensation programs must (i) provide employees incentives that appropriately balance risk and reward, (ii) be compatible with effective controls and risk management and (iii) be supported by strong corporate governance, including oversight by the Board. The FDIC reviews, as part of its regular examination process, the Bank s incentive compensation programs. 
 In addition, the Dodd-Frank Act requires the federal bank regulatory agencies and the SEC to establish joint regulations or guidelines prohibiting incentive-based payment arrangements at specified regulated entities having at least 1 billion in total assets, such as the Company and the Bank, that encourage inappropriate risks by providing an executive officer, employee, director or principal stockholder with excessive compensation, fees, or benefits that could lead to material financial loss to the entity. In addition, these regulators must establish regulations or guidelines requiring enhanced disclosure of incentive-based compensation arrangements to regulators. 
 The agencies proposed initial regulations in April 2011 and proposed revised regulations during the second quarter of 2016 that would establish general qualitative requirements applicable to all covered entities. The proposed general qualitative requirements include (i) prohibiting incentive arrangements that encourage inappropriate risks by providing excessive compensation; (ii) prohibiting incentive arrangements that encourage inappropriate risks that could lead to a material financial loss; (iii) establishing requirements for performance measures to appropriately balance risk and reward; (iv) requiring board of director oversight of incentive arrangements; and (v) mandating appropriate record-keeping. As of the date of this filing, the agencies have not finalized these proposed regulations. 
 In August 2015, the SEC adopted final rules implementing the pay ratio provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act by requiring companies to disclose the ratio of the compensation of its chief executive officer to the median compensation of its employees. Under SEC guidance issued in September 2017, companies such as the Company are able to use widely-recognized tests to determine who counts as an employee under the rule, use existing internal records such as payroll and tax information and describe the ratio as an estimate. 
 24 

Consumer Regulation 
 We are subject to a number of federal and state consumer protection laws that extensively govern our relationship with our customers. These laws include the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Truth in Lending Act, the Truth in Savings Act, the Electronic Fund Transfer Act, the Expedited Funds Availability Act, the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, the Fair Housing Act, the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, the Service Members Civil Relief Act, as well as a general prohibition on engaging in unfair, deceptive, and abusive acts and practices. There are numerous state-law counterparts to many of these laws, as well as state usury laws and laws regarding unfair and deceptive acts and practices. 
 Violations of applicable consumer protection laws can result in significant potential liability from litigation brought by customers, including actual and statutory damages, restitution and attorneys fees. Federal bank regulators, state attorneys general and state and local consumer protection agencies may also seek to enforce consumer protection requirements and obtain these and other remedies, including regulatory sanctions, customer rescission rights, action by the state attorneys general and local prosecutors in each jurisdiction in which we operate, and civil money penalties. Failure to comply with consumer protection regulations may also result in our failure to obtain any required bank regulatory approval for merger or acquisition transactions we may wish to pursue or a prohibition on our ability to engage in such transactions even if approval is not required. 
 The CFPB has broad rulemaking, supervisory, and enforcement powers under various federal consumer financial protection laws. The CFPB is also authorized to engage in consumer financial education, track consumer complaints, request data, and promote the availability of financial services to underserved consumers and communities. The Bank is subject to direct oversight and examination by the CFPB with respect to compliance with certain consumer financial laws. The CFPB has broad supervisory, examination, and enforcement authority over various consumer financial products and services, including the ability to require reimbursements and other payments to customers for alleged legal violations and to impose significant penalties, as well as injunctive relief that prohibits lenders from engaging in allegedly unlawful practices. The CFPB also has the authority to obtain cease and desist orders providing for affirmative relief or monetary penalties. State regulation of financial products and potential enforcement actions could also adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 USA PATRIOT Act and Anti-Money Laundering 
 The USA PATRIOT Act, designed to deny terrorists and others the ability to obtain access to the United States financial system, has significant implications for depository institutions, brokers, dealers and other businesses involved in the transfer of money. The USA PATRIOT Act, as implemented by various federal regulatory agencies, requires the Company and the Bank to establish and implement policies and procedures with respect to, among other matters, anti money laundering, compliance, suspicious activity and currency transaction reporting, and due diligence on customers and prospective customers. The USA PATRIOT Act and its underlying regulations permit information sharing for counter terrorism purposes between federal law enforcement agencies and financial institutions, as well as among financial institutions, subject to certain conditions, and require the FRB, the FDIC and other federal banking agencies to evaluate the effectiveness of an applicant in combating money laundering activities when considering a bank holding company acquisition and/or a Bank Merger Act application. 
 The U.S. Department of the Treasury s Financial Crimes Enforcement Network FinCEN drafts regulations implementing the USA PATRIOT Act and other anti-money laundering and Bank Secrecy Act legislation. 
 We regularly evaluate and continue to enhance our systems and procedures to continue to comply with the USA PATRIOT Act and other anti money laundering initiatives. Failure of a financial institution to maintain and implement adequate programs to combat money laundering and terrorist financing, or to comply with all of the relevant laws or regulations, could have serious legal, strategic, and reputational consequences for the institution and result in material fines and sanctions. 
 In January 2021, the Anti-Money Laundering Act of 2020 was adopted, which mandated that FinCEN adopt a more stringent system of identifying legal entities, as well as generally reviewing and updating the anti-money laundering regulations that are applicable to the Bank. This revision process is underway and will continue through 2023, and could result in increased compliance obligations and costs for the Bank. 
 25 

Office of Foreign Assets Control Regulation 
 The United States has imposed economic sanctions that affect transactions with designated foreign countries, designated nationals and others. These rules are promulgated and administered by OFAC. The OFAC administered sanctions targeting designated countries take many different forms. Generally, however, they contain one or more of the following elements: (i) restrictions on trade with or investment in a sanctioned country, including prohibitions against direct or indirect imports from and exports to a sanctioned country and prohibitions on U.S. persons engaging in financial transactions relating to making investments in, or providing investment related advice or assistance to, a sanctioned country; and (ii) a blocking of assets in which the government or specially designated nationals of the sanctioned country have an interest, by prohibiting transfers of property subject to U.S. jurisdiction (including property in the possession or control of U.S. persons). These sanctions that are applicable to countries and individuals are also imposed against some non-governmental organizations, associations, or other criminal networks. Blocked assets (e.g., property and bank deposits) cannot be paid out, withdrawn, set off or transferred in any manner without a license from OFAC. Failure to comply with these sanctions could have serious legal, strategic, and reputational consequences, and result in civil and criminal penalties against the Company and the Bank. 
 Community Reinvestment Act 
 The CRA and implementing regulations generally require the Bank to identify the communities it serves and to make loans and investments, offer products, make donations in, and provide services designed to meet the credit needs of these communities. The CRA also requires the Bank to maintain comprehensive records of its CRA activities to demonstrate how we are meeting the credit needs of our communities. These documents are subject to periodic examination by the FDIC. During these examinations, the FDIC rates such institutions compliance with CRA as Outstanding, Satisfactory, Needs to Improve or Substantial Noncompliance. The CRA requires the FDIC to take into account the record of a bank in meeting the credit needs of all of the communities served, including low and moderate income neighborhoods, in determining such rating. Failure of an institution to receive at least a Satisfactory rating could inhibit such institution or its holding company from undertaking certain activities, including acquisitions. The Bank received a CRA rating of Outstanding as of its most recent examination. In the case of a bank holding company, such as the Company, when applying to acquire a bank, savings association, or a bank holding company, the FRB will assess the CRA record of each depository institution of the applicant bank holding company in considering the application. 
 In May 2022, federal bank regulatory agencies issued a proposal to strengthen and modernize regulations implementing the CRA, which would require evaluation of bank performance to further address inequities in access to credit, and which would emphasize smaller-value loans and investments to low- and moderate-income communities. The proposal would also update CRA assessment areas to include activities associated with online and mobile banking, and adopt a metrics-based approach to CRA evaluations of retail lending and community development financing. If ultimately adopted in the form as proposed, CRA record-keeping may become more complex and costly, and the Bank would be required to reevaluate its CRA compliance activities to ensure that it continues to receive an acceptable CRA rating. 
 Customer Information Privacy and Cybersecurity 
 The FRB and other bank regulatory agencies have adopted guidelines for safeguarding confidential, personal, non public customer information. These guidelines require each financial institution, under the supervision and ongoing oversight of its board of directors or an appropriate committee thereof, to create, implement, and maintain a comprehensive written information security program designed to ensure the security and confidentiality of customer information, protect against any anticipated threats or hazard to the security or integrity of such information, and protect against unauthorized access to or use of such information that could result in substantial harm or inconvenience to any customer. We have adopted a customer information security program to comply with these requirements. 
 26 

The Gramm Leach Bliley Act of 1999 (the GLBA requires financial institutions to implement policies and procedures regarding the disclosure of non-public personal information about consumers to non affiliated third parties. The GLBA requires disclosures to consumers on policies and procedures regarding the disclosure of such non-public personal information and, except as otherwise required by law, prohibit disclosing such information except as provided in the Bank s policies and procedures. We have implemented privacy policies addressing these restrictions that are distributed regularly to all existing and new customers of the Bank. 
 In March 2015, federal regulators issued two related statements regarding cybersecurity. One statement indicates that financial institutions should design multiple layers of security controls to establish lines of defense and to ensure that their risk management processes also address the risk posed by compromised customer credentials, including security measures to reliably authenticate customers accessing Internet-based services of the financial institution. The other statement indicates that a financial institution s management is expected to maintain sufficient business continuity planning processes to ensure the rapid recovery, resumption and maintenance of the institution s operations after a cyber-attack involving destructive malware. A financial institution is also expected to develop appropriate processes to enable recovery of data and business operations and address rebuilding network capabilities and restoring data if the institution or its critical service providers fall victim to this type of cyber-attack. If we fail to observe the regulatory guidance, we could be subject to various regulatory sanctions, including financial penalties. 
 In November 2021, the federal bank regulatory agencies issued a joint rule establishing computer-security incident notification requirements for banking organizations and their service providers. This rule requires new notification requirements where a banking organization experiences a computer-security incident. This rule had an effective date of April 1, 2022, and a compliance date of May 1, 2022. 
 State regulators have been increasingly active in implementing privacy and cybersecurity standards and regulations. Several states have adopted regulations requiring certain financial institutions to implement cybersecurity programs and providing detailed requirements with respect to these programs, including data encryption requirements. Many states have implemented or modified their data breach notification and data privacy requirements, and California and Colorado, which are two states in which we have branch offices, have enacted comprehensive data privacy legislation. In June 2018, the California legislature passed the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (the CCPA ), which took effect on January 1, 2020. In November 2020, California voters approved the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020, which took effect on January 1, 2023. Together, these California acts, which cover businesses that obtain or access personal information on California resident consumers, grant consumers enhanced privacy rights and control over their personal information and imposes significant requirements on covered companies with respect to consumer data privacy rights. Other states are either considering or have adopted similar privacy legislation. For example, in July 2021, Colorado became the third state behind California and Virginia to enact comprehensive data privacy legislation, commonly referred to as the Colorado Privacy Act, which is set to take effect on July 1, 2023. The Colorado Privacy Act is modeled in part off of the CCPA. We expect this trend of state-level activity to continue, and are continually monitoring developments in the states in which we operate. For a further discussion of risks related to privacy and cybersecurity, see "Item 1A. Risk Factors" included in this Form 10-K. 
 Regulation of Certain Subsidiaries 
 PWAM is registered with the SEC under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended, and is subject to its rules and regulations. Following the completion of various studies on investment advisers and broker-dealers required by the Dodd-Frank Act, the SEC has, among other things, recommended to Congress that it consider various means to enhance the SEC s examination authority over investment advisers, which may have an impact on PWAM that we cannot currently assess. 
 27 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 You should carefully consider all of the information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the following risk factors before making an investment decision regarding our securities. However, other factors not discussed below or elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K could adversely affect our liquidity, cash flows, competitive position, business, reputation, capital position, financial condition, or results of operations. Therefore, the following risk factors should not be considered a complete list of potential risks we may face. 
 Economic and Market Conditions Risk 
 Our business is adversely affected by unfavorable economic, market, and political conditions. 
 In the event of an economic recession, our operating results could be adversely affected by higher loan and lease charge-offs and higher operating costs. Global economic conditions also may influence U.S. economic conditions, our customers businesses and our operating results. Sources of global economic and market instability include, but are not limited to, the potential economic slowdown internationally, the impact of trade negotiations, economic conditions in China, including China s regulation of commerce and management of the COVID-19 pandemic, escalating military tensions in Europe as a result of Russia's invasion of Ukraine, and the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic or other health crises. 
 Various market conditions also affect our operating results. Certain changes in interest rates, inflation, or the financial markets could affect demand for our products. Real estate market conditions directly affect performance of our loans secured by real estate. Debt markets affect the availability of credit, which impacts the rates and terms at which we offer loans and leases. Stock market downturns often signal broader economic deterioration and/or a downward trend in business earnings, which may adversely affect businesses ability to raise capital and/or service their debts. Political and electoral changes, developments, conflicts, and conditions have in the past introduced, and may in the future introduce, additional uncertainty, which may affect our operating results. Concern regarding the ability of the U.S. Government to reach agreement on federal budgetary matters, including the debt ceiling, or prolonged stalemates leading to total or partial governmental shutdowns and potential downgrades of U.S. government securities by credit ratings agencies, can have adverse economic consequences and create the risk of economic instability or market volatility with potential adverse consequences to our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Economic, market and political instability, or an economic recession or a downturn in various markets, could have one or more of the following adverse effects on our business: 
 a decrease in the demand for our loans and leases and other products and services offered by us; 
 a decrease in our deposit balances due to overall reductions in the accounts of customers; 
 a decrease in the value of collateral securing our loans and leases; 
 an increase in the level of nonperforming and classified loans and leases; 
 an increase in provisions for credit losses and loan and lease charge-offs; 
 a decrease in our capital and liquidity position; 
 a decrease in net interest income derived from our lending and deposit gathering activities; 
 a decrease in the Company's stock price; 
 a decrease in our ability to access the capital markets or access the capital markets on terms acceptable to us; or 
 an increase in our operating expenses associated with attending to the effects of certain circumstances listed above. 
 28 

The COVID-19 pandemic created substantial disruption to global and domestic economies and has adversely impacted, and could continue to adversely impact, our business operations, asset valuations, and financial results. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic created global and domestic economic and financial disruptions that adversely affected our business operations, asset valuations and financial results in 2020 and could adversely affect our business operations, asset valuations, and financial results in the future. Although the risks and impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic appear to have largely subsided and the financial markets have rebounded from the significant declines that occurred earlier in the pandemic, new variants may continue to negatively impact the global and domestic economies, disrupt supply chains, lower some equity market valuations, and create volatility and disruption in financial markets. Should economic impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic persist or further deteriorate, this macroeconomic environment could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 As the COVID-19 pandemic unfolded in March 2020, the credit status of some of our borrowers was adversely affected. We immediately enhanced the monitoring of our loan and lease portfolio with particular emphasis on certain loan and lease portfolios that we expected to be most impacted by the pandemic, such as the hotel, retail, commercial aviation, restaurant, and oil services loan and lease portfolios. We continue to closely monitor all of our portfolios. During 2022, we continued our monitoring of real estate loans secured by office properties because of the risk tenants may reduce the office space they lease as some portion of the workforce continues to work remotely on a hybrid or permanent basis. Even with our actions to assist our borrowers coping with the pandemic, we may not collect all amounts contractually owed to us as noted under Credit Risk below. 
 The extent of any continued or future adverse effects of the COVID-19 pandemic will depend on future developments that remain uncertain and outside our control, including the duration of the pandemic globally, new variants, the direct and indirect impact of the pandemic on our employees, customers and third party service providers, as well as other market participants, and the effectiveness of actions taken by governmental authorities and other third parties in response to the pandemic. If the pandemic morphs or otherwise results in a worsening of the current economic and commercial environments, our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and ability to pay dividends, as well as our regulatory capital and liquidity ratios could be materially adversely affected. 
 Our business is dependent upon the continued growth and welfare of the geographic markets that we serve. 
 Our full-services branches are located in California, Colorado and North Carolina, with loan production offices around the country. Our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows are subject to changes in the economic conditions in those markets. Our success depends upon the economic vitality, growth prospects, business activity, population, income levels, deposits and real estate activity in those areas and may be impacted by the effects of past and future civil unrest and domestic disturbances in the communities that we serve. Although our customers business and financial interests may extend well beyond our market areas, adverse economic conditions that affect our specific market area could reduce our growth rate, affect the ability of our customers to repay their loans to us and impact the stability of our deposit funding sources. Consequently, declines in economic conditions in these markets could generally affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Credit Risk 
 Credit Risk is the Risk of Loss Arising from the Inability or Failure of a Borrower or Counterparty to Meet Its Obligations. 
 We may not collect all amounts that are contractually owed to us by our borrowers. 
 We are dependent on the collection of loan and lease principal, interest, and fees to partially fund our operations. A shortfall in collections and proceeds may impair our ability to fund our operations or to repay our existing debt. 
 29 

When we loan money, commit to loan money or enter into a letter of credit or other contract with a counterparty, we incur credit risk. The credit quality of our portfolio can have a significant impact on our earnings. We expect to experience charge-offs and delinquencies on our loans and leases in the future. Our borrowers actual operating results may be worse than our underwriting indicated when we originated the loans and leases, and in these circumstances, if timely corrective actions are not taken, we could incur substantial impairment or loss of the value on these loans and leases. We may fail to identify problems because our borrowers did not report them in a timely manner or, even if the borrowers did report the problem, we may fail to address them quickly enough or at all. Even if borrowers provide us with full and accurate disclosure of all material information concerning their businesses, we may misinterpret or incorrectly analyze this information. Mistakes may cause us to make loans and leases that we otherwise would not have made or to fund advances that we otherwise would not have funded, either of which could result in losses on loans and leases, or necessitate that we significantly increase our allowance for loan and lease losses. As a result, we could suffer loan losses and have nonperforming loans and leases, which could have a material adverse effect on our net earnings and results of operations and financial condition to the extent the losses exceed our allowance for loan and lease losses. 
 Some of our loans and leases are secured by a lien on specified collateral of the borrower, and we may not obtain or properly perfect our liens, or the value of the collateral securing any particular loan may not protect us from suffering a partial or complete loss if the loan becomes nonperforming and we proceed to foreclose on or repossess the collateral. For instance, declines in the real estate market or sustained economic downturns may cause us to experience credit losses or charge-offs related to our loans, sell loans at unattractive prices or foreclose on certain real estate properties. In such event, we could suffer loan losses, which could have a material adverse effect on our net earnings, allowance for loan and lease losses, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Additionally, loans to venture-backed borrowers support the borrowers operations, including operating losses, working capital requirements and fixed asset acquisitions. Venture-backed borrowers are at various stages in their development and are, generally, reporting operating losses. The primary sources of repayment are future additional venture capital equity investments or the sale of the company or its assets. Our venture-backed borrowers business plans may fail, increasing the likelihood for credit losses related to loans to venture-backed borrowers. 
 In accordance with U.S. GAAP, we maintain an allowance for loan and lease losses to provide for loan defaults and non-performance. Our allowance for loan and lease losses allocable to loans to venture-backed borrowers may not be adequate to absorb actual credit losses arising from these loans, and future provisions for credit losses could materially and adversely affect our operating results. 
 Our allowance for credit losses may not be adequate to cover actual losses. 
 We have adopted the FASB Accounting Standards Update 2016-13, Financial Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326), Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments , commonly referred to as the Current Expected Credit Losses standard, or CECL. CECL changed the allowance for credit losses methodology from an incurred loss concept to an expected loss concept, which is more dependent on future economic forecasts, assumptions, and models than the previous accounting standards and could result in increases and add volatility to our allowance for credit losses and future provisions for loan losses. These forecasts, assumptions, and models are inherently uncertain and are based upon management s reasonable judgment in light of information currently available. At any given point in time, conditions across various markets may increase the complexity and uncertainty involved in estimating the losses inherent in our portfolio. Our allowance for credit losses may not be adequate to absorb actual credit losses, and future provisions for credit losses could materially and adversely affect our operating results. 
 Our federal and state regulators, as an integral part of their examination processes, review our loans and leases and allowance for credit losses. While we believe our allowance for credit losses is appropriate for the risk identified in our loan and lease portfolio, we cannot provide assurance that we will not further increase the allowance for credit losses, that it will be sufficient to address losses, or that regulators will not require us to increase this allowance. We also cannot be certain that actual results will be consistent with forecasts and assumptions used in our CECL modeling. Any of these occurrences could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. For more information, see Note 1(j). Nature of Operations and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Allowance for Credit Losses on Loans and Leases Held for Investment of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in "Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data." 
 30 

Our loans and leases are concentrated by location, collateral value, and borrower type, which could exacerbate credit losses if certain markets or industries were to experience economic difficulties or operating issues. 
 The market value of real estate can fluctuate significantly in a short period of time as a result of market conditions in any of our geographic markets. Adverse developments in nationwide or regional market conditions affecting real estate values could negatively impact our commercial real estate loans. Real estate mortgage loans and real estate construction and land loans comprised 69 of our total loans and leases at December 31, 2022. Of total loans and leases, 38 are secured by real estate collateral located in California, 30 are secured by multi-family properties (which includes multi-family construction projects), 12 are secured by collateral for loans originated by Civic, of which 10 are investor-owned residential mortgage loans and 2 are construction - renovation loans, and 3 are secured by commercial real estate construction projects. Declines in real estate markets or sustained economic downturns may cause us to experience credit losses or charge-offs related to our loans, or foreclose on certain real estate properties. 
 For real estate mortgage loans, other than owner-occupied single-family residential real estate mortgage loans, the respective primary and secondary sources of loan repayments are the net operating incomes of the properties and the proceeds from the sales or refinancing of the properties. For real estate construction and land loans, the primary source of loan repayments is the proceeds from the sales or refinancing of the properties following the completion of construction and the stabilization/attainment of sufficient debt service coverage. As such, our commercial real estate borrowers generally are required to refinance the loans with us or another lender or sell the properties to repay our loans. A portion of our real estate loans are secured by residential properties. Decreases in residential property values could lead to increased credit losses for these loans. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has had a potentially long-term negative impact on some commercial real estate portfolios. We continue to monitor our real estate loans secured by office properties because of the risk that tenants may reduce the office space they lease as some portion of the workforce continues to work remotely on a hybrid or permanent basis and that we may not collect all amounts contractually owed to us. 
 We have a number of large credit relationships and individual commitments. 
 At December 31, 2022, there were 20 individual real estate construction and land commitments greater than or equal to 100 million with the largest commitment being 233 million. At December 31, 2022, these 20 individual commitments totaled 2.6 billion and had an aggregate outstanding balance of 941 million. The projects financed by these commitments are 14 multi-family projects, two industrial projects, one medical office project, one life science office property, one condominium project, and one line of credit under which the borrower acquires residential properties that the borrower renovates and sells. For these 20 commitments, the average commitment to budgeted project cost ratio was 59.7 . 
 At December 31, 2022, we had 19 individual loan commitments greater than or equal to 150 million that ranged in size from 150 million to 500 million and totaled 4.4 billion and had an aggregate outstanding balance of 1.9 billion. Seven of these commitments totaling 1.9 billion were equity fund loans, six of these commitments totaling 1.4 billion were lender finance loans, two of these commitments totaling 363 million were residential construction lo ans, one of these commitments totaling 233 million was a medical office construction loan, one of these commitments totaling 200 million was a line of credit, one of these commitments totaling 175 million was a loan secured by a multi-family property, and one of these commitments totaling 150 million was a loan secured by a studio office complex. 
 A significant loss related to one of our large lending relationships or individual commitments could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 31 

Market Risk 
 Market Risk is the Risk That Market Conditions May Adversely Impact the Value of Assets or Liabilities or Otherwise Negatively Impact Earnings. Market Risk is Inherent to the Financial Instruments Associated with Our Operations and Activities, Including Loans, Deposits, Securities, Short-Term Borrowings, Long-Term Debt, and Derivatives. 
 Our business is subject to interest rate risk, and variations in interest rates may materially and adversely affect our financial performance. 
 Changes in the interest rate environment may reduce our profits. It is expected that we will continue to realize income from the differential or spread between the interest earned on loans, securities and other interest-earning assets, and interest paid on deposits, borrowings and other interest-bearing liabilities. Net interest spreads are affected by the differences between the maturities and repricing characteristics of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. Changes in market interest rates generally affect loan volume, loan yields, funding sources and funding costs. Our net interest spread depends on many factors that are partly or completely out of our control, including competition, general economic conditions, inflationary pressures, and federal economic monetary and fiscal policies, particularly, the policies of the FRB. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic in March 2020, the FRB decreased the target federal funds rate by 150 basis points to a range of 0.00 to 0.25 as of March 31, 2020, where it remained until March 17, 2022. During the course of 2022, robust demand, labor shortages and supply chain constraints have led to persistent inflationary pressures throughout the global economy. In response to these inflationary pressures, the FRB increased the target federal funds rate seven times in 2022, and once to date in 2023, with the most recent being January 31, 2023, when the FRB increased the target federal funds by 25 basis points to a range of 4.50 to 4.75 . 
 Although these recent increases in interest rates may increase our loan yield, they also may adversely affect the ability of certain borrowers with variable-rate loans to pay the contractual interest and principal due to us. Following increases in interest rates, our ability to maintain a positive net interest spread is dependent on our ability to increase our loan offering rates, replace loans that mature and repay or that prepay before maturity with new originations, minimize increases on our deposit rates, and maintain an acceptable level and composition of funding. We cannot provide assurances that we will be able to increase our loan offering rates and continue to originate loans due to the competitive landscape in which we operate. Additionally, we cannot provide assurances that we can minimize the increases in our deposit rates while maintaining an acceptable level of deposits. Finally, we cannot provide any assurances that we can maintain our current levels of noninterest-bearing deposits as customers may seek higher-yielding products as interest rates continue to increase. 
 Accordingly, continued changes in levels of interest rates could materially and adversely affect our net interest margin, asset quality, loan origination volume, average loan portfolio balance, deposit balances, liquidity, and overall profitability. 
 We may be adversely impacted by the transition from LIBOR as a reference rate. 
 Central banks and regulators in a number of jurisdictions have convened working groups to find, and implement the transition to, suitable replacements for LIBOR. To identify a successor rate for LIBOR in the U.S., the Alternative Reference Rates Committee ARRC ), a U.S.-based group convened by the FRB and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, was formed. On July 29, 2021, the ARCC formally recommended SOFR as its preferred alternative replacement rate for LIBOR, and, in 2022, the U.S. Congress passed the Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act (the LIBOR Act ). The LIBOR Act facilitates the replacement of existing LIBOR-based benchmarks with an applicable SOFR rate for outstanding contracts referencing a LIBOR benchmark as of June 30, 2023. 
 We have continued to work towards reducing our exposure to agreements referencing LIBOR. As of December 31, 2021, we permanently ceased originating any new loans or entering into any transaction that would increase our LIBOR-based exposure. For all variable-rate loans, the Company primarily offers Prime and SOFR as the variable rate index. Nonetheless, we have legacy portfolios of loans, securities, and TruPS borrowings that are either directly or indirectly dependent on LIBOR. As of December 31, 2022, we had 4.5 billion of outstanding loans for which the repricing index rate was tied to LIBOR, of which 4.1 billion had maturity dates after June 30, 2023. We anticipate these legacy LIBOR-based loans, securities, and TruPS contracts will transition to a SOFR rate following the AARC s rate replacement methodology. 
 32 

The transition from LIBOR could create considerable costs and additional risk. Although the administrator of LIBOR has announced its intention to extend the publication of most tenors of LIBOR for U.S. dollars through June 30, 2023, we cannot predict whether or when LIBOR will actually cease to be available. The uncertainty as to the nature and effect of the discontinuance of LIBOR may adversely affect the value of, the return on or the expenses associated with our financial assets and liabilities that are based on or are linked to LIBOR, may require extensive changes to our systems and processes, could impact our pricing and interest rate risk models, our loan product structures, our funding costs, and our valuation tools, and result in increased compliance and operational costs. In addition, the market transition away from LIBOR to an alternative reference rate could prompt inquiries or other actions from regulators in respect of our preparation and readiness for the replacement of LIBOR with an alternative reference rate. Furthermore, failure to adequately manage this transition process with our customers could adversely impact our reputation. 
 Although we are currently unable to assess the ultimate impact of the transition from LIBOR, the failure to adequately manage the transition could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The value of our securities in our investment portfolio may decline in the future. 
 The fair market value of our investment securities may be adversely affected by general economic and market conditions, including changes in interest rates, credit spreads, and the occurrence of any events adversely affecting the issuer of particular securities in our investments portfolio or any given market segment or industry in which we are invested. We analyze our securities, a portion of which is classified as available-for-sale, on a quarterly basis to measure any impairment losses. We also analyze our securities classified as held-to-maturity, on a quarterly basis, to measure currently expected credit losses. The process for determining impairment losses and currently expected credit losses usually requires complex, subjective judgments about the future financial performance of the issuer in order to assess the probability of receiving principal and interest payments sufficient to recover our amortized cost of the security. Because of changing economic and market conditions affecting issuers, we may be required to recognize credit losses in future periods, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Capital and Liquidity Risk 
 Capital and Liquidity Risk Is the Risk of Loss Resulting from Insufficient Capital Levels or Inadequate Liquid Assets That Could Impair Our Ability to Operate Free of Regulatory Enforcement Actions and to Meet Our Contractual and Contingent Financial Obligations, On- or Off-Balance Sheet, as They Become Due. 
 We are subject to capital adequacy standards and liquidity rules, and a failure to meet these standards could adversely affect our financial condition. 
 The Company and the Bank are each subject to capital adequacy and liquidity rules and other regulatory requirements specifying minimum amounts and types of capital that must be maintained. From time to time, the regulators implement changes to these regulatory capital adequacy and liquidity guidelines. If we fail to meet these minimum capital and liquidity guidelines and other regulatory requirements, we may be restricted in the types of activities we may conduct and may be prohibited from taking certain capital actions, such as making TruPS payments, paying executive bonuses or dividends, or repurchasing or redeeming capital securities. 
 We may need to raise additional capital in the future, and such capital may not be available when needed or at all. 
 We are required by federal and state regulators to maintain adequate levels of capital. We may need to raise additional capital in the future to meet federal and state regulatory or other internal requirements. As a publicly traded company, a likely source of additional funds is the capital markets, accomplished generally through the issuance of equity, both common and preferred stock, and the issuance of subordinated debt. Limitations on our ability to raise additional capital, if needed, may include, among other things, rising interest rates and other conditions in the capital markets at that time, which are outside of our control, and our financial performance. 
 33 

We cannot provide any assurance that access to such capital will be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. Any occurrence that may limit our access to the capital markets, such as a decline in the confidence of debt purchasers or counter-parties participating in the capital markets, may materially and adversely affect our capital costs and our ability to raise capital and, in turn, our liquidity. Further, if we need to raise capital in the future, we may have to do so when many other financial institutions are also seeking to raise capital and would then have to compete with those institutions for investors. The inability to raise additional capital on acceptable terms when needed could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We are subject to liquidity risk, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Effective liquidity management is essential for the operation of our business. A lthough we have implemented strategies to maintain sufficient and diverse sources of funding to accommodate planned, as well as unanticipated, changes in assets, liabilities, and off-balance sheet commitments under various economic conditions, an inability to raise funds through deposits, borrowings, the sale of investment securities and other sources could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, and a decline in low cost funding sources could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our access to funding sources in amounts adequate to finance our activities could be impaired by factors that affect us specifically or the financial services industry in general. Factors that could detrimentally impact our access to liquidity sources include a decrease in the level of our business activity due to a market disruption, a decrease in the borrowing capacity assigned to our pledged assets by our secured creditors, or adverse regulatory action against us. Deterioration in economic conditions and the loss of confidence in financial institutions may increase our cost of funding and limit our access to some of our customary sources of liquidity, including, but not limited to, inter-bank borrowings and borrowings from the FRBSF and FHLB. Our ability to acquire deposits or borrow could also be impaired by factors that are not specific to us, such as a severe disruption of the financial markets, increased market competition for deposits, or negative views and expectations about the prospects for the financial services industry generally as a result of conditions faced by banking organizations in the domestic and international credit markets. As of December 31, 2022 , our top ten depositors represented 9.1 of our total deposits. The loss of one or more of our large depositors, or any material decline in their deposits, could have a material adverse effect on our cost of borrowings and liquidity position. 
 A slowdown in venture capital investment levels has reduced the market for venture capital investment for our venture banking clients, which has, and could continue to, adversely affect our deposit balances, business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 Part of our strategy is focused on providing banking products and credit to entrepreneurial and venture-backed businesses, including companies that receive financial support from sophisticated investors, including venture capital or private equity firms, and corporate investors. We derive a significant portion of deposits, including large deposits, from these companies and provide them with loans as well as other banking products and services. Venture deposits totaled 33 of our total deposits at December 31, 2022. However, these deposits are more volatile than our other deposits as reflected in the surge in venture banking deposits starting in mid-2020, driven by COVID-19 pandemic-related monetary easing policies, followed by a decline in deposits starting in the first quarter of 2022 due to monetary tightening. A significant decline in deposits could have a material adverse effect on our cost of borrowings and liquidity position. In many cases, our credit decisions are based on our analysis of the likelihood that our venture-backed borrowers will receive additional rounds of equity capital from investors. If the amount of capital available to such borrowers decreases, we could suffer loan losses, which could have a material adverse effect on our deposit balances, net earnings, allowance for loan and lease losses, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Regulatory, Compliance and Legal Risk 
 Regulatory, Compliance and Legal Risk Is the Risk of Loss Related to Violations of Laws, Rules, or Regulations, or from Non-Conformance with Prescribed Practices, Internal Policies and Procedures, Contractual Obligations or Other Legal and Ethical Standards. 
 34 

We are subject to extensive regulation, which could materially and adversely affect our business. 
 The banking industry is extensively regulated and supervised under both federal and state laws and regulations that are intended primarily for the protection of depositors, customers, federal deposit insurance funds and the banking system as a whole, not for the protection of our stockholders and creditors. The Company is subject to regulation and supervision by the FRB, and the Bank is subject to regulation and supervision primarily by the FDIC, the DFPI, and the CFPB. 
 The laws and regulations applicable to us govern a variety of matters, including, but not limited to, permissible types, amounts and terms of loans and investments we make, the maximum interest rate that may be charged, our ability to charge overdraft and account fees, consumer disclosures on the products and services we offer, community reinvestment and fair lending requirements, the amount of reserves we must hold against our customers deposits, the types of deposits we may accept and the rates we may pay on such deposits, the establishment of new branch offices by the Bank, maintenance of adequate capital and liquidity, and restrictions on dividends and stock repurchases. 
 We must obtain approval from our regulators before engaging in certain activities, including certain acquisitions, and there can be no assurance that any regulatory approvals we may require will be obtained, or obtained without conditions, either in a timely manner or at all. Our regulators have the ability to compel us to, or restrict us from, taking certain actions entirely, such as actions that our regulators deem to constitute unsafe or unsound banking practices. While we have policies and procedures designed to prevent violations of the extensive federal and state regulations that we are subject to, any failure to comply with any applicable laws or regulations, or regulatory policies and interpretations of such laws and regulations, could result in investigations or reviews, regulatory enforcement actions, civil and criminal penalties, or damage to our reputation, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operation. 
 Regulations affecting banks and other financial institutions undergo continuous review and frequently change. The ultimate effect of such changes cannot be predicted. Because our business is highly regulated, compliance with such regulations and laws may increase our costs and limit our ability to pursue business opportunities. There can be no assurance that laws, rules, and regulations, including any future government stabilization program, will not be proposed or adopted in the future, which could (i) subject us to additional restrictions, (ii) make compliance much more difficult or expensive, (iii) restrict our ability to originate or sell loans or accept certain deposits, (iv) further limit or restrict the amount of interest, or other charges earned on loans originated or sold, or (v) otherwise materially and adversely affect our business or prospects for business. 
 Though the Company and the Bank are no longer required to prepare annual stress tests pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act, we continue to prepare an annual internal capital stress test under adverse economic and market conditions. Our stress test results are considered by the FRB and the FDIC in evaluating our capital adequacy and could have a negative impact on our ability to make capital distributions in the form of dividends or share repurchases. 
 The Company and its subsidiaries are subject to changes in federal and state tax laws and the interpretation of existing laws and examinations and challenges by taxing authorities. 
 Our financial performance is impacted by federal and state tax laws. Given the current economic and political environment, and ongoing budgetary pressures, the enactment of new federal or state legislation or new interpretations of existing tax laws could adversely impact our tax position, in some circumstances retroactively. The Inflation Reduction Act (the IRA ), which establishes a new 15 percent corporate alternative minimum tax on adjusted book income (of corporations that have an average adjusted book income in excess of 1 billion over a three tax year period) for tax years beginning after December 31, 2022, may impact the Company s cash tax payments and tax credit carryforward balances. The IRA also includes a nondeductible one percent excise tax on certain repurchases of corporate stock for transactions occurring in taxable years after December 31, 2022, which would likely increase the Company s cost of any future share repurchases. The consequences of the IRA, the enactment of new federal or state tax legislation, or changes in the interpretation of existing law, including provisions impacting income tax rates, apportionment, consolidation or combination, income, expenses, and credits, may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. 
 In the normal course of business, we are routinely subjected to examinations and audits from federal, state, and local taxing authorities regarding tax positions taken by us and the determination of the amount of taxes due. These examinations may relate to income, franchise, gross receipts, payroll, property, sales and use, or other tax returns. The challenges made by taxing authorities may result in adjustments to the amount of taxes due, and may result in the imposition of penalties and interest. If any such challenges are not resolved in our favor, they could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. 
 35 

We are subject to claims and litigation that could adversely affect our cash flows, financial condition, and results of operations, or cause us significant reputational harm. 
 We and certain of our directors, officers, and subsidiaries are involved, from time to time, in reviews, investigations, litigation, and other proceedings pertaining to our business activities. In difficult market conditions, the volume of claims and amount of damages sought in litigation and regulatory proceedings against financial institutions have historically increased. If claims or legal actions, whether founded or unfounded, are not resolved in a favorable manner to us, they may result in significant financial liability. Although we establish accruals for legal matters when and as required by U.S. GAAP and certain expenses and liabilities in connection with such matters may be covered by insurance, liabilities associated with legal risks are frequently difficult to assess and quantify, and the amount of loss ultimately incurred in relation to those matters may be substantially higher than the amounts accrued and/or insured. Substantial legal liability could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and reputation. 
 Regulations relating to privacy, information security, and data protection could increase our costs, affect or limit how we collect and use personal information, and adversely affect our business opportunities. 
 We are subject to various privacy, information security and data protection laws and regulations, such as the GLBA, which among other things requires privacy disclosures and maintenance of a robust security program. Many states have implemented or modified their data breach notification and data privacy requirements, and California and Colorado, two states in which we have branch offices, have enacted comprehensive data privacy legislation. The California legislature passed the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (the CCPA ), which took effect on January 1, 2020, and the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020, which took effect on January 1, 2023. Together, these California acts, which cover businesses that obtain or access personal information on California resident consumers, grant consumers enhanced privacy rights and control over their personal information and impose significant requirements on covered companies with respect to consumer data privacy rights. Other states are either considering or have adopted similar privacy legislation. For example, Colorado enacted the Colorado Privacy Act, which takes effect on July 1, 2023 and is modeled in part off of the CCPA. We expect this trend of state-level activity to continue, and are continually monitoring development in the states in which we operate. 
 These laws and regulations are rapidly evolving and changing, and could have a significant impact on our current and planned privacy, data protection and information security-related practices, our collection, use, sharing, retention and safeguarding of consumer and employee information, and some of our current or planned business activities. The costs of compliance with, and the other burdens imposed by, these laws or regulatory actions may increase our operational costs, restrict our ability to provide certain products and services, reduce income from certain business initiatives, or result in interruptions or delays in the availability of systems. 
 We may face increased privacy-related enforcement activity. Our regulators may hold us responsible for privacy and data protection obligations performed by our third party service providers while providing services to us. Our failure to comply, and to ensure our third party service providers comply, with privacy, data protection and information security laws could result in significant regulatory or governmental investigations or actions, litigation, fines, sanctions and damage to our reputation, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Risk of the Competitive Environment in Which We Operate 
 We may not be able to implement our strategic plan or manage costs effectively . 
 We have undertaken a strategic plan designed to strengthen our community bank focus, exit non-core products and services, and improve operational efficiency. As a result, we have incurred and expect to continue to incur in the future significant expenses, including goodwill impairment, restructuring charges, costs related to our digital and innovation initiatives, and early retirement benefits and severance expense, as well as losses on the sale of assets. There can be no assurance that we will be able to execute on or achieve the anticipated outcomes of our strategic plan, including strengthening our balance sheet, managing our costs, and realizing the anticipated benefits of the digital and innovation initiatives, to do so in the expected timeframe, or to be profitable in future periods, or, if profitable, that our overall earnings will remain consistent or increase in the future. The success of our strategic plan is subject to changes in the macroeconomic environment, which is beyond our control. Our inability to execute our strategic plan successfully could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, net earnings, business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 36 

Our ability to attract and retain qualified employees is critical to our success. 
 Our employees are our most important resource, and in many areas of the financial services industry, competition for qualified personnel is intense. Employers are offering increased compensation and opportunities to work with greater flexibility, including remote work, on a permanent basis. These can be important factors in a current employee s decision to leave us, and in a prospective employee s decision to join us. We endeavor to attract talented and diverse new employees and retain and motivate our existing employees to assist in executing our business strategies. We also seek to retain proven, experienced senior employees with superior talent, augmented from time to time by external hires, to provide continuity of succession of our executive management team. In order to retain certain personnel, we may be required to increase compensation to such individuals, resulting in additional expense without a corresponding increase in potential revenues. In addition, the Company s Board oversees succession planning, including review of the succession plans for the Chief Executive Officer and other members of executive management. Losses of or changes in our current executive officers or other key personnel, or the inability to recruit and retain qualified personnel in the future, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Labor shortages and constraints in supply chains could adversely affect our customers operations as well as our operations. 
 Many sectors in the United States and around the world are experiencing a shortage of workers. Many of our commercial customers have been impacted by this shortage along with disruptions and constraints in supply chains, which could adversely impact their operations and could lead to reduced cash flow and difficulty in making loan repayments. The financial services industry has also been affected by the shortage of workers, which we have experienced with respect to highly skilled technology roles, as well as increasing wages for entry-level and certain professional roles. This may lead to open positions remaining unfilled for longer periods of time or a need to increase wages to attract workers. We have had to recently increase wages in certain positions to attract talent, particularly in entry-level type positions and certain specialty areas. 
 We face strong competition from financial services companies and other companies that offer banking services, which could materially and adversely affect our business. 
 The financial services industry has become even more competitive as a result of legislative, regulatory and technological changes and continued banking consolidation, which may increase in connection with current economic, market and political conditions. We face substantial competition in all phases of our operations from a variety of competitors, including national banks, regional banks, community banks, brokerage firms, and fintech firms seeking funding from customer deposits. Many of our competitors offer the same banking services that we offer, or have partnered with banks to provide the same banking services, and our success depends on our ability to adapt our products and services to evolving industry standards. Increased competition in our market may result in reduced new loan and lease production and/or decreased deposit balances or less favorable terms on loans and leases and/or deposit accounts. We also face competition from many other types of financial institutions, including without limitation, non-bank specialty lenders, insurance companies, private investment funds, investment banks, and other financial intermediaries. While there are a limited number of direct competitors in the venture banking market, some of our competitors have long-standing relationships with venture firms and the companies that are funded by such firms. Many of our competitors have significantly greater resources, established customer bases, more locations, and longer operating histories. 
 Should competition in the financial services industry intensify, our ability to market our products and services may be adversely affected. If we are unable to attract and retain banking customers, we may be unable to grow or maintain the levels of our loans and deposits. Ultimately, we may not be able to compete successfully against current and future competitors, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 37 

Failure to keep pace with technological change could adversely affect our business. 
 The financial services industry experiences continuous technological change with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services. The effective use of technology increases efficiency and enables financial institutions to better serve customers and to reduce costs. Our future success depends, in part, upon our ability to address the needs of our customers by using technology to provide products and services that will satisfy customer demands, as well as to create additional efficiencies in our operations. Many of our competitors, however, have substantially greater resources to invest in technological improvements or are technology-focused start-ups with internally developed cloud-native systems that offer improved user interfaces and experiences. We may not be able to effectively implement new technology-driven products and services or be successful in marketing these products and services to our customers. In addition, we depend on internal and outsourced technology to support all aspects of our business operations. Interruption or failure of these systems creates a risk of business loss as a result of adverse customer experiences and possible diminishing of our reputation, damage claims or civil fines. Our ability to maintain or enhance our relative technological position is in part dependent on our ability to attract and retain talented employees in these fields, which, due to overall demand, is increasingly difficult. Failure to successfully keep pace with technological change affecting the financial services industry or to successfully implement core processing strategies could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Our ability to maintain, attract and retain customer relationships and investors is highly dependent on our reputation. 
 Damage to our reputation could undermine the confidence of our current and potential customers and investors in our ability to provide high-quality financial services. Such damage could also impair the confidence of our counterparties and vendors and ultimately affect our ability to effect transactions. Maintenance of our reputation depends not only on our success in maintaining our service-focused culture and controlling and mitigating the various risks described herein, but also on our success in identifying and appropriately addressing issues that may arise in areas such as potential conflicts of interest, anti-money laundering, client personal information and privacy issues, customer and other third party fraud, record-keeping, technology-related issues including cyber fraud, corporate governance, regulatory investigations and any litigation that may arise from the failure or perceived failure to comply with legal and regulatory requirements. Defense of our reputation, trademarks, and other intellectual property, including through litigation, also could result in costs that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Risks Related to Risk Management 
 Risks Related to Risk Management Is the Risk of Loss Resulting from Unknown Risks and Our Inability to Timely and Adequately Identify, Monitor and Manage Key Risks That May Affect Our Business. 
 Our acquisitions may subject us to unknown risks, be unsuccessful or consume significant resources . 
 As an active acquirer having successfully completed 31 acquisitions since 2000, certain events may arise after the date of an acquisition, or we may learn of certain facts, events or circumstances after the closing of an acquisition, that may affect our financial condition or performance or subject us to risk of loss. These events include litigation resulting from circumstances occurring at the acquired entity prior to the date of acquisition, loan downgrades and credit loss provisions resulting from deterioration in the credit quality of the acquired loans, failure to successfully integrate acquired businesses, failure to adequately identify issues during pre-acquisition due diligence that may divert management s attention and resources to resolve post-acquisition, failure to integrate or convert key Information Technology networks and systems successfully, culture clashes that result in difficult integrations, employees of the acquired company quitting, personnel changes that cause instability within a department or lending group, delays in implementing new policies, procedures, or controls or the failure to apply new policies, procedures, or controls, and other events relating to the performance of our business. Acquisitions may also create a need for additional compliance, risk management and internal control procedures, and to the extent such procedures are not adequate or enforced with respect to acquired businesses, we could be exposed to increased costs, material losses, or regulatory sanctions. Acquisitions involve inherent uncertainty, and we cannot determine all potential events, facts and circumstances that could result in losses or increased costs or give assurances that our due diligence or mitigation efforts will be sufficient to protect against any such losses or increased costs. 
 38 

Our ability to execute our acquisitions successfully will depend on a variety of factors. These factors likely will vary based on the nature of the acquisition but may include our success in integrating the operations, services, products, personnel and systems of an acquired company into our business, operating effectively with any partner with whom we elect to do business, retaining key employees, achieving anticipated synergies, meeting expectations and otherwise realizing the undertaking s anticipated benefits. Our ability to address these matters successfully cannot be assured. In addition, our acquisitions and potential acquisitions may divert resources or management s attention from ongoing business operations and may subject us to additional regulatory scrutiny. If we do not successfully execute an acquisition, it could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, reputation, regulatory relationships and growth prospects. To the extent we issue capital stock in connection with future acquisitions, these transactions may be dilutive to tangible book value and will dilute share ownership. 
 A failure, interruption, or breach in the security of our systems, or those of contracted vendors, could disrupt our business, result in the disclosure of confidential information, damage our reputation, and create significant financial and legal exposure. 
 Although we devote significant resources to maintain the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of information belonging to the Company and our customers, there is no assurance that our security measures will be effective against all types of cyber-attacks. Our Information Security and Information Technology teams regularly update our systems and processes to protect the security of our computer systems, software, and networks. We regularly conduct Incident Response exercises to ensure our staff is prepared to execute their roles and responsibilities in the event of a real incident. 
 Our operations rely heavily on the secure processing, storage and transmission of financial, personal and other information in our systems and networks. In recent years, many financial institutions, including the Company, have been subjected to sophisticated and targeted attacks intended to obtain unauthorized access to confidential information, destroy data, disrupt or degrade service, sabotage systems or cause other damage, including through the introduction of computer viruses or malware. We have been targeted by individuals and groups using phishing campaigns, pretext calling, malicious code, and viruses, have experienced distributed denial-of-service attacks with the objective of disrupting on-line banking services and expect to be subject to such attacks in the future. 
 Despite efforts to ensure the security of our systems, it is possible that we may not be able to anticipate, detect or recognize threats to our systems or implement effective preventive measures against all security attacks of these types inside or outside our business, especially as the techniques used change frequently or are not recognized until launched, and as cyber-attacks can originate from a wide variety of sources, including individuals or groups who are associated with external service providers or who are or may be involved in organized crime or linked to terrorist organizations or hostile foreign governments. F or example, retaliatory acts by Russia or its allies in response to economic sanctions or other measures taken by the global community arising from the Russia-Ukraine conflict has resulted in an increased number and/or severity of cyber-attacks. Those parties may also attempt to socially engineer our employees, customers, third party service providers or other users of our systems to disclose sensitive information to gain access to our data or that of our customers. Similar to other companies, risks and exposures related to cybersecurity attacks have increased during the COVID-19 pandemic, requiring increased reliance on remote working and increased digital operations. Such risks and exposures are expected to remain high for the foreseeable future due to the rapidly evolving nature and sophistication of these threats and the expanding use of technology as our web-based product offerings grow and we expand internal usage of web-based applications. 
 A successful penetration or breach of the security of our systems, including those affecting our third party vendors, contractors, and customers, could cause serious negative consequences, including significant disruption of our operations, theft of confidential information, or damage to computers or systems, and may result in violations of applicable privacy and other laws, financial loss, loss of confidence in our security measures, customer dissatisfaction, increased insurance premiums, significant litigation exposure and harm to our reputation, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and future prospects. In addition, although we maintain insurance coverage that may (subject to certain conditions), cover certain aspects of cyber and information security risks, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses, such as litigation costs or financial losses that exceed our policy limits or are not covered under any of our current insurance policies. 
 39 

We rely on other companies to provide key components of our business infrastructure. 
 We rely on certain third parties to provide products and services necessary to maintain day-to-day operations, such as data processing and storage, recording and monitoring transactions, online banking interfaces and services, Internet connections, telecommunications, and network access. Even though we have a vendor management program to help us carefully select and monitor the performance of third parties, we do not control their actions. The failure of a third party to perform in accordance with the contracted arrangements under service level agreements as a result of changes in the third party s organizational structure, financial condition, support for existing products and services, strategic focus, system interruption or breaches, or for any other reason, could be disruptive to our operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Due to our interconnectivity with these third parties, we may be adversely affected if any of them is subject to a successful cyber-attack or other privacy or information security event, including those arising due to the use of mobile technology or a third-party cloud environment. Our third-party applications may include confidential and proprietary data provided by vendors and by us, including personal employee and/or customer data. Replacing these third parties could also create significant delays and expense. Accordingly, use of such third parties creates an inherent risk to our business operations. 
 Climate change has the potential to disrupt our business and adversely impact the operations and creditworthiness of our clients. Further, global concerns regarding climate risk may lead to new or heightened governmental regulations to mitigate those risks which could adversely affect our business. 
 We are subject to physical and transition risks associated with climate change and governmental regulations to address its impacts. In terms of physical risks, the nature and level of severe weather and/or natural disasters cannot be predicted and may be exacerbated by global climate change. Climate change has caused an increase in the frequency of severe weather patterns and natural disasters that could harm our operations through interference with communications, including the interruption or loss of our computer systems, which could prevent or impede us from gathering deposits, originating loans and processing and controlling the flow of business, as well as through the destruction of facilities and our operational, financial and management information systems. California, in which a substantial portion of our business and a substantial portion of our loan collateral is located, is susceptible to severe weather and natural disasters such as earthquakes, floods, droughts, and wildfires, and the increased frequency of these events could reduce the availability of insurance, and/or lead to prolonged disruptions in our operations. Severe weather and natural disasters could negatively impact our business operations or the stability of our deposit base, cause significant property damage, adversely impact the values of collateral securing our loans and/or interrupt our borrowers abilities to conduct their business in a manner to support their debt obligations, which could result in losses and increased provisions for credit losses. 
 In terms of transition risks, concerns regarding climate risk may lead to further governmental efforts to mitigate those risks, as well as changes in behavior and preferences by consumers and businesses associated with the transition to a less carbon-dependent economy. Future governmental regulations or guidance relating to climate risk and the transition to less carbon-dependent economies, as well as the perspectives of regulators, stockholders, employees and other stakeholders, may at some point in the future affect our product and service offerings and our ability to provide accurate climate-related regulatory reporting. Federal and state banking regulators and supervisory authorities, stockholders and other stakeholders have increasingly viewed financial institutions as playing an important role in helping to address risks related to climate change, both directly and with respect to our clients, which may result in increased pressure regarding the disclosure and management of climate risks and related lending and advisory activities. 
 As climate risk is interconnected with all key risk types, we are enhancing processes to embed climate risk considerations into our risk management strategies established for risks such as market, credit, reputational, strategic and operational risks; however, because the timing and severity of climate change may not be predictable, our risk management strategies may not be effective in mitigating climate risk exposure. In addition, our reputation and client relationships may be damaged as a result of our practices related to climate change, including our involvement, or our clients involvement, in certain industries or projects perceived to be associated with causing or exacerbating climate change, as well as any decisions we make to continue to conduct or change our activities in response to considerations relating to climate change. In the future, we may also become subject to new or heightened regulatory requirements related to climate change, such as requirements relating to operational resiliency or scenario analysis for various climate peril scenarios and the SEC s proposed rule regarding climate-related disclosures. Any new or heightened requirements could result in increased regulatory compliance or other costs or higher capital requirements. 
 40 

The risks associated with, and the perspective of regulators, stockholders, employees and other stakeholders regarding climate change are continuing to evolve rapidly, which can make it difficult to assess the ultimate impact on us of climate change-related risks and uncertainties, and we expect that climate change-related risks will increase over time. Currently, there are no existing regulations applicable to us related to climate risk, and we have not performed a climate risk impact assessment. 
 Acts of war or terrorism, international hostilities, domestic civil unrest, new public health issues, or other adverse external events could harm the Company s business. 
 Acts of war or terrorism, international hostilities, domestic civil unrest, new public health issues, and other adverse external events, and the potential impacts of such events, are unable to be predicted and could each negatively impact our business operations or the stability of our deposit base, cause significant property damage, adversely impact the value of collateral securing our loans, or interrupt our borrowers abilities to conduct their businesses in a manner to support their debt obligations. Other indirect adverse consequences from such events could result from impacts to the financial markets, the economy in general or in any region, or key parts of the infrastructure on which we and our customers and vendors rely, and could also cause a reduction in demand for lending or other services that we provide. There is no assurance that our business continuity and disaster recovery program can adequately mitigate the risks of business disruptions and interruptions related to such events. 
 Risk from Accounting and Other Estimates 
 Risk from Accounting and Other Estimates is the Risk That the Estimates and Assumptions That We Use in Preparing Our Consolidated Financial Statements and in Models We Utilize to Make Business Decisions may be Subject to Adjustment for Reasons Within or Beyond Our Control, Which Could Result in Unexpected Losses and Adverse Effects on Our Financial Condition. 
 The Company's consolidated financial statements are based in part on assumptions and estimates which, if incorrect, could cause unexpected losses in the future. 
 We have made a number of estimates and assumptions relating to the reporting of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities, and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses to prepare the Company s consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP. Actual results could differ from these estimates. Material estimates subject to change include, among other items, the allowance for credit losses, the carrying value of goodwill or other intangible assets, the fair value estimates of certain assets and liabilities, and the realization of deferred tax assets and liabilities. These estimates may be adjusted as more current information becomes available, and any adjustment may be significant. 
 There are risks resulting from the extensive use of models in our business. 
 We rely on quantitative models to measure risks and to estimate certain financial values. Models may be used in such processes as determining the pricing of various products, grading loans and extending credit, measuring interest rate and other market risks, predicting or estimating losses, assessing capital adequacy and calculating regulatory capital levels, as well as to estimate the value of financial instruments and balance sheet items. Poorly designed or implemented models present the risk that our business decisions based on information incorporating model output could be adversely affected due to the inaccuracy of that information. Models are often based on historical experience to predict future outcomes, and, as a result, new experiences, products or events that are not part of historical experience can significantly increase model imprecision and impact model reliability. The assumptions underlying models may also be incorrect, particularly during periods of prolonged market distress or volatility, such as we have experienced and may continue to experience as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. Model inputs can also include information provided by third parties, such as economic forecasts or macroeconomic variables (unemployment, Real GDP, CRE Price Index, BBB Spreads, CPI, etc.) upon which we rely. As a result, our models may not accurately capture or fully express the risks we face, or we may misjudge the business and economic environments in which we operate. Some of the decisions that our regulators make, including those related to capital distributions, could be affected due to the perception that the quality of the models used to generate the relevant information is insufficient, which could have a negative impact on our ability to make capital distributions in the form of dividends or share repurchases. Our reliance on models continues to increase as rules, guidance and expectations change. 
 41 

Risks Related to Investments in Our Securities 
 The primary source of the holding company s earnings from which we pay dividends, among other things, is the receipt of dividends from the Bank. 
 The holding company, PacWest, is a legal entity separate and distinct from the Bank and our other subsidiaries. Th e availability of dividends from the Bank is limited by various statutes and regulations. It is possible, depending upon the financial condition of the Bank and other factors, that the FRB, the FDIC and/or the DFPI could assert that payment of dividends or other payments is an unsafe or unsound practice. In the event the Bank is unable to pay dividends to the holding company, it is likely that we, in turn, would have to discontinue capital distributions in the form of dividends or share repurchases and may have difficulty meeting our other financial obligations, including payments in respect of any outstanding indebtedness or subordinated debt. The Bank may declare a dividend without the approval of the DFPI as long as the total dividends declared in a calendar year do not exceed either the retained earnings or the total of net earnings for the three previous fiscal years less any dividend paid during such period. The Bank had a cumulative net loss of 195.4 million during the three fiscal years of 2022, 2021, and 2020 due to the 1.47 billion goodwill impairment in the first quarter of 2020, compared to dividends of 569.0 million paid by the Bank during that same period. During 2022, PacWest received 129.0 million in dividends from the Bank. Since the Bank had an accumulated deficit of 790.9 million at December 31, 2022, for the foreseeable future, any cash dividends from the Bank to the holding company will continue to require DFPI and FDIC approval. The inability of the Bank to pay dividends to the holding company could have a material adverse effect on our business, including the market price of our common stock. 
 We may reduce or discontinue the payment of dividends on our common and preferred stock. 
 Our stockholders are only entitled to receive such dividends as our Board may declare out of funds legally available for such payments. Although we have historically declared cash dividends on our common and preferred stock, we are not required to do so and may reduce or eliminate our common and preferred stock dividends in the future. Our ability to pay dividends is subject to the restrictions set forth in Delaware law, by the FRB, and by certain covenants contained in our subordinated debt. Notification to the FRB is also required prior to our declaring and paying a cash dividend during any period in which our quarterly and/or cumulative twelve-month net earnings are insufficient to fund the dividend amount, among other requirements. Given the impact of the goodwill impairment charge on net earnings in the first quarter of 2020, we were required to receive approval from the FRB prior to declaring a dividend from March 31, 2020 through March 31, 2021, but are no longer required to obtain such approval. In addition, we may be restricted by applicable law or regulation or actions taken by our regulators, now or in the future, from paying dividends to our stockholders. We cannot provide assurance that we will continue paying dividends on our common and preferred stock at current levels or at all. Furthermore, our common stock is subordinate to our outstanding preferred stock with respect to the payment of dividends. 
 42 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 As of January 31, 2023 , we had a total of 147 properties consisting of 71 full-service branch offices and 76 other offices. We own four locations and the remaining properties are leased. Our properties are located throughout the United States, however, approximately 71 are located in California. We lease our principal office, which is located at 9701 Wilshire Blvd., Suite 700, Beverly Hills, CA 90212. 
 For additional information regarding properties of the Company and Pacific Western, see Note 7. Premises and Equipment, Net of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 See Note 14. Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in "Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data." That information is incorporated into this item by reference. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE 
 Not applicable. 
 43 

PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 Marketplace Designation and Holders 
 Our common stock is listed on The Nasdaq Global Select Market and is traded under the symbol PACW. As of February 16, 2023, and based on the records of our transfer agent, there were approximate ly 1,535 record holders of our common stock. 
 
 Dividends 
 For a discussion of dividend restrictions on the Company's common stock, or of dividends from the Company's subsidiaries to the Company, see Item 1. Business - Supervision and Regulation - Dividends and Share Repurchases and Note 23. Dividend Availability and Regulatory Matters of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 The following table provides information as of December 31, 2022 regarding securities issued and to be issued under our equity compensation plan in effect during fiscal year 2022: 
 Number of Securities Weighted Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Average Exercise Remaining Available Exercise of Price of for Future Issuance Outstanding Outstanding Under Equity Options, Options, Compensation Plans Warrants, and Warrants, and (Excluding Securities Rights Rights Reflected in Column (a)) Plan Category Plan Name (a) (b) (c) Amended and Restated Equity compensation PacWest Bancorp plans approved by 2017 Stock Incentive security holders Plan (1) 
 582,287 (2) 1,538,004 (3) Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders None Total 582,287 1,538,004 
 __________________________________ 
 (1) The Amended and Restated PacWest Bancorp 2017 Stock Incentive Plan (the Amended and Restated 2017 Plan was approved by our stockholders at our May 11, 2021 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, authorizing 6,650,000 shares for issuance, representing 4,000,000 shares originally approved for grant under the Original 2017 Stock Incentive Plan plus 2,650,000 shares added as a result of the approval of the Amended and Restated 2017 Plan. 
 (2) Amount includes PRSUs granted in 2022, 2021, and 2020 that may be issued at the end of their three-year performance period if certain financial metrics are met. The number of units shown represents a target amount and the number of units that will ultimately vest is unknown. Amount does not include 2,405,878 shares of unvested time-based restricted stock outstanding under the Amended and Restated 2017 Plan as of December 31, 2022. 
 (3) The Amended and Restated 2017 Plan permits these remaining shares to be issued in the form of options, PRSUs, restricted stock, or stock appreciation rights. 

44 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 None. 
 
 Repurchases of Common Stock 
 The following table presents stock repurchases we made during the fourth quarter of 2022: 
 Total Number of Maximum Dollar Shares Purchased Value of Shares Total as Part of That May Yet Number of Average Publicly Be Purchased Shares Price Paid Announced Under the Purchase Dates Purchased (1) 
 Per Share Program (2) 
 Program (2) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) October 1 - October 31, 2022 
 100,000 November 1 - November 30, 2022 
 3,852 26.12 100,000 December 1 - December 31, 2022 
 100,000 Total 3,852 26.12 
 ___________________________________ 
 (1) Includes shares repurchased pursuant to net settlement by employees in satisfaction of income tax withholding obligations incurred through the vesting of Company stock awards. 
 (2) On February 15, 2022 , PacWest's Board of Directors authorized a new Stock Repurchase Program, effective March 1, 2022, to repurchase shares of its common stock for an aggregate purchase price not to exceed 100 million with a program maturity date of February 28, 2023. 
 
 Five-Year Stock Performance Graph 
 The following chart compares the yearly percentage change in the cumulative stockholder return on our common stock based on the closing price during the five years ended December 31, 2022, with (1) the Total Return Index for U.S. companies traded on The Nasdaq Stock Market (the Nasdaq Composite Index ), and (2) the Total Return Index for KBW Nasdaq Regional Bank Stocks (the KBW Regional Banking Index ). This comparison assumes 100 was invested on December 31, 2017, in our common stock and the comparison groups and assumes the reinvestment of all cash dividends prior to any tax effect and retention of all stock dividends. The Company's total cumulative return was (43.35) over the five year period ending December 31, 2022 compared to returns of 58.65 and 18.59 for the Nasdaq Composite Index and KBW Regional Banking Index. 
 45 

___________________________________ 
 100 invested on December 31, 2017 in stock or index, including reinvestment of dividends. 
 Year Ended December 31, Index 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 PacWest Bancorp 100.00 69.21 84.84 59.39 108.13 56.65 Nasdaq Composite Index 100.00 97.16 132.81 192.47 235.15 158.65 KBW Regional Banking Index 100.00 82.50 102.15 93.25 127.42 118.59 
 
 ITEM 6. 
 Reserved. 
 
 46 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Overview 
 PacWest Bancorp, a Delaware corporation, is a bank holding company registered under the BHCA and headquartered in Los Angeles, California, with an executive office in Denver, Colorado. Our principal business is to serve as the holding company for our wholly-owned subsidiary, Pacific Western Bank. References to "Pacific Western" or the "Bank" refer to Pacific Western Bank together with its wholly-owned subsidiaries. References to "we," "us," or the "Company" refer to PacWest Bancorp together with its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. When we refer to "PacWest" or to the "holding company," we are referring to PacWest Bancorp, the parent company, on a stand-alone basis. 
 The Bank is a relationship-based community bank focused on providing business banking and treasury management services to small, middle-market, and venture-backed businesses. The Bank offers a broad range of loan and lease and deposit products and services through full-service branches throughout California and in Durham, North Carolina and Denver, Colorado, and loan production offices around the country. 
 The following table presents balance sheet data as of the dates indicated: 
 December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (In thousands) Balance Sheet Data: Total assets 41,228,936 40,443,344 29,498,442 Interest-earning deposits in financial institutions 2,027,949 3,944,686 3,010,197 Securities available-for-sale 4,843,487 10,694,458 5,235,591 Securities held-to-maturity 2,269,135 Loans and leases held for investment, net of deferred fees 28,674,205 22,941,548 19,083,377 Goodwill 1,376,736 1,405,736 1,078,670 Core deposit and customer relationship intangibles 31,381 44,957 23,641 Total liabilities 37,278,405 36,443,714 25,903,491 Noninterest-bearing deposits 11,212,357 14,543,133 9,193,827 Core deposits 26,561,129 32,734,949 22,264,480 Total deposits 33,936,334 34,997,757 24,940,717 Borrowings 1,764,030 5,000 Subordinated debt 867,087 863,283 465,812 Stockholders equity 3,950,531 3,999,630 3,594,951 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had total assets of 41.2 billion, including 28.7 billion of total loans and leases, net of deferred fees, and 4.8 billion of securities available-for-sale, 2.3 billion of securities held-to-maturity, and 2.0 billion of interest-earning deposits in financial institutions, compared to 40.4 billion of total assets, including 22.9 billion of total loans and leases, net of deferred fees, 10.7 billion of securities available-for-sale, no securities held-to-maturity, and 3.9 billion of interest-earning deposits in financial institutions at December 31, 2021. The 785.6 million increase in total assets since year-end 2021 was due primarily to a 5.7 billion increase in loans and leases, net of deferred fees, and a 2.3 billion increase in securities held-to-maturity, offset partially by a 5.9 billion decrease in securities available-for-sale and a 1.9 billion decrease in interest-earning deposits in financial institutions. The changes in securities available-for-sale and securities held-to-maturity were due mainly to a 2.3 billion transfer from available-for-sale to held-to-maturity during the second quarter of 2022. Contributing to the decrease in securities available-for-sale were sales of 2.1 billion and a net increase in net unrealized losses of 902.1 million due to the significant increase in market interest rates during 2022. 
 47 

At December 31, 2022, the Company had total liabilities of 37.3 billion, including total deposits of 33.9 billion and borrowings of 1.8 billion, compared to 36.4 billion of total liabilities, including 35.0 billion of total deposits and no borrowings at December 31, 2021. The 834.7 million increase in total liabilities since year-end 2021 was due mainly to increases of 1.3 billion in secured FHLB borrowings, 1.7 billion in wholesale non-maturity deposits, and 3.4 billion in time deposits, offset partially by a decrease of 6.2 billion in core deposits. The decrease in core deposits by component was due to decreases of 3.3 billion in noninterest-bearing demand deposits, 2.5 billion in money market deposits, 329.5 million in interest checking deposits, and 53.0 million in savings deposits. At December 31, 2022, core deposits totaled 26.6 billion, or 78 of total deposits, including 11.2 billion of noninterest-bearing demand deposits, or 33 of total deposits. 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had total stockholders' equity of 3.95 billion compared to 4.00 billion at December 31, 2021. The 49.1 million decrease in stockholder s' equity sin ce year-end 2021 was due mainly to a 856.9 million decrease in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) attributable to the investment securities portfolio going from a net unrealized gain of 66.0 million to a net unrealized loss of 790.9 million, and 120.3 million of common stock cash dividends paid, offset partially by 498.5 million in net proceeds from our Series A preferred stock issuance in June 2022 and 423.6 million in net earnings. Our consolidated Tier 1 capital and Total capital ratios increased to 10.61 and 13.61 at December 31, 2022, due primarily to net earnings, the Series A preferred stock issuance, and the credit-linked notes issuance in September 2022, while our consolidated common equity Tier 1 capital ratio decreased to 8.70 due to risk-weighted assets growing at a higher percentage than common equity Tier 1 capital as the Series A preferred stock is excluded from thi s calculation. 
 
 Recent Events 
 Credit-Linked Notes Issuance 
 On September 29, 2022, Pacific Western Bank completed a credit-linked notes transaction. The notes were issued and sold at par and had an aggregate principal amount of 132.8 million with net proceeds of approximately 128.7 million and are due June 27, 2052. The notes are linked to the credit risk of an approximately 2.66 billion reference pool of previously purchased single-family residential mortgage loans. The notes were issued in five classes with a blended rate on the notes of SOFR plus 11.00 . The transaction results in a lower risk-weighting on the reference pool of loans for regulatory capital purposes. 
 Preferred Stock Issuance 
 On June 6, 2022, the Company issued and sold 20,530,000 depositary shares (the Depositary Shares ), each representing a 1/40 th ownership interest in a share of the Company s 7.75 fixed rate reset non-cumulative, non-convertible, perpetual preferred stock, par value 0.01 per share (the Series A preferred stock ), with a liquidation preference of 1,000 per share (equivalent to 25.00 per Depositary Share). The Series A preferred stock qualifies as Tier 1 capital for purposes of the regulatory capital calculations. The gross proceeds were 513.3 million while net proceeds from the issuance of the Series A preferred stock, after deducting 14.7 million of offering costs including the underwriting discount and other expenses, were 498.5 million. A total of 513,250 shares of Series A preferred stock was issued. For additional information regarding the Series A preferred stock issuance, see Note 22. Stockholders' Equity . 
 
 Key Performance Indicators 
 Among other factors, our operating results generally depend on the following key performance indicators: 
 The Level of Net Interest Income 
 Net interest income is the excess of interest earned on our interest-earning assets over the interest paid on our interest-bearing liabilities. Net interest margin is net interest income (annualized if related to a quarterly period) expressed as a percentage of average interest-earning assets. Tax equivalent net interest income is net interest income increased by an adjustment for tax-exempt interest on certain loans and investment securities based on a 21 federal statutory tax rate. Tax equivalent net interest margin is calculated as tax equivalent net interest income divided by average interest-earning assets. 
 48 

Net interest income is affected by changes in both interest rates and the volume of average interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. Our primary interest-earning assets are loans and investment securities, and our primary interest-bearing liabilities are deposits and borrowings. Contributing to our strong net interest margin is our strong yield on loans and leases and concentration of lower cost core deposits. While our deposit balances will fluctuate depending on our customers liquidity and cash flow, market conditions, and competitive pressures, we seek to minimize the impact of these variances by attracting a high percentage of noninterest-bearing deposits. During 2022, our net interest margin was negatively impacted because we accessed the wholesale funding market to replace outflows of core deposits. 
 Loan and Lease Growth 
 We actively seek new lending opportunities under an array of lending products. Our lending activities include real estate mortgage loans, real estate construction and land loans, commercial loans and leases, and a small amount of consumer lending. Our commercial real estate loans and real estate construction loans are secured by a range of property types. Our commercial loans and leases portfolio is diverse and generally includes various asset-secured loans, equipment-secured loans and leases, venture capital loans to support venture capital firms operations and the operations of entrepreneurial and venture-backed companies during the various phases of their early life cycles, and secured business loans. In January 2023, we announced that we are slowing loan growth to preserve capital and strengthen our balance sheet, including winding down our premium finance and multi-family lending groups in the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 Our loan origination process emphasizes credit quality. To augment our internal loan production, we have historically purchased loans such as multi-family loans from other banks, private student loans from third-party lenders, and, most recently, single-family residential mortgage loans. Prior to our acquisition of Civic, we also purchased loans from Civic. These loan purchases help us manage the concentrations in our portfolio as they diversify the geographic risk, interest-rate risk, credit risk, and product composition of our loan portfolio. Achieving net loan growth is subject to many factors, including maintaining strict credit standards, competition from other lenders, and borrowers that opt to prepay loans. 
 The Magnitude of Credit Losses 
 We emphasize credit quality in originating and monitoring our loans and leases, and we measure our success by the levels of our classified loans and leases, nonaccrual loans and leases, and net charge-offs. We maintain an allowance for credit losses on loans and leases, which is the sum of the allowance for loan and lease losses and the reserve for unfunded loan commitments. Provisions for credit losses are charged to operations as and when needed for both on and off-balance sheet credit exposures. Loans and leases that are deemed uncollectable are charged off and deducted from the allowance for loan and lease losses. Recoveries on loans and leases previously charged off are added to the allowance for loan and lease losses. The provision for credit losses on the loan and lease portfolio is based on our allowance methodology, which considers the impact of assumptions and is reflective of historical experience, economic forecasts viewed to be reasonable and supportable by management, the current loan and lease composition, and relative credit risks known as of the balance sheet date. For originated and acquired credit-deteriorated loans, a provision for credit losses may be recorded to reflect credit deterioration after the origination date or after the acquisition date, respectively. 
 We regularly review loans and leases to determine whether there has been any deterioration in credit quality resulting from borrower operations or changes in collateral value or other factors which may affect collectability of our loans and leases. Changes in economic conditions, such as the rate of economic growth, the unemployment rate, rate of inflation, increases in the general level of interest rates, declines in real estate values, changes in commodity prices, and adverse conditions in borrowers businesses, could negatively impact our borrowers and cause us to adversely classify loans and leases. An increase in classified loans and leases generally results in increased provisions for credit losses and an increased allowance for credit losses. Any deterioration in the real estate market may lead to increased provisions for credit losses because our loans are concentrated in real estate loans. 
 49 

The Level of Noninterest Expense 
 Our noninterest expense includes fixed and controllable overhead, the largest components of which are compensation and occupancy expense. It also includes costs that tend to vary based on the volume of activity, such as loan and lease production and the number and complexity of foreclosed assets. We measure success in controlling both fixed and variable costs through monitoring of the efficiency ratio, which is calculated by dividing noninterest expense (less intangible asset amortization, net foreclosed assets expense (income), goodwill impairment, and acquisition, integration and reorganization costs) by net revenues (the sum of tax equivalent net interest income plus noninterest income, less gain (loss) on sale of securities and gain (loss) on sales of assets other than loans and leases). 
 The following table presents the calculation of our efficiency ratio for the years indicated: 
 Year Ended December 31, Efficiency Ratio 2022 2021 2020 (Dollars in thousands) Noninterest expense 773,521 637,417 1,984,019 Less: Intangible asset amortization 13,576 12,734 14,753 Foreclosed assets income, net (3,737) (213) (17) Goodwill impairment 29,000 1,470,000 Acquisition, integration and reorganization costs 5,703 9,415 1,060 Noninterest expense used for efficiency ratio 728,979 615,481 498,223 Net interest income (tax equivalent) 1,304,504 1,119,028 1,023,466 Noninterest income 74,827 193,927 146,060 Net revenues 1,379,331 1,312,955 1,169,526 Less: (Loss) gain on sale of securities (50,321) 1,615 13,171 Net revenues used for efficiency ratio 1,429,652 1,311,340 1,156,355 Efficiency ratio 51.0 46.9 43.1 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 The following discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of the consolidated financial statements requires us to make a number of estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and assumptions based upon historical experience and various other factors and circumstances. We believe that our estimates and assumptions are reasonable; however, actual results may ultimately differ significantly from these estimates and assumptions, which could have a material adverse effect on the carrying value of assets and liabilities at the balance sheet dates and on our results of operations for the reporting periods. 
 Our significant accounting policies and practices are described in Note 1. Nature of Operations and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in "Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data." We have identified three policies and estimates as being critical because they require management to make particularly difficult, subjective, and/or complex judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain and because of the likelihood that materially different amounts would be reported under different conditions or using different assumptions. These policies relate to the allowance for credit losses on loans and leases held for investment, the carrying value of goodwill and other intangible assets, and the realization of deferred tax assets and liabilities. 
 50 

Allowance for Credit Losses on Loans and Leases Held for Investment 
 For information regarding the calculation and policies of the allowance for credit losses on loans and leases held for investment, see " - Balance Sheet Analysis - Allowance for Credit Losses on Loans and Leases Held for Investment " and Note 1(j). Nature of Operations and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Allowance for Credit Losses on Loans and Leases Held for Investment, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in "Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data." 
 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 
 Goodwill and other intangible assets arise from the acquisition method of accounting for business combinations. For acquisitions, we are required to record the assets acquired, including identified intangible assets such as goodwill, and the liabilities assumed at their estimated fair value. These fair values often involve estimates based on third party valuations, such as appraisals, based on discounted cash flow analyses or other valuation techniques that may include estimates of attrition, discount rates, future growth rates, multiples of earnings or other relevant factors. Goodwill and other intangible assets generated from business combinations and deemed to have indefinite lives are not subject to amortization and instead are tested for impairment annually unless a triggering event occurs thereby requiring an updated assessment. Our regular annual impairment assessment occurs in the fourth quarter. Impairment exists when the carrying value of the goodwill exceeds its fair value. An impairment loss would be recognized in an amount equal to that excess as a charge to "Noninterest expense" in the consolidated statements of earnings (loss). 
 Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities 
 We are subject to the income tax laws of the U.S., its states, and the municipalities in which we operate. These tax laws are complex and subject to different interpretations by the taxpayer and the relevant governing taxing authorities. We review income tax expense and the carrying value of deferred tax assets and liabilities quarterly, and as new information becomes available, the balances are adjusted as appropriate. In establishing a provision for income tax expense, we must make judgments and interpretations about the application of these inherently complex tax laws. We must also make estimates about when in the future certain tax items will affect taxable income in the various tax jurisdictions. 
 Our deferred tax assets and liabilities arise from differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. We determine whether a deferred tax asset is realizable based on facts and circumstances, including our current and projected future tax position, the historical level of our taxable income, and estimates of our future taxable income. In most cases, the realization of deferred tax assets is based on our future profitability. If we were to experience either reduced profitability or operating losses in a future period, the realization of our deferred tax assets may no longer be considered more likely than not and, accordingly, we could be required to record a valuation allowance on our deferred tax assets by charging earnings. 
 51 

Non-GAAP Measurements 
 We use certain non GAAP financial measures to provide meaningful supplemental information regarding the Company s operational performance and to enhance investors overall understanding of such financial performance. The methodology for determining these non-GAAP measures may differ among companies. We use the following non-GAAP measures in this Form 10-K: 
 Return on average tangible common equity, tangible common equity ratio, and tangible book value per share: Given that the use of these measures is prevalent among banking regulators, investors and analysts, we disclose them in addition to the related GAAP measures of return on average equity, equity to assets ratio, and book value per share, respectively. The reconciliations of these non-GAAP measurements to the GAAP measurements are presented in the following tables for and as of the years presented. 
 Year Ended December 31, Return on Average Tangible Common Equity 
 2022 2021 2020 (Dollars in thousands) Net earnings (loss) 423,613 606,959 (1,237,574) Less: Preferred stock dividends (19,339) Net earnings (loss) available to common stockholders 404,274 606,959 (1,237,574) Add: Intangible asset amortization 13,576 12,734 14,753 Goodwill impairment 29,000 1,470,000 Adjusted net earnings 446,850 619,693 247,179 Average stockholders' equity 3,853,033 3,808,019 3,857,610 Less: Average intangible assets 1,443,528 1,269,546 1,470,989 Less: Average preferred stock 285,488 Average tangible common equity 2,124,017 2,538,473 2,386,621 Return on average equity (1) 
 10.99 15.94 (32.08) Return on average tangible common equity (2) 
 21.04 24.41 10.36 
 ____________________________________________________ 
 (1) Net earnings (loss) divided by average stockholders' equity. 
 (2) Adjusted net earnings divided by average tangible common equity. 
 
 52 

Tangible Common Equity Ratio and December 31, Tangible Book Value Per Common Share 2022 2021 2020 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) Stockholders equity 3,950,531 3,999,630 3,594,951 Less: Preferred stock 498,516 Total common equity 3,452,015 3,999,630 3,594,951 Less: Intangible assets 1,408,117 1,450,693 1,102,311 Tangible common equity 2,043,898 2,548,937 2,492,640 Add: Accumulated other comprehensive loss (income) 790,903 (65,968) (172,523) Adjusted tangible common equity 2,834,801 2,482,969 2,320,117 Total assets 41,228,936 40,443,344 29,498,442 Less: Intangible assets 1,408,117 1,450,693 1,102,311 Tangible assets 39,820,819 38,992,651 28,396,131 Equity to assets ratio 9.58 9.89 12.19 Tangible common equity ratio (1) 
 5.13 6.54 8.78 Tangible common equity ratio, excluding AOCI (2) 
 7.12 6.37 8.17 Book value per common share (3) 
 28.71 33.45 30.36 Tangible book value per common share (4) 
 17.00 21.31 21.05 Tangible book value per common share, excluding AOCI (5) 
 23.58 20.76 19.59 Common shares outstanding 120,222,057 119,584,854 118,414,853 
 _________________________________________________________________ 
 (1) Tangible common equity divided by tangible assets. 
 (2) Adjusted tangible common equity divided by tangible assets. 
 (3) Total common equity divided by common shares outstanding. 
 (4) Tangible common equity divided by common shares outstanding. 
 (5) Adjusted tangible common equity divided by common shares outstanding. 

53 

Results of Operations 
 
 Earnings Performance 
 The following table presents performance metrics for the years indicated: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Earnings Summary: Interest income 1,556,489 1,158,729 1,103,491 Interest expense (265,727) (54,905) (88,933) Net interest income 1,290,762 1,103,824 1,014,558 Provision for credit losses (24,500) 162,000 (339,000) Noninterest income 74,827 193,927 146,060 Operating expense (744,521) (637,417) (514,019) Goodwill impairment (29,000) (1,470,000) Earnings (loss) before income taxes 567,568 822,334 (1,162,401) Income tax expense (143,955) (215,375) (75,173) Net earnings (loss) 423,613 606,959 (1,237,574) Preferred stock dividends (19,339) Net earnings (loss) available to common stockholders 404,274 606,959 (1,237,574) Per Common Share Data: Diluted earnings (loss) per share 3.37 5.10 (10.61) Book value per share 28.71 33.45 30.36 Tangible book value per share (1) 
 17.00 21.31 21.05 Performance Ratios: Return on average assets 1.05 1.71 (4.46) Return on average tangible common equity (1) 
 21.04 24.41 10.36 Net interest margin (tax equivalent) 3.49 3.40 4.05 Yield on average loans and leases (tax equivalent) 5.07 5.08 5.18 Cost of average total deposits 0.59 0.09 0.27 Efficiency ratio 51.0 46.9 43.1 Capital Ratios (consolidated): Common equity tier 1 capital ratio 8.70 8.86 10.53 Tier 1 capital ratio 10.61 9.32 10.53 Total capital ratio 13.61 12.69 13.76 Tier 1 leverage capital ratio 8.61 6.84 8.55 Risk-weighted assets 33,030,960 28,508,808 22,837,693 
 _____________________________ 
 (1) See "- Non-GAAP Measurements." 
 54 

2022 Compared to 2021 
 Net earnings available to common stockholders for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 404.3 million , or 3.37 per diluted share , compared to net earnings available to common stockholders for the year ended December 31, 2021 of 607.0 million , or 5.10 per diluted share. The 202.7 million decrease in net earnings available to common stockholders was due mainly to a higher provision for credit losses of 186.5 million, lower noninterest income of 119.1 million, a goodwill impairment charge of 29.0 million in the fourth quarter of 2022, higher operating expense of 107.1 million, and higher preferred stock dividends of 19.3 million, offset partially by higher net interest income of 186.9 million and lower income tax expense of 71.4 million. The increase in the provision for credit losses was due to a 24.5 million provision for 2022 compared to a provision benefit of 162.0 million for 2021. The increase in the provision for credit losses in 2022 was due primarily to the growth in loans and leases and unfunded loan commitments and a less favorable economic forecast. The provision benefit in 2021 was due mainly to improvement in both macroeconomic forecast variables and loan portfolio credit quality metrics. Noninterest income decreased due primarily to reductions of 51.9 million in gain on sale of securities, 46.9 million in warrant income, and 26.5 million in dividends and gains (losses) on equity investments, with the latter two attributable mostly to a decrease in capital markets activity in 2022. The decrease in gain on sales of securities was due mainly to sales of 1.0 billion in the fourth quarter of 2022 for a net loss of 49.3 million. Such sales were done strategically with proceeds used to pay down FHLB borrowings and to improve the capital and liquidity position of the Bank going forward. The goodwill impairment charge related to Civic was the result of a strategy to restructure this lending subsidiary. Operating expense increased due primarily to an increase of 38.4 million in compensation expense and an increase of 34.8 million in customer related expense attributable mainly to higher customer analysis expenses. The increase in compensation was due mostly to the incremental expense of the higher headcount in 2022 from the acquired operations of Civic and the HOA Business in 2021, incremental additions to staff in certain business lines, and staff added to support our digital and innovation initiatives. The increase in preferred stock dividends was due to the Company's preferred stock issuance on June 6, 2022. Net interest income increased due mainly to higher interest income on loans and leases and investment securities attributable primarily to higher average balances, offset partially by higher interest expense on interest-bearing liabilities due to higher rates and average balances. The decrease in income tax expense was due primarily to lower pre-tax earnings in 2022 compared to 2021. 
 2021 Compared to 2020 
 Net earnings available for common stockholders for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 607.0 million, or 5.10 per diluted share, compared to net loss available to common stockholders for the year ended December 31, 2020 of 1.24 billion, or 10.61 per diluted share. The 1.84 billion increase in net earnings available to common stockholders was due primarily to a 1.47 billion goodwill impairment charge in the first quarter of 2020 combined with a decrease in the provision for credit losses of 501.0 million due to improvement in both the macroeconomic forecast variables used in the process to determine the allowance for credit losses and the loan portfolio credit quality metrics, offset partially by net loan growth for the year. 
 
 55 

Net Interest Income 
 The following table summarizes the distribution of average assets, liabilities, and stockholders equity, as well as interest income and yields earned on average interest earning assets and interest expense and rates paid on average interest bearing liabilities, presented on a tax equivalent basis, for the years indicated: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Interest 
 Yields 
 Interest 
 Yields 
 Interest 
 Yields 
 Average 
 Income/ 
 and 
 Average 
 Income/ 
 and 
 Average 
 Income/ 
 and 
 Balance 
 Expense 
 Rates 
 Balance 
 Expense 
 Rates 
 Balance 
 Expense 
 Rates 
 (Dollars in thousands) ASSETS: Loans and leases (1)(2)(3) 
 26,044,463 1,320,449 5.07 19,762,220 1,003,027 5.08 19,243,961 995,973 5.18 Investment securities (2)(4) 
 9,120,717 215,624 2.36 7,486,009 162,102 2.17 4,175,918 112,843 2.70 Deposits in financial institutions 2,185,585 34,158 1.56 5,692,338 8,804 0.15 1,856,942 3,583 0.19 Total interest earning assets (2) 
 37,350,765 1,570,231 4.20 32,940,567 1,173,933 3.56 25,276,821 1,112,399 4.40 Other assets 3,130,816 2,577,921 2,475,591 Total assets 40,481,581 35,518,488 27,752,412 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY: Interest checking 6,851,831 66,494 0.97 7,198,646 8,709 0.12 4,394,742 12,791 0.29 Money market 10,601,028 95,376 0.90 8,843,122 12,993 0.15 6,547,027 19,178 0.29 Savings 639,720 188 0.03 606,741 148 0.02 538,985 263 0.05 Time 2,540,426 38,391 1.51 1,471,963 5,958 0.40 2,169,324 27,431 1.26 Total interest-bearing deposits 20,633,005 200,449 0.97 18,120,472 27,808 0.15 13,650,078 59,663 0.44 Borrowings 961,601 25,645 2.67 231,099 623 0.27 825,681 8,161 0.99 Subordinated debt 863,883 39,633 4.59 733,163 26,474 3.61 461,059 21,109 4.58 Total interest bearing liabilities 22,458,489 265,727 1.18 19,084,734 54,905 0.29 14,936,818 88,933 0.60 Noninterest bearing demand 
 deposits 
 13,601,766 12,110,193 8,517,281 Other liabilities 568,293 515,542 440,703 Total liabilities 36,628,548 31,710,469 23,894,802 Stockholders equity 3,853,033 3,808,019 3,857,610 Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 40,481,581 35,518,488 27,752,412 Net interest income (2) 
 1,304,504 1,119,028 1,023,466 Net interest rate spread (2) 
 3.02 3.27 3.80 Net interest margin (2) 
 3.49 3.40 4.05 Total deposits (5) 
 34,234,771 200,449 0.59 30,230,665 27,808 0.09 22,167,359 59,663 0.27 
 _____________________ 
 (1) Includes nonaccrual loans and leases and loan fees. Includes tax-equivalent adjustments related to tax-exempt interest on loans. 
 (2) Tax equivalent. 
 (3) Includes net loan premium amortization o f 17.9 million and 11.4 million for 2022 and 2021 and net loan discount accretion of 5.6 million for 2020, respectively. 
 (4) Includes tax-equivalent adjustments of 5.9 million, 8.6 million, and 6.1 million for 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, related to tax-exempt interest on investment securities. The federal statutory rate utilized wa s 21 . 
 (5) Total deposits is the sum of interest-bearing deposits and noninterest-bearing demand deposits. The cost of total deposits is calculated as annualized interest expense on total deposits divided by average total deposits. 

56 

Net interest income is affected by changes in both interest rates and the amounts of average interest earning assets and interest bearing liabilities. The changes in the yields earned on average interest earning assets and rates paid on average interest bearing liabilities are referred to as changes in rate. The changes in the amounts of average interest earning assets and interest bearing liabilities are referred to as changes in volume. The change in interest income/expense attributable to rate reflects the change in rate multiplied by the prior year s volume. The change in interest income/expense attributable to volume reflects the change in volume multiplied by the prior year s rate. The change in interest income/expense not attributable specifically to either rate or volume is allocated ratably between the two categories. 
 The following table presents changes in interest income (tax equivalent) and interest expense and related changes in rate and volume for the years indicated: 
 2022 Compared to 2021 
 2021 Compared to 2020 
 Total Increase (Decrease) Total Increase (Decrease) Increase Due to Increase Due to (Decrease) Rate Volume (Decrease) Rate Volume (In thousands) Interest Income: Loans and leases (1) 
 317,422 (1,975) 319,397 7,054 (19,473) 26,527 Investment securities (1) 
 53,522 15,318 38,204 49,259 (25,701) 74,960 Deposits in financial institutions 25,354 33,668 (8,314) 5,221 (865) 6,086 Total interest income (1) 
 396,298 47,011 349,287 61,534 (46,039) 107,573 Interest Expense: Interest checking deposits 57,785 58,222 (437) (4,082) (9,742) 5,660 Money market deposits 82,383 79,233 3,150 (6,185) (11,296) 5,111 Savings deposits 40 36 4 (115) (151) 36 Time deposits 32,433 25,708 6,725 (21,473) (14,598) (6,875) Total interest-bearing deposits 172,641 163,199 9,442 (31,855) (35,787) 3,932 Borrowings 25,022 18,458 6,564 (7,538) (3,788) (3,750) Subordinated debt 13,159 7,942 5,217 5,365 (5,166) 10,531 Total interest expense 210,822 189,599 21,223 (34,028) (44,741) 10,713 Net interest income (1) 
 185,476 (142,588) 328,064 95,562 (1,298) 96,860 
 _____________________ 
 (1) Tax equivalent. 
 2022 Compared to 2021 
 Net interest income increased by 186.9 million to 1.3 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 1.1 billion for the year ended December 31, 2021 due mainly to higher interest income on loans and leases and investment securities, offset partially by higher interest expense. The increase in interest income on loans and leases was attributable to a higher average balance, offset partially by a lower yield on average loans and leases. The tax equivalent yield on average loans and leases decreased slightly to 5.07 for 2022 from 5.08 for 2021 due mainly to higher amortized fees in 2021 resulting from the significant fees from PPP loans in 2021, offset partially by higher market rates in 2022. Amortized fees added approximately 21 basis points to loan yields in 2022 and 38 basis points to loan yields in 2021. The increase in interest income on investment securities was due to a higher average balance and higher yield on average investment securities. The increase in interest expense was due to a higher cost and balance of average interest-bearing liabilities. 
 57 

The tax equivalent NIM for the year ended December 31, 2022 w as 3.49 compared to 3.40 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in the tax equivalent NIM was due mostly to the change in the mix of average interest-earning assets. The change in the mix of average interest-earning assets was due to the increase in the balance of average loans and leases as a percentage of average interest-earning assets from 60 to 70 , the increase in the balance of average investment securities as a percentage of average interest-earning assets from 23 to 24 , and the decrease in the balance of average deposits in financial institutions as a percentage of average interest-earning assets from 17 to 6 . The balance of average loans and leases increased by 6.3 billion, the balance of average investment securities increased by 1.6 billion, and the balance of average deposits in financial institutions declined by 3.5 billion. 
 The cost of average total deposits increased t o 0.59 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 0.09 for year ended December 31, 2021 due mainly to higher market rates on our deposit products and higher average balances and rates on higher-cost wholesale and brokered time deposits. Average wholesale and brokered time deposits increased by 1.5 billion to 2.8 billion for 2022 from 1.3 billion for 2021. 
 2021 Compared to 2020 
 Net interest income increased by 89.3 million to 1.1 billion for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 1.0 billion for the year ended December 31, 2020 due mainly to higher income on investment securities attributable to a higher average balance, offset partially by a lower yield combined with lower interest expense due to lower rates paid on deposits, borrowings, and subordinated debt in conjunction with decreased market rates, offset partially by higher average balances for interest-bearing deposits and subordinated debt. The tax equivalent yield on average loans and leases was 5.08 for 2021 compared to 5.18 for 2020 attributable mainly to decreased market rates and the purchases of lower yielding single-family residential mortgage loans primarily in the second half of 2021. 
 The tax equivalent NIM for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 3.40 compared to 4.05 for the year ended December 31, 2020. The decrease in the tax equivalent NIM was due mostly to the change in the mix of average interest-earning assets and the lower yields on average investment securities and loans and leases, offset partially by lower costs of deposits, borrowings, and subordinated debt. The change in the mix of average interest-earning assets was due to a 3.8 billion increase in average deposits in financial institutions, a 3.3 billion increase in average investment securities, and a 518.3 million increase in average loans and leases. Average loans and leases as a percentage of average interest-earning assets was 60 for 2021 compared to 76 for 2020. Average investment securities as a percentage of average interest-earning assets was 23 for 2021 compared to 17 for 2020. Average deposits in financial institutions as a percentage of average interest-earning assets was 17 for 2021 compared to 7 for 2020. 
 The cost of average total deposits decreased to 0.09 for the year ended December 31, 2021 from 0.27 for year ended December 31, 2020 due to lower rates paid on deposits in conjunction with decreased market rates. 
 
 58 

Provision for Credit Losses 
 The following table sets forth the details of the provision for credit losses on loans and leases held for investment and held-to-maturity debt securities as well as information regarding credit quality metrics for the years indicated: 
 Year Ended December 31, Increase Increase 2022 (Decrease) 2021 (Decrease) 2020 (Dollars in thousands) Provision For Credit Losses: Addition to (reduction in) allowance for loan and lease losses 5,000 154,500 (149,500) (442,500) 293,000 Addition to (reduction in) reserve for unfunded loan commitments 18,000 30,500 (12,500) (58,500) 46,000 Total loan-related provision 23,000 185,000 (162,000) (501,000) 339,000 Addition to allowance for held-to-maturity securities 1,500 1,500 Total provision for credit losses 24,500 186,500 (162,000) (501,000) 339,000 Credit Quality Metrics: Net charge-offs (recoveries) on loans and leases held for investment (1) 
 4,832 6,715 (1,883) (89,104) 87,221 Net charge-offs (recoveries) to average loans and leases 0.02 (0.01) 0.45 At year-end: Allowance for credit losses 291,803 18,168 273,635 (160,117) 433,752 Allowance for credit losses to loans and leases held for investment 1.02 1.19 2.27 Allowance for credit losses to nonaccrual loans and leases held for investment 281.2 447.3 475.8 Nonaccrual loans and leases held for investment 103,778 42,604 61,174 (29,989) 91,163 Nonaccrual loans and leases held for investment to loans and leases held for investment 0.36 0.27 0.48 
 ______________________ 
 (1) See "- Balance Sheet Analysis - Allowance for Credit Losses on Loans and Leases Held for Investment " for detail of charge-offs and recoveries by loan portfolio segment, class, and subclass for the years presented. 
 Provisions for credit losses are charged to earnings for both on and off balance sheet credit exposures. The provisions for credit losses on our loans and leases held for investment and held-to-maturity debt securities are based on our allowance methodologies and are expenses that, in our judgment, are required to maintain an adequate allowance for credit losses for both assets held at amortized cost. 
 2022 Compared to 2021 
 The provision for credit losses increased by 186.5 million to a provision of 24.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to a provision benefit of 162.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. During 2022 , the 23.0 million loan-related provision was due primarily to the growth in loans and leases and unfunded loan commitments and a less favorable economic forecast offset partially by a decrease in qualitative reserves. We also recorded a 1.5 million provision on held-to-maturity securities related to the 2.3 billion transfer from available-for-sale securities during the second quarter of 2022 and the estimated current expected credit loss on those held-to-maturity securities. During 2021, a provision benefit was recorded as a result of improvement in both macro-economic forecast variables and loan portfolio credit quality metrics offset partially by increased provisions for unfunded loan commitments and loan growth. 
 59 

2021 Compared to 2020 
 The provision for credit losses decreased by 501.0 million to a provision for credit losses benefit of 162.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to a provision of 339.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 as a res ult of improvement in both the macroeconomic forecast variables used in the process to determine the allowance for credit losses and the loan portfolio credit quality metrics, offset partially by net loan growth for the year. 
 Certain circumstances may lead to increased provisions for credit losses on loans and leases in the future. Examples of such circumstances are an increased amount of classified and/or nonperforming loans and leases, net loan and lease and unfunded commitment growth, and changes in economic conditions and forecasts. Changes in economic conditions and forecasts include the rate of economic growth, the unemployment rate, the rate of inflation, changes in the general level of interest rates, changes in real estate values, and adverse conditions in borrowers businesses. 
 For information regarding the allowance for credit losses on loans and leases held for investment, see "- Balance Sheet Analysis - Allowance for Credit Losses on Loans and Leases Held for Investment ," Note 1(j). Nature of Operations and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Allowance for Credit Losses on Loans and Leases Held for Investment , and Note 5. Loans and Leases of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 For information regarding the allowance for credit losses on held-to-maturity debt securities, see Note 1(g). Nature of Operations and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Allowance for Credit Losses on Held-to-Maturity Debt Securities , and Note 4. Investment Securities of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 Noninterest Income 
 The following table summarizes noninterest income by category for the years indicated: 
 Year Ended December 31, Increase Increase Noninterest Income 2022 (Decrease) 2021 (Decrease) 2020 (In thousands) Leased equipment income 50,586 4,840 45,746 2,118 43,628 Other commissions and fees 43,635 1,348 42,287 1,940 40,347 Service charges on deposit accounts 13,991 722 13,269 2,918 10,351 Gain on sale of loans and leases 518 (1,215) 1,733 (406) 2,139 (Loss) gain on sale of securities (50,321) (51,936) 1,615 (11,556) 13,171 Dividends and (losses) gains on equity investments (3,389) (26,504) 23,115 8,131 14,984 Warrant income 2,490 (46,851) 49,341 38,732 10,609 Other income 17,317 496 16,821 5,990 10,831 Total noninterest income 74,827 (119,100) 193,927 47,867 146,060 
 2022 Compared to 2021 
 Noninterest income decreased by 119.1 million to 74.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 193.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 due mainly to decreases of 51.9 million in gain on sale of securities, 46.9 million in warrant income, and 26.5 million in dividends and gains on equity investments, with the declines in the latter two items due to decreased capital market activity in 2022 and volatility in equity markets resulting from geopolitical tensions and inflationary pressures. The decrease in gain on sales of securities was due mainly to sales of 1.0 billion in the fourth quarter of 2022 for a net loss of 49.3 million. Such sales were done strategically with proceeds used to pay down FHLB borrowings and to improve the capital and liquidity position of the Bank going forward. The decrease in dividends and gains on equity investments was due primarily to lower gains on sales of equity investments, offset partially by higher fair value gains on equity investments still held. Warrant income decreased due principally to fewer gains from exercised warrants, driven by less capital market activity in 2022. 
 60 

2021 Compared to 2020 
 Noninterest income increased by 47.9 million to 193.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 146.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 due mainly to increases of 38.7 million in warrant income, 8.1 million in dividends and gains on equity investments, and 6.0 million in other income, offset partially by a decrease of 11.6 million in gain on sale of securities. Warrant income increased due principally to higher gains from exercised warrants, driven by the active capital markets. Dividends and gains on equity investments increased due primarily to higher gains on sales of equity investments and higher income distributions on SBIC investments, offset partially by lower fair value gains on equity investments still held and lower fair value marks on SBIC investments. Other income increased due principally to higher gains from early lease terminations. The decrease in gain on sale of securities resulted from the sale of 365.7 million of securities for a net gain of 1.6 million for 2021 compared to sales of 160.3 million of securities for a net gain of 13.2 million for 2020. 
 
 Noninterest Expense 
 The following table summarizes noninterest expense by category for the years indicated: 
 Year Ended December 31, Increase Increase Noninterest Expense 2022 (Decrease) 2021 (Decrease) 2020 (In thousands) Compensation 406,839 38,389 368,450 96,956 271,494 Occupancy 60,964 2,542 58,422 867 57,555 Customer related expense 55,273 34,769 20,504 2,972 17,532 Data processing 38,177 7,900 30,277 3,498 26,779 Leased equipment depreciation 35,658 (97) 35,755 6,890 28,865 Other professional services 30,278 8,786 21,492 1,575 19,917 Insurance and assessments 25,486 8,121 17,365 (5,260) 22,625 Loan expense 24,572 7,541 17,031 3,577 13,454 Intangible asset amortization 13,576 842 12,734 (2,019) 14,753 Acquisition, integration and reorganization costs 5,703 (3,712) 9,415 8,355 1,060 Foreclosed assets income, net (3,737) (3,524) (213) (196) (17) Other 51,732 5,547 46,185 6,183 40,002 Total operating expense 744,521 107,104 637,417 123,398 514,019 Goodwill impairment 29,000 29,000 (1,470,000) 1,470,000 Total noninterest expense 773,521 136,104 637,417 (1,346,602) 1,984,019 
 2022 Compared to 2021 
 Noninterest expense increased by 136.10 million to 773.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 637.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 due in part to a goodwill impairment charge of 29.0 million incurred in the fourth quarter of 2022 related to Civic. Excluding the goodwill impairment charge, noninterest expense increased by 107.1 million to 744.5 million in 2022. This increase was due mainly to increases of 38.4 million in compensation expense, 34.8 million in customer related expense, 8.8 million in other professional services, and 8.1 million in insurance and assessments. The increase in compensation was due mostly to the incremental expense of the higher headcount in 2022 from the acquired operations of Civic and the HOA Business in 2021, incremental additions to staff in certain business lines, and staff added to support our digital and innovation initiatives. The increase in customer related expense was attributable mainly to higher customer analysis expenses. The increase in other professional services was due mainly to issuance costs of the credit-linked notes transaction in September 2022. The increase in insurance and assessments expense was due to higher FDIC assessment expense attributable to downward trends in core deposits and capital levels in the first half of 2022 resulting in a higher assessment rate. 
 61 

2021 Compared to 2020 
 Noninterest expense decreased by 1.35 billion to 637.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 2.0 billion for the year ended December 31, 2020 due mainly to a 1.47 billion goodwill impairment charge incurred in the first quarter of 2020. Excluding the goodwill impairment charge, noninterest expense increased by 123.4 million in 2021 compared to 2020. This increase was due primarily to increases of 97.0 million in compensation expense, 8.4 million in acquisition, integration and reorganization costs, 6.9 million in leased equipment depreciation, and 6.2 million in other expense, offset partially by a 5.3 million decrease in insurance and assessment expense. The increase in compensation expense was due to the incremental compensation expense from 11 months of Civic operations and three months of HOA Business operations in the 2021 period and higher bonus expense, given the operating results in 2021, while the 2020 bonus amounts were below historical levels as a result of the higher provisions for credit losses in 2020. The increase in acquisition, integration, and reorganization costs was due to the costs related to the Civic and HOA Business acquisitions. Leased equipment depreciation increased due to a higher average balance of leased equipment. Other expense increased due mainly to higher legal settlement costs. Insurance and assessment expense decreased due mostly to a decrease in the FDIC assessment rate in 2021 offset partially by a higher assessment base. The assessment rate was higher in 2020 due to the goodwill impairment recorded in the first quarter of 2020 resulting in a higher assessment rate for the next four quarters. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 The effective tax rates were 25.4 , 26.2 , and (6.5) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. Excluding non-deductible goodwill impairment, the effective income tax rate was 24.4 fo r the year ended December 31, 2020 . The decrease in the effective tax rate for 2022 compared to the 26.2 rate for 2021 was due mainly to a change in the apportionment of taxable income for state taxes in 2022. The increase in the effective tax rate for 2021 compared to the 24.4 rate for 2020 was due primarily to a change in the apportionment of taxable income for state taxes in 2021 and a tax benefit recorded in 2020 for amended state returns. The Company's 2022 blended statutory tax rate for federal and state was 27.4 . For further information on income taxes, see Note 17. Income Taxes of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 Results of Segment Operations 
 A description of the business activities and the methodologies used to measure financial performance is described in Note 25. Business Segments in the accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements elsewhere in this report. Net income (loss) by reportable operating segment is presented below. 
 Commercial Banking 
 Net income for 2022 decreased by 188.7 million to 428.6 million compared to 617.3 million in 2021. The decrease in net income was primarily due to an increase in the provision for credit losses of 180.0 million in 2022 from a provision benefit of 168.9 million in 2021 to an 11.1 million provision for credit losses in 2022. The large provision benefit in 2021 was due to the releasing of reserves which were initially established at the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020, but were reversed in 2021 when pandemic-related losses did not occur. 
 Civic 
 The net loss for 2022 decreased by 5.4 million to 4.9 million compared to a 10.3 million net loss in 2021. The decrease was primarily due to a 77.7 million increase in net interest income after provision for credit losses offset partially by a 63.9 million increase in noninterest expense, a 1.9 million increase in income tax expense, and a 6.5 million decrease in noninterest income. 
 The 77.7 million increase in net interest income after provision for credit losses was primarily due to the significant increase in the average balance of the Civic loan portfolio. The loan portfolio balance was 3.3 billion at December 31, 2022, compared to 1.4 billion at December 31, 2021. 
 62 

The 63.9 million increase in noninterest expense was due to the growth of the Civic operations and loan portfolio during 2022 and was primarily due to a 22.0 million increase in compensation expense and a 29.0 million goodwill impairment recorded in 2022 due to plans to restructure the Civic operations. This restructuring involves reducing the number of loan products offered, reducing loan growth compared to 2022 levels, and transferring the management of most Civic functions to Bank executives, which will result in a reduction of Civic's headcount and is expected to improve efficiencies, profitability and the risk profile of Civic. 
 
 Balance Sheet Analysis 
 
 Securities Available-for-Sale 
 The following table presents the composition and durations of our securities available-for-sale as of the dates indicated: 
 December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Fair of 
 Duration Fair of 
 Duration Fair of 
 Duration Security Type Value Total 
 (in years) Value Total 
 (in years) Value Total 
 (in years) (Dollars in thousands) Agency residential MBS 2,242,042 46 7.6 2,898,210 27 2.9 341,074 7 1.9 U.S. Treasury securities 670,070 14 4.9 966,898 9 6.6 5,302 1.3 Agency commercial MBS 487,606 10 4.7 1,688,967 16 5.2 1,281,877 24 3.2 Agency residential CMOs 457,063 9 4.4 1,038,134 10 3.2 1,219,880 23 2.7 Municipal securities 339,326 7 5.6 2,315,968 22 7.7 1,531,617 29 8.2 Corporate debt securities 311,905 7 2.7 527,094 5 4.2 311,889 6 3.7 Private label residential CMOs 166,724 4 5.6 264,417 2 3.9 116,946 2 2.1 Collateralized loan obligations 102,261 2 385,362 4 0.1 135,876 3 Private label commercial MBS 26,827 1 2.3 450,217 4 7.5 82,957 2 1.8 Asset-backed securities 22,413 129,547 1 0.1 166,546 3 0.1 SBA securities 17,250 2.5 29,644 3.7 41,627 1 3.2 Total securities available-for-sale 4,843,487 100 5.9 10,694,458 100 4.8 5,235,591 100 4.3 
 Effective June 1, 2022, the Company transferred 2.3 billion in fair value of municipal securities, agency commercial MBS, private label commercial MBS, U.S. Treasury securities, and corporate debt securities from available-for-sale to held-to-maturity. The unrealized losses on the transferred securities are being amortized over the expected remaining life of the securities in a manner consistent with the amortization of a premium or discount. 
 63 

The following table presents the geographic composition of the majority of our municipal securities available-for-sale portfolio as of the date indicated: 
 December 31, 2022 Fair 
 of 
 Municipal Securities by State Value 
 Total 
 (Dollars in thousands) Texas 118,243 35 California 63,070 19 Oregon 32,770 10 Washington 23,173 7 Minnesota 20,379 6 Delaware 18,642 5 Florida 17,653 5 Wisconsin 12,393 3 Rhode Island 10,489 3 Iowa 6,733 2 Total of ten largest states 323,545 95 All other states 15,781 5 Total municipal securities available-for-sale 339,326 100 
 
 The following table presents a summary of contractual rates and contractual maturities of our securities available for sale as of the date indicated: 
 Due After Due After Due One Year Five Years Within Through Through Due After One Year Five Years Ten Years Ten Years Total Fair Fair Fair Fair Fair December 31, 2022 Value Rate (1) 
 Value Rate (1) 
 Value Rate (1) 
 Value Rate (1) 
 Value Rate (1) 
 (Dollars in thousands) Agency residential MBS 0.00 0.00 0.00 2,242,042 3.18 2,242,042 3.18 U.S. Treasury securities 4,972 2.77 0.00 665,098 1.34 0.00 670,070 1.35 Agency commercial MBS 0.00 192,142 3.07 277,940 2.65 17,524 3.69 487,606 2.85 Agency residential CMOs 0.00 0.00 155,835 2.83 301,228 3.32 457,063 3.15 Municipal securities 3,680 3.25 38,147 2.04 276,878 3.10 20,621 4.38 339,326 3.06 Corporate debt securities 0.00 5,006 6.99 306,899 5.00 0.00 311,905 5.03 Private label residential CMOs 0.00 0.00 0.00 166,724 3.17 166,724 3.17 Collateralized loan obligations 0.00 0.00 66,580 6.61 35,681 6.62 102,261 6.61 Private label commercial MBS 0.00 0.00 0.00 26,827 3.16 26,827 3.16 Asset-backed securities 0.00 0.00 0.00 22,413 5.68 22,413 5.68 SBA securities 3,965 3.03 0.00 0.00 13,285 3.18 17,250 3.15 Total securities available-for-sale 12,617 2.99 235,295 2.99 1,749,230 2.80 2,846,345 3.27 4,843,487 3.09 
 _______________________________________ 
 (1) Rates presented are weighted average rates. Rates on tax-exempt securities are contractual rates and are not presented on a tax-equivalent basis. 
 64 

Securities Held-to-Maturity 
 The following table presents the composition and durations of our securities held-to-maturity as of the dates indicated: 
 December 31, 2022 Amortized of 
 Duration Security Type Cost Total 
 (in years) (Dollars in thousands) Municipal securities 55 9.0 Agency commercial MBS 19 7.5 Private label commercial MBS 15 7.1 U.S. Treasury securities 8 7.5 Corporate debt securities 3 5.8 Total securities held-to-maturity 100 8.2 
 The following table shows the geographic composition of the majority of our held-to-maturity municipal securities portfolio as of the date indicated: 
 December 31, 2022 Amortized of 
 Municipal Securities by State Cost 
 Total 
 (Dollars in thousands) California 307,759 25 Texas 275,306 22 Washington 190,295 15 Oregon 77,921 6 Maryland 64,955 5 Georgia 55,398 4 Colorado 49,230 4 Minnesota 35,249 3 Tennessee 30,836 3 Florida 21,978 2 Total of ten largest states 1,108,927 89 All other states 134,516 11 Total municipal securities held-to-maturity 1,243,443 100 
 65 

The following table presents a summary of contractual rates and contractual maturities of our securities held-to-maturity as of the date indicated: 
 Due After Due After Due One Year Five Years Within Through Through Due After One Year Five Years Ten Years Ten Years Total Amortized Amortized Amortized Amortized Amortized December 31, 2022 Cost Rate (1) 
 Cost Rate (1) 
 Cost Rate (1) 
 Cost Rate (1) 
 Cost Rate (1) 
 (Dollars in thousands) Municipal securities 336,321 2.12 907,122 3.48 1,243,443 3.11 Agency commercial MBS 406,193 2.02 21,218 3.16 427,411 2.08 Private label commercial MBS 35,985 3.03 309,840 2.82 345,825 2.84 U.S. Treasury securities 184,162 1.28 184,162 1.28 Corporate debt securities 69,794 5.12 69,794 5.12 Total securities held-to-maturity 962,661 1.95 1,307,974 3.40 2,270,635 2.79 
 _______________________________________ 
 (1) Rates presented are weighted average rates. Rates on tax-exempt securities are contractual rates and are not presented on a tax-equivalent basis. 
 66 

Loans and Leases Held for Investment 
 The following table presents the composition of our total loans and leases held for investment, net of deferred fees, by loan portfolio segment, class, and subclass as of the dates indicated: 
 December 31, 2022 2021 2020 of 
 of 
 of 
 Balance Total 
 Balance Total 
 Balance Total 
 (Dollars in thousands) Real Estate Mortgage: Commercial real estate 2,537,629 9 2,545,517 11 2,924,966 15 SBA program 621,187 2 623,579 3 599,788 3 Hotel 688,015 2 593,203 3 571,917 3 Total commercial real estate mortgage 3,846,831 13 3,762,299 17 4,096,671 21 Multi-family 5,607,865 20 3,916,317 17 3,611,223 19 Residential mortgage 2,902,088 10 2,449,693 11 84,808 Investor-owned residential 2,886,828 10 1,050,411 4 107,234 1 Total residential real estate mortgage 11,396,781 40 7,416,421 32 3,803,265 20 Total real estate mortgage 15,243,612 53 11,178,720 49 7,899,936 41 Real Estate Construction and Land: Commercial real estate construction and land 898,592 3 832,591 4 1,117,121 6 Residential construction 3,253,580 11 2,182,091 9 2,031,676 11 Construction - renovation 486,712 2 422,445 2 211,484 1 Total residential real estate construction and land 3,740,292 13 2,604,536 11 2,243,160 12 Total real estate construction and land (1) 
 4,638,884 16 3,437,127 15 3,360,281 18 Total real estate 19,882,496 69 14,615,847 64 11,260,217 59 Commercial: Lender finance 3,172,814 11 2,617,712 11 2,095,963 11 Equipment finance 908,141 3 681,266 3 700,042 4 Premium finance 861,006 3 586,267 3 438,761 2 Other asset-based 198,248 1 190,232 1 194,517 1 Total asset-based 5,140,209 18 4,075,477 18 3,429,283 18 Equity fund loans 1,356,428 5 1,707,143 7 1,032,718 5 Venture lending 676,874 2 613,450 3 665,790 4 Total venture capital 2,033,302 7 2,320,593 10 1,698,508 9 Secured business loans 347,660 1 486,088 2 430,263 2 Paycheck Protection Program 10,192 156,699 1 1,057,422 5 Other lending 750,599 3 829,194 3 887,429 5 Total other commercial 1,108,451 4 1,471,981 6 2,375,114 12 Total commercial 8,281,962 29 7,868,051 34 7,502,905 39 Consumer 444,671 2 457,650 2 320,255 2 Total loans and leases held for investment, net of deferred fees 28,609,129 100 22,941,548 100 19,083,377 100 Total unfunded loan commitments 11,110,264 9,006,350 7,601,390 
 ________________________________ 
 (1) Includes 153.5 million, 151.8 million, and 167.1 million, at December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 of land acquisition and development loans. 
 67 

Our loan portfolio segments of real estate mortgage loans, real estate construction and land loans, and commercial loans comprised 53 , 16 , and 29 of our total loans and leases held for investment at December 31, 2022, compared to 49 , 15 , and 34 at December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 The changes during 2022 in the portfolio classes comprising these portfolio segments reflected the following: 
 Commercial real estate mortgage loans increased by 2 to 3.85 billion or 13 of total loans and leases held for investment at December 31, 2022 from 3.76 billion or 17 at December 31, 2021. The higher balance was attributable primarily to the balance of hotel loans increasing by 16 to 688.0 million at December 31, 2022 from 593.2 million at December 31, 2021. 
 Residential real estate mortgage loans increased by 54 to 11.4 billion or 40 of total loans and leases held for investment at December 31, 2022 from 7.4 billion or 32 at December 31, 2021. The increase was attributable primarily to investor-owned residential loans increasing by 1.8 billion or 175 and multi-family loans increasing by 1.7 billion or 43 . Investor-owned residential loans are Civic loans secured primarily by single-family residential properties, most of which are held by the borrower for rent. Such loans increased during 2022 due to higher loan origination activity. 
 Commercial real estate construction and land loans increased by 8 to 898.6 million or 3 of total loans and leases held for investment at December 31, 2022 from 832.6 million or 4 at December 31, 2021. 
 Residential real estate construction and land loans increased by 44 to 3.7 billion or 13 of total loans and leases held for investment at December 31, 2022 from 2.6 billion or 11 at December 31, 2021. The increase was attributable primarily to residential construction loans increasing by 1.1 billion or 49 . Residential construction loans are loans secured mainly by projects to construct multi-family properties. Such loans increased because advances under new and existing construction commitments exceeded the amount of construction loans fully repaid during 2022. 
 Asset-based loans and leases increased by 26 to 5.1 billion or 18 of total loans and leases held for investment at December 31, 2022 from 4.1 billion or 18 at December 31, 2021. The higher balance was attributable primarily to the balance of lender finance loans increasing by 21 to 3.2 billion at December 31, 2022 from 2.6 billion at December 31, 2021. 
 Venture capital loans decreased by 12 to 2.0 billion or 7 of total loans and leases held for investment at December 31, 2022 from 2.3 billion or 10 at December 31, 2021. The lower balance and composition ratio was attributable primarily to lower equity fund loans. Equity fund loans decreased to 1.4 billion at December 31, 2022 from 1.7 billion at December 31, 2021 attributable to less venture capital activity during 2022 than 2021. 
 Other commercial loans decreased by 25 to 1.1 billion or 4 of total loans and leases held for investment at December 31, 2022 from 1.5 billion or 6 at December 31, 2021. The lower balance and composition ratio was attributable primarily to the balance of Paycheck Protection Program ("PPP") loans decreasing by 93 to 10.2 million at December 31, 2022 from 156.7 million at December 31, 2021. Additionally, secured business loans decreased by 138.4 million or 28 during 2022. 

68 

The following table presents the geographic composition of our real estate loans held for investment, net of deferred fees, by the top ten states and all other states combined (in the order presented for the current year-end) as of the dates indicated: 
 December 31, 2022 2021 of 
 of 
 Real Estate Loans by State Balance Total 
 Balance Total 
 (Dollars in thousands) California 10,832,550 55 8,916,633 61 Florida 1,360,163 7 556,057 4 Colorado 1,029,284 5 721,343 5 Texas 933,280 5 392,836 3 Washington 689,873 3 500,836 3 New York 666,238 3 675,948 5 Arizona 572,951 3 253,289 2 Nevada 511,485 3 346,838 2 Oregon 442,353 2 375,223 3 Georgia 361,577 2 203,360 1 Total of 10 largest states 17,399,754 88 12,942,363 89 All other states 2,482,742 12 1,673,484 11 Total real estate loans held for investment, net of deferred fees 19,882,496 100 14,615,847 100 
 A t December 31, 2022 and 2021, 55 and 61 of our real estate loans were collateralized by property located in California because our full-service branches and our community banking activities are primarily located in California. The increase in real estate loans in Florida was attributable mainly increases in multi-family loans and Civic investor-owned residential loans. The increase in real estate loans in Colorado reflects the growth from our Denver branch, which we opened in November 2019. 
 69 

The following table presents a roll forward of loans and leases held for investment, net of deferred fees, for the years indicated: 
 Roll Forward of Loans and Leases Held for Investment, Year Ended December 31, Net of Deferred Fees (1) 
 2022 2021 2020 (Dollars in thousands) Balance, beginning of year 22,941,548 19,083,377 18,846,872 Additions: Production 8,435,396 9,054,767 4,243,538 Disbursements 7,058,553 5,952,158 5,159,912 Total production and disbursements 15,493,949 15,006,925 9,403,450 Reductions: Payoffs (4,909,797) (7,337,296) (3,738,754) Paydowns (4,755,033) (3,728,950) (5,193,848) Total payoffs and paydowns (9,664,830) (11,066,246) (8,932,602) Sales 
 (63,263) (117,263) (125,999) Transfers to foreclosed assets (7,985) (1,062) (14,755) Charge-offs (14,037) (10,715) (93,589) Transfers to loans held for sale (76,253) (25,554) Total reductions (9,826,368) (11,220,840) (9,166,945) Loans acquired through acquisition 72,086 Net increase 5,667,581 3,858,171 236,505 Balance, end of year 28,609,129 22,941,548 19,083,377 Weighted average rate on production (2) 
 5.24 4.19 3.57 
 _______________________________________ 
 (1) Includes direct financing leases but excludes equipment leased to others under operating leases. 
 (2) The weighted average rate on production presents contractual rates on a tax equivalent basis and does not include amortized fees. Amortized fees added approximately 21 basis points to loan yields in 2022, 38 basis points to loan yields in 2021, and 25 basis points to loan yields in 2020. 

Loan and Lease Interest Rate Sensitivity 
 The following table presents contractual maturity information for loans and leases held for investment, net of deferred fees, as of the date indicated: 
 Due After Due One Year Due After Within Through Five to Due After December 31, 2022 One Year Five Years 15 Years 15 Years Total (In thousands) Real estate mortgage 1,403,839 2,538,984 2,541,650 8,759,139 15,243,612 Real estate construction and land 1,849,788 2,202,837 52,180 534,079 4,638,884 Commercial 2,172,555 4,899,051 1,003,784 206,572 8,281,962 Consumer 9,896 49,129 204,898 180,748 444,671 Total loans and leases held for investment, net of deferred fees 5,436,078 9,690,001 3,802,512 9,680,538 28,609,129 
 70 

At December 31, 2022, we had 5.4 billion of loans and leases held for investment due to mature over the next twelve months. For any of these loans and leases held for investment, in the event that we provide a concession through a refinance or modification that we would not ordinarily consider in order to protect as much of our investment as possible, such loans may be considered TDRs even though the loans have performed in accordance with their contractual terms. The circumstances regarding any modifications and a borrower's specific situation, such as its ability to obtain financing from another source at similar market terms, are evaluated on an individual basis to determine if a contractual loan renewal or loan extension constitutes a TDR. Higher levels of TDRs may result in increases in classified loans and credit loss provisions. 
 The following table presents the interest rate profile of loans and leases held for investment, net of deferred fees, due after one year as of the date indicated: 
 Due After One Year Fixed Variable December 31, 2022 Rate Rate Total (In thousands) Real estate mortgage 5,715,806 8,123,967 13,839,773 Real estate construction and land 1,004,336 1,784,760 2,789,096 Commercial 2,075,575 4,033,832 6,109,407 Consumer 419,990 14,785 434,775 Total loans and leases held for investment, net of deferred fees 9,215,707 13,957,344 23,173,051 
 For information regarding our variable-rate loans subject to interest rate floors, see "Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk." 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses on Loans and Leases Held for Investment 
 The allowance for credit losses on loans and leases held for investment is the combination of the allowance for loan and lease losses and the reserve for unfunded loan commitments. The allowance for loan and lease losses is reported as a reduction of the amortized cost basis of loans and leases, while the reserve for unfunded loan commitments is included within "Accrued interest payable and other liabilities" on the consolidated balance sheets. The amortized cost basis of loans and leases does not include accrued interest receivable, which is included in "Other assets" on the consolidated balance sheets. The "Provision for credit losses" on the consolidated statement of earnings (loss) is a combination of the provision for loan and lease losses, the provision for unfunded loan commitments, and the provision for held-to-maturity debt securities. 
 Under the CECL methodology, expected credit losses reflect losses over the remaining contractual life of an asset, considering the effect of prepayments and available information about the collectability of cash flows, including information about relevant historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts of future events and circumstances. Thus, the CECL methodology incorporates a broad range of information in developing credit loss estimates . 
 For further information regarding the calculation of the allowance for credit losses on loans and leases held for investment using the CECL methodology, see Note 1(j). Nature of Operations and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Allowance for Credit Losses on Loans and Leases Held for Investment of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in "Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data." 
 In calculating our allowance for credit losses, we continued to consider higher inflation rates, rising interest rates, the risk of a recession, technical or otherwise, and the Russia-Ukraine war as well as any trailing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic in our process for estimating expected credit losses given the changes in economic forecasts and assumptions along with the uncertainty related to the severity and duration of the economic consequences resulting from such events. Our methodology and framework along with the 4-quarter reasonable and supportable forecast period and 2-quarter reversion period have remained consistent since the implementation of CECL on January 1, 2020. Certain management assumptions are reassessed every quarter based on current expectations for credit losses, while other assumptions are assessed and updated on at least an annual basis. 
 71 

During the second half of 2022, we switched from using the Moody s Consensus Forecast scenario to using a multiple scenario approach primarily to better address the inherent forecast uncertainty in calculating quantitative reserves. In the fourth quarter, we used the Moody s December 2022 Baseline and S3 Downside 90th Percentile forecast scenarios for the calculation of our quantitative component. The weightings of the scenarios were based on management s current expectation for a mild near-term recession, while acknowledging inherent uncertainty, with less weighting assigned to the S3 Downside scenario. Additionally, in order to consider the impact of rising interest rates, the prepayment rates applied in the quantitative calculation were reduced based on the slowing trend of loan payoffs and paydowns since the Federal Reserve began increasing interest rates in March 2022. The fourth quarter economic forecasts were generally less favorable compared to the prior quarters resulting in an increase to the allowance for credit losses partially offset by reductions in pandemic-specific qualitative adjustments. 
 As part of our allowance for credit losses methodology, we consistently incorporate the use of qualitative factors in determining the overall allowance for credit losses to capture risks that may not be adequately reflected in our quantitative models. During the first quarter of 2021, we added qualitative components that were based on management s assessment of various qualitative factors such as economic conditions and collateral dependency. These qualitative components were primarily related to certain loan portfolios including hotels, retail, and office properties that were more directly affected by the COVID-19 pandemic and may react more slowly to the improvements in the general economic conditions. These sectors may see a slower economic recovery to pre-pandemic levels due to changes in consumer behavior such as less business travel due to more virtual meetings, more online shopping versus in person shopping, or the potential for more permanent shifts to remote or hybrid working arrangements. Additionally, small businesses in these sectors may face greater challenges once debt relief and PPP funding is exhausted. Throughout 2021, these qualitative adjustments were updated based on evolving forecasts of property values and the pace of recovery for small businesses. During 2022, forecasted property values for hotels and retail properties improved, partially offset by property value declines in office, and the outlook for small businesses improved. Therefore, our pandemic-specific qualitative adjustments were decreased. 
 The increases in the quantitative reserve for net growth in loans and leases and deterioration of the economic forecast were offset partially by decreases in pandemic-specific qualitative adjustments and, as a result, a 23.0 million loan-related provision for credit losses was recognized in 2022. The loan-related allowance for credit losses as a percentage of loans and leases held for investment decreased during 2022 due to loan growth in lending areas with lower credit risk and is consistent with stable credit quality and minimal charge-offs. 
 The use of different economic forecasts, whether based on different scenarios, the use of multiple or single scenarios, or updated economic forecasts and scenarios, can change the outcome of the calculations. In addition to the economic forecasts, there are numerous components and assumptions that are integral to the overall estimation of allowance for credit losses. As part of our allowance for credit losses process, sensitivity analyses are performed to assess the impact of how changing certain assumptions could impact the estimated allowance for credit losses. At times, these analyses can provide information to further assist management in making decisions on certain assumptions. We calculated alternative values for our December 31, 2022 allowance for credit losses using various alternative forecast scenarios including the Moody's S1 Upside 10 th Percentile and S3 Downside 90th Percentile forecasts and the calculated amounts for the quantitative component differed from the probability-weighted multiple scenario forecast ranging from lower by 7.06 to higher by 24.02 . However, changing one assumption and not reassessing other assumptions used in the quantitative or qualitative process could yield results that are not reasonable or appropriate, hence all assumptions and information must be considered. From a sensitivity analysis perspective, changing key assumptions such as the macro-economic variable inputs from the economic forecasts, the reasonable and supportable forecast period, prepayment rates, loan segmentation, historical loss factors and/or periods, among others, would all change the outcome of the quantitative components of the allowance for credit losses. Those results would then need to be assessed from a qualitative perspective potentially requiring further adjustments to the qualitative component to arrive at a reasonable and appropriate allowance for credit losses. 
 The determination of the allowance for credit losses is complex and highly dependent on numerous models, assumptions, and judgments made by management. Management's current expectation for credit losses on loans and leases held for investment as quantified in the allowance for credit losses considers the impact of assumptions and is reflective of historical credit experience, economic forecasts viewed to be reasonable and supportable, current loan and lease composition, and relative credit risks known as of the balance sheet date. 
 72 

Management believes the allowance for credit losses is appropriate for the current expected credit losses in our loan and lease portfolio and associated unfunded loan commitments, and the credit risk ratings and inherent loss rates currently assigned are reasonable and appropriate as of the reporting date. It is possible that others, given the same information, may at any point in time reach different conclusions that could result in a significant impact to the Company's financial statements. 
 The following table presents information regarding the allowance for credit losses on loans and leases held for investment as of the dates indicated: 
 December 31, Allowance for Credit Losses Data 2022 2021 2020 (Dollars in thousands) Allowance for loan and lease losses 200,732 200,564 348,181 Reserve for unfunded loan commitments 91,071 73,071 85,571 Total allowance for credit losses 291,803 273,635 433,752 Allowance for credit losses to loans and leases held for investment 
 1.02 1.19 2.27 Allowance for credit losses to nonaccrual loans and leases held for investment 281.2 447.3 475.8 
 The following table presents the changes in our allowance for credit losses on loans and leases held for investment for the years indicated: 
 Year Ended December 31, Allowance for Credit Losses Roll Forward 2022 2021 2020 (Dollars in thousands) Balance, beginning of year 273,635 433,752 174,646 Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle - CECL, as of January 1, 2020: Allowance for loan and lease losses 3,617 Reserve for unfunded loan commitments 3,710 Total cumulative effect 7,327 Provision for credit losses: Addition to (reduction in) allowance for loan and lease losses 5,000 (149,500) 293,000 Addition to (reduction in) addition to reserve for unfunded loan commitments 18,000 (12,500) 46,000 Total provision for credit losses 23,000 (162,000) 339,000 Loans and leases charged off: Real estate mortgage (3,625) (1,135) (10,686) Real estate construction and land (1,431) (775) Commercial (6,817) (7,298) (82,105) Consumer (2,164) (1,507) (798) Total loans and leases charged off (14,037) (10,715) (93,589) Recoveries on loans charged off: Real estate mortgage 1,748 6,767 617 Real estate construction and land 178 21 Commercial 7,163 5,711 5,529 Consumer 116 120 201 Total recoveries on loans charged off 9,205 12,598 6,368 Net (charge-offs) recoveries (4,832) 1,883 (87,221) Balance, end of year 291,803 273,635 433,752 Net charge-offs (recoveries) to average loans and leases 0.02 (0.01) 0.45 

73 

The following table presents net charge-offs, average loan balance, and ratio of net charge-offs to average loans by loan portfolio segment for the years indicated: 
 Year Ended December 31, Ratio of Net Charge-offs to Average Loans 2022 2021 2020 (Dollars in thousands) Real Estate Mortgage: Net charge-offs (recoveries) 1,877 (5,632) 10,069 Average loan balance 13,328,403 9,119,963 7,942,883 Ratio of net charge-offs (recoveries) to average loans 0.01 (0.06) 0.13 Real Estate Construction and Land: Net charge-offs (recoveries) 1,253 775 (21) Average loan balance 4,010,811 3,396,145 3,148,522 Ratio of net charge-offs to average loans 0.03 0.02 Commercial: Net (recoveries) charge-offs (346) 1,587 76,576 Average loan balance 8,202,539 7,310,253 7,794,969 Ratio of net charge-offs to average loans 0.02 0.98 Consumer: Net charge-offs 2,048 1,387 597 Average loan balance 471,032 377,927 392,904 Ratio of net charge-offs to average loans 0.43 0.37 0.15 
 Net charge-offs in 2022 were 4.8 million compared to net recoveries of 1.9 million in 2021. This change was due primarily to the real estate mortgage portfolio segment going from net recoveries of 5.6 million in 2021 to net charge-offs of 1.9 million in 2022. 
 Net recoveries in 2021 were 1.9 million compared to net charge-offs of 87.2 million in 2020. This improvement was due primarily to the real estate mortgage portfolio segment going from net charge-offs of 10.1 million in 2020 to net recoveries of 5.6 million in 2021 and the commercial portfolio segment going from net charge-offs of 76.6 million in 2020 to net charge-offs of 1.6 million in 2021. Real estate mortgage net charge-offs in 2020 included 8.2 million of gross charge-offs related to two retail properties that were adversely affected by pandemic-related business closures. Commercial net charge-offs in 2020 included 59.6 million related to five security monitoring loans and an 11.8 million gross charge-off on a single equipment finance loan. 
 74 

The following table presents charge-offs by loan portfolio segment, class, and subclass for the years indicated: 
 Year Ended December 31, Allowance for Credit Losses Charge-offs 2022 2021 2020 (In thousands) Real Estate Mortgage: Commercial real estate 2,258 8,987 SBA program 417 622 769 Hotel 55 343 422 Total commercial real estate mortgage 2,730 965 10,178 Multi-family 56 Residential mortgage 81 508 Investor-owned residential 814 114 Total residential real estate mortgage 895 170 508 Total real estate mortgage 3,625 1,135 10,686 Real Estate Construction and Land: Commercial real estate construction and land 775 Residential construction Construction - renovation 1,431 Total real estate construction and land 1,431 Commercial: Lender finance 232 Equipment finance 11,817 Other asset-based 750 Premium finance Total asset-based 750 232 11,817 Equity fund loans Venture lending 940 620 6,819 Total venture capital 940 620 6,819 Secured business loans 479 210 Paycheck Protection Program Other lending 4,648 6,236 63,469 Total other commercial 5,127 6,446 63,469 Total commercial 6,817 7,298 82,105 Consumer 2,164 1,507 798 Total charge-offs 14,037 10,715 93,589 
 Construction - renovation and investor-owned residential gross charge-offs increased in 2022 due to charge-offs related to Civic loans as this portfolio becomes more seasoned. 
 Commercial real estate mortgage gross charge-offs decreased to 1.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 from 10.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. The 2020 amount included 8.2 million of gross charge-offs related to two retail properties that were adversely affected by pandemic-related business closures. 
 Asset-based charge-offs decreased to 0.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 from 11.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. The 2020 amount included an 11.8 million gross charge-off in the equipment finance subclass related to a single loan. 
 Venture capital gross charge-offs decreased to 0.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 from 6.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. The 2020 amount included one loan for 6.5 million. 
 75 

Other commercial gross charge-offs decreased to 6.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 from 63.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. The 2020 amount included 59.6 million for five security monitoring loans, representing 64 of total gross charge-offs for 2020. 
 The following table presents recoveries by loan portfolio segment, class, and subclass for the years indicated: 
 Year Ended December 31, Allowance for Credit Losses Recoveries 2022 2021 2020 (In thousands) Real Estate Mortgage: Commercial real estate 1,204 5,384 121 SBA program 281 697 168 Hotel Total commercial real estate mortgage 1,485 6,081 289 Multi-family 4 Residential mortgage 234 658 328 Investor-owned residential 25 28 Total residential real estate mortgage 263 686 328 Total real estate mortgage 1,748 6,767 617 Real Estate Construction and Land: Commercial real estate construction and land 178 Residential construction 21 Construction - renovation Total real estate construction and land 21 Commercial: Lender finance 3 Equipment finance 163 263 286 Other asset-based 539 453 422 Premium finance Total asset-based 702 719 708 Equity fund loans Venture lending 923 404 1,261 Total venture capital 923 404 1,261 Secured business loans 178 2,402 374 Paycheck Protection Program Other lending 5,360 2,186 3,186 Total other commercial 5,538 4,588 3,560 Total commercial 7,163 5,711 5,529 Consumer 116 120 201 Total recoveries 9,205 12,598 6,368 
 76 

The following table presents the allowance for loan and lease losses on loans and leases held for investment by loan portfolio segment as of the dates indicated: 
 Allocation of the Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses by Portfolio Segment Real Estate Real Estate Construction Mortgage and Land Commercial Consumer Total (Dollars in thousands) December 31, 2022 Allowance for loan and lease losses 86,647 52,982 52,849 8,254 200,732 of loans to total loans 53 16 29 2 100 December 31, 2021 Allowance for loan and lease losses 98,053 45,079 48,718 8,714 200,564 of loans to total loans 49 15 34 2 100 December 31, 2020 Allowance for loan and lease losses 138,342 78,356 126,403 5,080 348,181 of loans to total loans 41 18 39 2 100 
 The allowance for loan and lease losses attributable to real estate mortgage loans was 86.6 million and 98.1 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021. As ratios to real estate mortgage loans at those dates, these percentages were 0.57 and 0.88 . The ratio decrease was primarily due to an increase in loan balances with lower credit risks. 
 The allowance for loan and lease losses attributable to real estate construction and land loans was 53.0 million and 45.1 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021. As ratios to real estate construction and land loans at those dates, these percentages were 1.14 and 1.31 . The ratio decrease was primarily due to an increase in loan balances with lower credit risks. 
 The allowance for loan and lease losses attributable to commercial loans and leases was 52.8 million and 48.7 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021. As ratios to commercial loans and leases at those dates, these percentages were 0.64 and 0.62 . The ratio increase was due to a higher allowance for loan losses as a result of deterioration in the economic forecasts. 
 77 

Deposits 
 The following table presents a summary of our average deposit amounts and average rates paid during the years indicated: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Weighted 
 Weighted 
 Weighted 
 Average Average 
 Average Average 
 Average Average 
 Deposit Composition Balance Rate 
 Balance Rate 
 Balance Rate 
 (Dollars in thousands) Interest checking 6,851,831 0.97 7,198,646 0.12 4,394,742 0.29 Money market 10,601,028 0.90 8,843,122 0.15 6,547,027 0.29 Savings 639,720 0.03 606,741 0.02 538,985 0.05 Time 2,540,426 1.51 1,471,963 0.40 2,169,324 1.26 Total interest-bearing deposits 20,633,005 0.97 18,120,472 0.15 13,650,078 0.44 Noninterest-bearing demand 13,601,766 12,110,193 8,517,281 Total deposits 34,234,771 0.59 30,230,665 0.09 22,167,359 0.27 
 The following table presents the balance of each major category of deposits as of the dates indicated: 
 December 31, 2022 2021 2020 of of of Deposit Composition Balance Total Balance Total Balance Total (Dollars in thousands) Noninterest-bearing demand 11,212,357 33 14,543,133 41 9,193,827 37 Interest checking 6,990,377 20 7,319,898 21 5,974,910 24 Money market 7,780,758 23 10,241,265 29 6,532,917 26 Savings 577,637 2 630,653 2 562,826 2 Total core deposits 26,561,129 78 32,734,949 93 22,264,480 89 Wholesale non-maturity deposits 2,637,362 8 889,976 3 1,149,467 5 Total non-maturity deposits 29,198,491 86 33,624,925 96 23,413,947 94 Retail time deposits 2,434,414 7 1,177,147 3 1,331,022 5 Brokered time deposits 2,303,429 7 195,685 1 195,748 1 Total time deposits 4,737,843 14 1,372,832 4 1,526,770 6 Total deposits 33,936,334 100 34,997,757 100 24,940,717 100 Estimated uninsured deposits 17,811,689 22,479,674 15,241,530 
 The following table presents time deposits based on the 250,000 FDIC insured limit as of the dates indicated: 
 December 31, Time Deposits 2022 2021 2020 (In thousands) Time deposits 250,000 and under 3,198,434 885,938 994,197 Time deposits over 250,000 1,539,409 486,894 532,573 Total time deposits 4,737,843 1,372,832 1,526,770 
 78 

During 2022, total deposits decreased by 1.1 billion , or 3 , to 33.9 billion at December 31, 2022, due primarily to a decrease of 6.2 billion in core deposits, offset partially by increases of 3.4 billion in time deposits and 1.7 billion in wholesale non-maturity deposits. The decrease in core deposits by component was due to decreases of 3.3 billion in noninterest-bearing demand deposits, 2.5 billion in money market deposits, 329.5 million in interest checking deposits, and 53.0 million in savings deposits. This decrease in core deposits was primarily related to a 4.2 billion decrease in deposits related to our venture banking clients. At December 31, 2022, core deposits totaled 26.6 billion, or 78 of total deposits, including 11.2 billion of noninterest-bearing demand deposits, or 33 of total deposits. Our deposit base is also diversified by client type. As of December 31, 2022, no individual depositor represented more tha n 1.5 of our total deposits, and our top ten depositors represented 9.1 o f our total deposits. 
 The following table summarizes the maturities of time deposits as of the date indicated: 
 Time Deposits 
 250,000 
 Over 
 December 31, 2022 and Under 
 250,000 
 Total 
 (In thousands) Maturities: Due in three months or less 864,023 390,249 1,254,272 Due in over three months through six months 735,959 426,382 1,162,341 Due in over six months through 12 months 1,149,048 564,340 1,713,388 Total due within 12 months 2,749,030 1,380,971 4,130,001 Due in over 12 months through 24 months 386,958 153,281 540,239 Due in over 24 months 62,446 5,157 67,603 Total due over 12 months 449,404 158,438 607,842 Total 3,198,434 1,539,409 4,737,843 
 The following table summarizes the maturities of estimated uninsured time deposits as of the date indicated: 
 Uninsured Time December 31, 2022 Deposits 
 (In thousands) Maturities: Due in three months or less 364,800 Due in over three months through six months 390,055 Due in over six months through 12 months 477,868 Total due within 12 months 1,232,723 Total due over 12 months 132,104 Total 1,364,827 
 Client Investment Funds 
 In addition to deposit products, we also offer select clients non-depository cash investment options through PWAM, our SEC registered investment adviser subsidiary, and third-party money market sweep products. PWAM provides customized investment advisory and asset management solutions. At December 31, 2022, total off-balance sheet client investment funds we re 1.4 billion of which 0.9 billion was man aged by PWAM. At December 31, 2021, total off-balance sheet client investment funds were 1.4 billion, of which 0.9 billion was managed by PWAM. 
 79 

Borrowings and Subordinated Debt 
 The Bank has various available lines of credit. These include the ability to borrow funds from time to time on a long term, short term, or overnight basis from the FHLB, the FRBSF, or other financial institutions. The maximum amount that the Bank could borrow under its secured credit line with the FHLB at December 31, 2022 was 5.8 billion, of which 4.5 billion was available on that date. The maximum amount that the Bank could borrow under its secured credit line with the FRBSF at December 31, 2022 was 2.5 billion, all of which was available on that date. The FHLB secured credit line was collateralized by a blanket lien on 7.0 billion of certain qualifying loans and 2.1 billion of securities. The FRBSF secured credit line was collateralized by liens on 3.1 billion of qualifying loans. In addition to its secured lines of credit, the Bank also maintains unsecured lines of credit for the borrowing of overnight funds, subject to availability, of 112.0 million with the FHLB and 180.0 million in the aggregate with several correspondent banks. As of December 31, 2022, there was 112.0 million balance outstanding related to these unsecured lines of credit. The Bank is a member of the AFX, through which it may either borrow or lend funds on an overnight or short-term basis with a group of pre-approved commercial banks. The availability of funds changes daily. As of December 31, 2022, the Bank had 250.0 million of overnight borrowings through the AFX. 
 On September 29, 2022, the Bank completed a credit-linked notes transaction. The notes were issued and sold at par and had an aggregate principal amount of 132.8 million with net proceeds of approximately 128.7 million and are due June 27, 2052. The notes are linked to the credit risk of an approximately 2.66 billion reference pool of previously purchased single-family residential mortgage loans. The notes were issued in five classes with a blended rate on the notes of SOFR plus 11 . The transaction results in a lower risk-weighting on the reference pool of loans for regulatory capital purposes. The credit-linked notes are reported at fair value and had a balance of 132.0 million at December 31, 2022. See Note 15. Fair Value Option for more information regarding the credit-linked notes. 
 The following table presents information on our borrowings as of the dates indicated: 
 December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Weighted Weighted Weighted Average Average Average Borrowings Balance Rate Balance Rate Balance Rate (Dollars in thousands) FHLB secured short-term advances 1,270,000 4.62 5,000 FHLB unsecured overnight advance 112,000 4.37 AFX short-term borrowings 250,000 4.68 Credit-linked notes 132,030 14.56 Total borrowings 1,764,030 5.36 5,000 Averages for the year: Total borrowings 961,601 2.67 231,099 0.27 825,681 0.99 
 80 

The following table presents summary information on our subordinated debt as of the dates indicated: 
 December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Weighted Weighted Weighted Average Average Average Subordinated Debt Balance Rate Balance Rate Balance Rate (Dollars in thousands) Gross subordinated debt: With no unamortized acquisition discount or unamortized issuance costs 135,055 7.01 135,055 2.58 135,055 2.63 With unamortized acquisition discount 
 or unamortized issuance costs 804,325 4.76 806,039 2.65 408,220 2.11 Total gross subordinated debt 939,380 5.08 941,094 2.64 543,275 2.24 Unamortized issuance costs (4,866) (5,366) Unamortized acquisition discount (67,427) (72,445) (77,463) Net subordinated debt 867,087 863,283 465,812 Averages for the year: Net subordinated debt 863,883 4.59 733,163 3.61 461,059 4.58 
 The subordinated debt is variable rate and based on 3-month LIBOR plus a margin, except for one which is based on 3-month EURIBOR plus a margin and 400 million of subordinated notes issued on April 30, 2021 that is fixed rate at 3.25 until May 1, 2026 when it changes to floating rate and resets quarterly at a benchmark rate plus 252 basis points. The margins on the 3-month LIBOR debentures range from 1.55 to 3.10 , while the margin on the 3-month EURIBOR debenture is 2.05 . The interest rate on the LIBOR-based subordinated debt will default to the last published or determined rate of LIBOR, and for Trust CS 2006-4, the Base Rate, defined as the greater of Prime and the federal funds rate, upon cessation of LIBOR and effectively converting these instruments to fixed rate, if not modified prior to June 30, 2023. The subordinated debt is all long-term, with maturities ranging from May 2031 to July 2037. 
 81 

Credit Quality 
 
 Nonperforming Assets, Performing TDRs, and Classified Loans and Leases 
 The following table presents information on our nonperforming assets, performing TDRs, and classified loans and leases as of the dates indicated: 
 December 31, 
 2022 2021 2020 (Dollars in thousands) Nonaccrual loans and leases held for investment 103,778 61,174 91,163 Accruing loans contractually past due 90 days or more Foreclosed assets, net 5,022 12,843 14,027 Total nonperforming assets 108,800 74,017 105,190 Performing TDRs held for investment 7,141 24,430 14,254 Classified loans and leases held for investment 118,271 116,104 265,262 Special mention loans and leases held for investment 566,259 391,611 721,285 Nonaccrual loans and leases held for investment to loans and leases held for investment 0.36 0.27 0.48 Nonperforming assets to loans and leases held for investment and foreclosed assets, net 0.38 0.32 0.55 Allowance for credit losses to nonaccrual loans and leases held for investment 281.20 447.31 475.80 Classified loans and leases held for investment to loans and leases held for investment 0.41 0.51 1.39 Special mention loans and leases held for investment to loans and leases held for investment 1.98 1.71 3.78 
 
 Nonaccrual Loans and Leases Held for Investment 
 During 2022, nonaccrual loans and leases held for investment increased by 42.6 million to 103.8 million at December 31, 2022 due mainly to 136.6 million in additions, offset partially by principal payments and other reductions of 77.5 million, transfers to accrual status of 8.3 million, and charge-offs of 8.2 million. As of December 31, 2022, the Company's three largest loan relationships on nonaccrual status had an aggregate carrying value of 30.8 million and represented 30 of total nonaccrual loans and l eases. 
 82 

The following table presents our nonaccrual loans and leases held for investment and accruing loans and leases past due between 30 and 89 days by loan portfolio segment and class as of the dates indicated: 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Increase (Decrease) Accruing Accruing Accruing and 30-89 and 30-89 and 30-89 Days Past Days Past Days Past Nonaccrual Due Nonaccrual Due Nonaccrual Due (In thousands) Real estate mortgage: Commercial 42,509 1,047 27,540 2,165 14,969 (1,118) Residential 45,272 69,397 12,292 39,929 32,980 29,468 Total real estate mortgage 87,781 70,444 39,832 42,094 47,949 28,350 Real estate construction and land: Commercial Residential 10,621 26,257 4,715 5,031 5,906 21,226 Total real estate construction and land 10,621 26,257 4,715 5,031 5,906 21,226 Commercial: Asset-based 865 1,464 (599) Venture capital 2,799 (2,799) Other commercial 4,345 385 11,950 630 (7,605) (245) Total commercial 5,210 385 16,213 630 (11,003) (245) Consumer 166 1,935 414 1,004 (248) 931 Total held for investment 103,778 99,021 61,174 48,759 42,604 50,262 
 During 2022 , loans accruing and 30-89 days past due increased by 50.3 million to 99.0 million at December 31, 2022 due primarily to a 29.5 million increase in past due loans in the residential real estate mortgage loan portfolio class and a 21.2 million increase in the residential real estate construction and land portfolio class. 
 
 Foreclosed Assets 
 The following table presents foreclosed assets (primarily OREO) by property type as of the dates indicated: 
 December 31, 
 Property Type 2022 2021 2020 (In thousands) Commercial real estate 12,594 12,979 Construction and land development 219 Single-family residence 5,022 Total OREO, net 5,022 12,594 13,198 Other foreclosed assets 249 829 Total foreclosed assets 5,022 12,843 14,027 
 During 2022, foreclosed assets decreased by 7.8 million to 5.0 million at December 31, 2022 due to sales of 15.8 million, offset partially by additions of 8.0 million. In the first quarter of 2022, we sold our largest foreclosed asset with a book value of 12.6 million, which resulted in a gain on sale of 3.2 million. 
 83 

Performing TDRs Held for Investment 
 The following table presents our performing TDRs held for investment by loan portfolio segment as of the dates indicated: 
 December 31, 
 2022 2021 2020 Number Number Number of of of Performing TDRs 
 Balance Loans Balance Loans Balance Loans (Dollars in thousands) Real estate mortgage 4,891 15 6,204 18 6,631 20 Real estate construction and land 1,402 1 1,428 1 1,451 1 Commercial 825 24 16,773 24 6,146 21 Consumer 23 1 25 1 26 1 Total performing TDRs held for investment 7,141 41 24,430 44 14,254 43 
 During 2022, performing TDRs held for investment decreased by 17.3 million to 7.1 million at December 31, 2022 due primarily to principal payments and other reductions of 17.4 million. 
 
 Classified and Special Mention Loans and Leases Held for Investment 
 The following table presents the credit risk ratings of our loans and leases held for investment, net of deferred fees, as of the dates indicated: 
 December 31, 
 Loan and Lease Credit Risk Ratings 
 2022 2021 2020 (In thousands) Pass 27,924,599 22,433,833 18,096,830 Special mention 566,259 391,611 721,285 Classified 118,271 116,104 265,262 Total loans and leases held for investment, net of deferred fees 28,609,129 22,941,548 19,083,377 
 Classified and special mention loans and leases fluctuate from period to period as a result of loan repayments and downgrades or upgrades from our ongoing active portfolio management. 
 
 84 

The following table presents the classified and special mention credit risk rating categories for loans and leases held for investment, net of deferred fees, by loan portfolio segment and class and the related net changes as of the dates indicated: 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Increase (Decrease) Special Special Special Classified Mention Classified Mention Classified Mention (In thousands) Real estate mortgage: Commercial 43,737 106,493 62,206 191,809 (18,469) (85,316) Residential 53,207 82,688 17,700 19,848 35,507 62,840 Total real estate mortgage 96,944 189,181 79,906 211,657 17,038 (22,476) Real estate construction and land: Commercial 91,334 67,727 23,607 Residential 10,961 80,860 4,715 1,720 6,246 79,140 Total real estate construction and land 10,961 172,194 4,715 69,447 6,246 102,747 Commercial: Asset-based 865 56,836 4,591 78,305 (3,726) (21,469) Venture capital 2,753 127,907 4,794 14,833 (2,041) 113,074 Other commercial 6,473 13,233 21,659 15,528 (15,186) (2,295) Total commercial 10,091 197,976 31,044 108,666 (20,953) 89,310 Consumer 275 6,908 439 1,841 (164) 5,067 Total 118,271 566,259 116,104 391,611 2,167 174,648 
 During 2022, classified loans and leases increased by 2.2 million to 118.3 million at December 31, 2022 due mainly to increases of 35.5 million in residential real estate mortgage classified loans, offset partially by decreases of 18.5 million in commercial real estate mortgage classified loans and 15.2 million in other commercial classified loans . 
 During 2022, special mention loans and leases increased by 174.6 million to 566.3 million at December 31, 2022 due primarily to increases o f 113.1 million in venture capital special mention loans, 79.1 million in residential real estate construction and land special mention loans, and 62.8 million in residential real estate mortgage special mention loans, offset partially by a decrease of 85.3 million in commercial real estate mortgage special mention loans. 
 85 

Regulatory Matters 
 
 Capital 
 Bank regulatory agencies measure capital adequacy through standardized risk-based capital guidelines that compare different levels of capital (as defined by such guidelines) to risk-weighted assets and off-balance sheet obligations. At December 31, 2022, banks considered to be well capitalized must maintain a minimum Tier 1 leverage ratio of 5.00 , a minimum common equity Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 6.50 , a minimum Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 8.00 , and a minimum total risk-based capital ratio of 10.00 . 
 Basel III currently requires all banking organizations to maintain a 2.50 capital conservation buffer above the minimum risk-based capital requirements to avoid certain limitations on capital distributions, stock repurchases and discretionary bonus payments to executive officers. The capital conservation buffer is exclusively comprised of common equity Tier 1 capital, and it applies to each of the three risk-based capital ratios but not to the leverage ratio. Effective January 1, 2019, the common equity Tier 1, Tier 1, and total capital ratio minimums inclusive of the capital conservation buffer were 7.00 , 8.50 , and 10.50 . At December 31, 2022, the Company and Bank were in compliance with the capital conservation buffer requirements. 
 The Company and Bank elected the CECL 5-year regulatory transition guidance for calculating regulatory capital ratios and the December 31, 2022 ratios include this election. This regulatory guidance allows an entity to add back to capital 100 of the capital impact from the day one CECL transition adjustment and 25 of subsequent increases to the allowance for credit losses through December 31, 2022. This cumulative amount will then be phased out of regulatory capital over the next three years from 2023 to 2025. The add-back as of December 31, 2022 ranged from 0 basis points to 6 basis points for the capital ratios below. 
 The following tables present a comparison of our actual capital ratios to the minimum required ratios and well capitalized ratios as of the dates indicated: 
 Minimum Required For Capital For Capital For Well Adequacy Conservation Capitalized December 31, 2022 Actual Purposes Buffer Classification PacWest Bancorp Consolidated: Tier 1 leverage capital ratio 8.61 4.00 N/A N/A CET1 capital ratio 8.70 4.50 7.00 N/A Tier 1 capital ratio 10.61 6.00 8.50 N/A Total capital ratio 13.61 8.00 10.50 N/A Pacific Western Bank: Tier 1 leverage capital ratio 8.39 4.00 N/A 5.00 CET1 capital ratio 10.32 4.50 7.00 6.50 Tier 1 capital ratio 10.32 6.00 8.50 8.00 Total capital ratio 12.34 8.00 10.50 10.00 
 86 

Minimum Required For Capital For Capital For Well Adequacy Conservation Capitalized Actual Purposes Buffer Classification December 31, 2021 PacWest Bancorp Consolidated: Tier 1 leverage capital ratio 6.84 4.00 N/A N/A CET1 capital ratio 8.86 4.50 7.00 N/A Tier 1 capital ratio 9.32 6.00 8.50 N/A Total capital ratio 12.69 8.00 10.50 N/A Pacific Western Bank: Tier 1 leverage capital ratio 7.00 4.00 N/A 5.00 CET1 capital ratio 9.56 4.50 7.00 6.50 Tier 1 capital ratio 9.56 6.00 8.50 8.00 Total capital ratio 11.80 8.00 10.50 10.00 
 The Company's consolidated Tier 1 leverage, Tier 1, and Total capital ratios increased during the year ended December 31, 2022 due mainly to net earnings, the 513.3 million Series A preferred stock issuance in June 2022, and the credit-linked notes issuance in September 2022, while the consolidated common equity Tier 1 capital ratio decreased due to risk-weighted assets growing at a higher percentage than Tier 1 capital and the exclusion of Series A preferred stock from this capital calculation. The Series A preferred stock net proceeds of 498.5 million and year-to-date net earnings of 423.6 million increased regulatory capital, offset partially by an increase in risk-weighted assets of 4.5 billion from 28.5 billion as of December 31, 2021 to 33.0 billion as of December 31, 2022, primarily as a result of the growth in loans and leases and unfunded loan commitments and 139.6 million of common and preferred dividends paid. 
 
 Subordinated Debt 
 We issued or assumed through mergers subordinated debt to trusts that were established by us or entities we acquired, which, in turn, issued trust preferred securities. As of December 31, 2022, the carrying value of subordinated debt totaled million. At December 31, 2022, million of the trust preferred securities were included in the Company's Tier I capital and million were included in Tier II capital. For a more detailed discussion of our subordinated debt, see "Item 1. Business - Supervision and Regulation - Capital Requirements ." 
 
 Dividends on Common and Preferred Stock and Interest on Subordinated Debt 
 See "Item 1. Business - Supervision and Regulation - Dividends and Share Repurchases " and Note 23. Dividend Availability and Regulatory Matters of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in "Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" for discussions of factors affecting the availability of dividends and limitations on the ability to declare dividends. Interest payments made on subordinated debt are considered dividend payments under FRB regulations. 
 87 

Dividends on Preferred Stock 
 The Company's ability to pay dividends on the Series A preferred stock depends on the ability of the Bank to pay dividends to the holding company. The ability of the Company and the Bank to pay dividends in the future is subject to bank regulatory requirements, including capital regulations and policies established by the FRB, the FDIC and the DFPI, as applicable. Dividends on the Series A preferred stock will not be declared, paid, or set aside for payment to the extent such act would cause us to fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations, including applicable FRB capital adequacy regulations and policies. 
 Dividends on the Series A preferred stock are not cumulative or mandatory. If the Company s Board of Directors does not declare a dividend on the Series A preferred stock in respect of a dividend period, then no dividend shall be deemed to be payable for such dividend period or be cumulative, and the Company will have no obligation to pay any dividend for that dividend period, whether or not the Board of Directors declares a dividend on the Series A preferred stock or any other class or series of its capital stock for any future dividend period. Additionally, so long as any share of Series A preferred stock remains outstanding, unless dividends on all outstanding shares of Series A preferred stock for the most recently completed dividend period have been paid in full or declared and a sum sufficient for the payment thereof has been set aside for payment, no dividend shall be declared or paid or set aside for payment and no distribution shall be declared or made or set aside for payment on the Company s common stock. 
 
 Stock Repurchase Programs 
 On February 15, 2022, PacWest's Board of Directors authorized a new Stock Repurchase Program, effective March 1, 2022, to repurchase shares of its common stock for an aggregate purchase price not to exceed 100 million with a program maturity date of February 28, 2023. 
 
 Liquidity 
 
 Liquidity Management 
 Liquidity is the ongoing ability to accommodate liability maturities and deposit withdrawals, fund asset growth and business operations, and meet contractual obligations through unconstrained access to funding at reasonable market rates. Liquidity management involves forecasting funding requirements and maintaining sufficient capacity to meet the needs and accommodate fluctuations in asset and liability levels due to changes in the Company s business operations or unanticipated events. 
 The ability to have readily available funds sufficient to repay fully maturing liabilities is primary importance to depositors, creditors, and regulators. The Company s liquidity, represented by cash and due from banks; interest-earning deposits in financial institutions, net of restricted cash collateral accounts; unpledged available-for-sale securities; and unpledged held-to-maturity securities, is a result of the Company s operating, investing, and financing activities and related cash flows. In order to ensure that funds are available when necessary, the Company regularly projects the amount of funds that will be required over a twelve-month period and it also strives to maintain relationships with a diversified customer base. Liquidity requirements can also be met through short-term borrowings or the disposition of short-term assets. 
 The Company has a formal liquidity policy and, in the opinion of management, its liquid assets are considered adequate to meet cash flow needs for loan funding and deposit cash withdrawals in the short-term. At December 31, 2022, there was 6.2 billion in liquid assets, comprised of 212.3 million in cash and due from banks; 1.9 billion in interest-earning deposits in financial institutions, net of restricted cash collateral accounts; 3.7 billion in unpledged available-for-sale securities; and 416.4 million in unpledged held-to-maturity securities. At December 31, 2021, the Company maintained 14.2 billion in liquid assets, comprised of 112.5 million in cash and due from banks; 3.9 billion in interest-earning deposits in financial institutions, net of restricted cash collateral accounts; and 10.2 billion in unpledged available-for-sale securities. 
 The Company s liquidity decreased by 8.0 billion during the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily due to the following two factors: (i) our liquidity at December 31, 2021 was higher than usual due to the 4.1 billion of liquidity acquired from the HOA Business acquisition in October 2021, and (ii) during 2022, liquid assets decreased due to the deployment of liquidity to fund loan growth of 5.7 billion and an outflow of venture banking deposits of 4.2 billion. 
 88 

We also maintain available borrowing capacity under secured credit lines with the FHLB and the FRBSF, which we refer to as our secondary liquidity. As a member of the FHLB, the Bank had secured borrowing capacity with the FHLB of 5.8 billion at December 31, 2022, of which all but 1.3 billion was available on that date. The FHLB secured credit line was collateralized by a blanket lien on 7.0 billion of certain qualifying loans and 2.1 billion of securities. The Bank also had secured borrowing capacity with the FRBSF of 2.5 billion at December 31, 2022, all of which was available on that date. The FRBSF secured credit line was collateralized by liens on 3.1 billion of qualifying loans. 
 In addition to its secured lines of credit, the Bank also maintains unsecured lines of credit for the purpose of borrowing overnight funds, subject to availability, of 112.0 million with the FHLB and 180.0 million in the aggregate with several correspondent banks. As of December 31, 2022, there was 112.0 million balance outstanding related to these unsecured lines of credit. The Bank is a member of the AFX, through which it may either borrow or lend funds on an overnight or short-term basis with a group of pre-approved commercial banks. The availability of funds changes daily. As of December 31, 2022, the Bank had borrowed 250.0 million through the AFX. 
 Additionally, we generate liquidity from cash flows from our loan and securities portfolios and from our large base of core deposits, defined as noninterest-bearing demand, interest checking, savings, and non-brokered money market accounts. At December 31, 2022, core deposits totaled 26.6 billion and represented 78 of the Company's total deposits. Core deposits are normally less volatile, often with customer relationships tied to other products offered by the Bank promoting long-standing relationships and stable funding sources. See "- Balance Sheet Analysis - Deposits " for additional information and detail of our core deposits. 
 Our deposit balances may decrease if customers withdraw funds from the Bank. In order to address the Bank s liquidity risk from fluctuating deposit balances, the Bank maintains adequate levels of available liquidity on and off the balance sheet. 
 We use brokered deposits, the availability of which is uncertain and subject to competitive market forces and regulation, for liquidity management purposes. At December 31, 2022, brokered deposits totaled 4.9 billion, consisting primarily of 2.6 billion of non-maturity brokered accounts and 2.3 billion of brokered time deposits. At December 31, 2021, brokered deposits totaled 1.1 billion, consisting mainly of 0.9 billion of non-maturity brokered accounts and 195.7 million of brokered time deposits. 
 
 Holding Company Liquidity 
 PacWest acts a source of financial strength for the Bank which can also include being a source of liquidity. The primary sources of liquidity for the holding company include dividends from the Bank, intercompany tax payments from the Bank, and PacWest's ability to raise capital, issue subordinated debt, and secure outside borrowings. PacWest's ability to obtain funds for the payment of dividends to our stockholders, the repurchase of shares of common stock, and other cash requirements is largely dependent upon the Bank s earnings. The Bank is subject to restrictions under certain federal and state laws and regulations that limit its ability to transfer funds to the holding company through intercompany loans, advances, or cash dividends. PacWest's ability to pay dividends is also subject to the restrictions set forth in Delaware law, by the FRB, and by certain covenants contained in our subordinated debt. See "Item 1. Business - Supervision and Regulation - Dividends and Share Repurchases " and Note 23. Dividend Availability and Regulatory Matters of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in "Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" for discussions of factors affecting the availability of dividends and limitations on the ability to declare dividends. 
 89 

Dividends on the Series A preferred stock are not cumulative or mandatory. If the Company's Board of Directors does not declare a dividend on the Series A preferred stock in respect of a dividend period, then no dividend shall be deemed to be payable for such dividend period or be cumulative, and the Company will have no obligation to pay any dividend for that dividend period, whether or not the Board of Directors declares a dividend on the Series A preferred stock or any other class or series of its capital stock for any future dividend period. However, if dividends on the Series A preferred stock have not been declared or paid for the equivalent of six dividend payments, whether or not for consecutive dividend periods, holders of the outstanding shares of Series A preferred stock, together with holders of any other series of the Company's preferred stock ranking equal with the Series A preferred stock with similar voting rights, will generally be entitled to vote for the election of two additional directors. Additionally, so long as any share of Series A preferred stock remains outstanding, unless dividends on all outstanding shares of Series A preferred stock for the most recently completed dividend period have been paid in full or declared and a sum sufficient for the payment thereof has been set aside for payment, no dividend shall be declared or paid or set aside for payment and no distribution shall be declared or made or set aside for payment on the Company's common stock. 
 At December 31, 2022, PacWest had 351.2 million in cash and cash equivalents, of which substantially all is on deposit at the Bank. We believe this amount of cash, along with anticipated future dividends from the Bank, will be sufficient to fund the holding company s cash flow needs over the next 12 months. 
 
 Material Cash Requirements 
 Our material contractual obligations are primarily for time deposits, subordinated debt, commi tments to contribute capital to investments in LIHTC partnerships, SBICs and CRA-related loan pools, and operating lease obligations. At December 31, 2022, time deposits totaled 4.7 billion, of which 4.1 billion was due within one year. Gross subordinated debt totaled 939.4 million, all of which was due after five years. Our liability to contribute capital to LIHTC partne rships w as 188.1 million and our commitment to contribute capital to SBICs and CRA-related loan pools was 76.9 million for a combined total of 264.9 million, of which 114.8 million was d ue within one year. Our operating lease obligation for leased faci lities totaled 151.0 million, of which 37.1 million was due within one year. For further information regarding these items, see Note 11. Deposits , Note 12. Borrowings and Subordinated Debt, Note 9. Other Assets, Note 14 . Commitments and Contingencies, and Note 10. Leases of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 We believe that we will be able to meet our contractual obligations as they come due through the maintenance of adequate liquidity levels. We expect to maintain adequate liquidity levels through profitability, loan and lease payoffs, securities repayments and maturities, and continued deposit gathering activities. We also have in place various borrowing mechanisms for both short-term and long-term liquidity needs. 
 Our obligations also include off-balance sheet arrangements consisting of loan commitments, of which only a portion is expected to be funded, and standby letters of credit. At December 31, 2022, our loan commitments and standby letters of credit were 11.1 billion and 320.9 million, respectively. The loan commitments, a portion of which will eventually result in funded loans, increase our profitability through net interest income when drawn and unused commitment fees prior to being drawn. We manage our overall liquidity taking into consideration funded and unfunded commitments as a percentage of our liquidity sources. Our liquidity sources, as described in - Liquidity - Liquidity Management , have been and are expected to be sufficient to meet the cash requirements of our lending activities. For further information on loan commitments, see Note 14. Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 1. Nature of Operations and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for information on recent accounting pronouncements and their expected impact, if any, on our consolidated financial statements. 
 90 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 Market Risk - Foreign Currency Exchange 
 We enter into foreign exchange contracts with our clients and counterparty banks primarily for the purpose of offsetting or hedging clients' foreign currency exposures arising out of commercial transactions, and we enter into cross currency swaps and foreign exchange forward contracts to hedge exposures to loans and debt instruments denominated in foreign currencies. We have experienced and will continue to experience fluctuations in our net earnings as a result of transaction gains or losses related to revaluing certain asset and liability balances that are denominated in currencies other than the U.S. Dollar and the derivatives that hedge those exposures. As of December 31, 2022, the U.S. Dollar notional amounts of subordinated debt payable denominated in foreign currencies were 27.6 million, and the U.S. Dollar notional amounts of derivatives outstanding to hedge these foreign currency exposures were 28.5 million. We recognized foreign currency translation net gains of 2.0 million, 296,000, and 3,000 for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Asset/Liability Management and Interest Rate Sensitivity 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 We measure our IRR position on a monthly basis using two methods: (i) NII simulation analysis; and (ii) MVE modeling. The Executive ALM Committee and the Board Finance Committee review the results of these analyses quarterly. If hypothetical changes to interest rates cause changes to our simulated net present value of equity and/or net interest income outside our pre-established limits, we may adjust our asset and liability mix in an effort to bring our interest rate risk exposure within our established limits. 
 We evaluated the results of our NII simulation model and MVE model prepared as of December 31, 2022, the results of which are presented below. Our NII simulation and MVE model indicate that our balance sheet is substantially neutral. A neutral IRR profile would suggest that a sudden sustained rate increase or decrease would not result in a material change in our estimated NII and MVE. 
 Net Interest Income Simulation 
 We used a NII simulation model to measure the estimated changes in NII that would result over the next 12 months from immediate and sustained changes in interest rates as of December 31, 2022. This model is an interest rate risk management tool and the results are not necessarily an indication of our future net interest income. This model has inherent limitations and these results are based on a given set of rate changes and assumptions at one point in time. We have assumed no growth or changes in the product mix of either our total interest-sensitive assets or liabilities over the next 12 months, therefore the results reflect an interest rate shock to a static balance sheet. 
 This analysis calculates the difference between NII forecasted using both increasing and decreasing interest rate scenarios using the forward yield curve at December 31, 2022. In order to arrive at the base case, we extend our balance sheet at December 31, 2022 one year and reprice any assets and liabilities that would contractually reprice or mature during that period using the products pricing as of December 31, 2022. Based on such repricing, we calculate an estimated NII and NIM for each rate scenario. 
 
 91 

The NII simulation model is dependent upon numerous assumptions. For example, the majority of our loans are variable rate that are assumed to reprice in accordance with their contractual terms. Some loans and investment securities include the opportunity of prepayment (embedded options) and the simulation model uses prepayment assumptions to estimate these accelerated cash flows and reinvest these proceeds at current simulated yields. Our interest-bearing deposits reprice at our discretion and are assumed to reprice at a rate less than the change in market rates. The 12 month NII simulation model as of December 31, 2022 assumes interest-bearing deposits reprice at 54 and total deposits reprice at 36 of the change in market rates in a rising interest rate scenario, depending on the amount of the rate change (this is commonly referred to as the "deposit beta"). The effects of certain balance sheet attributes, such as fixed-rate loans, interest rate floors on variable-rate loans, and the volume of noninterest-bearing deposits as a percentage of earning assets, impact our assumptions and consequently the results of our NII simulation model. Additionally, we assume that all market interest rates have an interest rate floor of 0 . C hanges that could vary significantly from our assumptions include loan and deposit growth or contraction, loan and de posit pricing, changes in the mix of earning assets or funding sources, and future asset/liability management decisions, all of which may have significant effects on our net interest income. 
 The following table presents forecasted net interest income and net interest margin for the next 12 months using the static balance sheet as of December 31, 2022 and forward yield curve as of December 31, 2022 (which presumes two interest rate hikes in 2023) as the base scenario, with immediate and sustained parallel upward and downward movements in interest rates of 100, 200, and 300 basis points as of the date indicated: 
 Forecasted Forecasted Forecasted Net Interest Percentage Net Interest Net Interest Income Change Margin Margin Change December 31, 2022 (Tax Equivalent) From Base (Tax Equivalent) From Base (Dollars in millions) Interest Rate Scenario: Up 300 basis points 1,292.5 1.3 3.25 0.04 Up 200 basis points 1,286.0 0.8 3.24 0.03 Up 100 basis points 1,278.0 0.2 3.22 0.01 BASE CASE 1,275.3 3.21 Down 100 basis points 1,284.1 0.7 3.23 0.02 Down 200 basis points 1,291.3 1.3 3.25 0.04 Down 300 basis points 1,296.3 1.6 3.27 0.06 
 During 2022, total base case year 1 tax equivalent NII increased by 91.9 million or 8 to 1.3 billion at December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021, and the base case tax equivalent NIM increased to 3.21 at December 31, 2022 from 3.17 at December 31, 2021. The increase in year 1 NII and tax equivalent NIM compared to the December 31, 2021 forecasted NII and NIM was attributable to the increased average balance of interest-earning assets resulting from the increase in loans and leases, net of the decreases in average interest-earning deposits in financial institutions and average investment securities, the impact of actual rate hikes, and the impact of the increase in the implied forward yield curve, offset partially by the shift in funding mix from the increase in brokered deposits and borrowings and the decrease in noninterest-bearing deposits. The implied forward yield curve for December 31, 2021 included three 25 basis points rate hikes over a 12-month horizon to a Fed target rate of 1.00 , while the implied forward yield curve for December 31, 2022 included two 25 basis points rate hikes over a 12-month horizon to a Fed target rate of 5.00 . 
 In addition to parallel interest rate shock scenarios, we also model various alternative rate vectors. The most favorable alternate rate vector that we model is the Gradual Decrease scenario, which applies a parallel ramped increase to the yield curve over an 18 month horizon. In the Gradual Decrease scenario, Year 1 tax equivalent NII decreases by 0.18 . The most unfavorable alternate rate vector that we model is the Gradual Increase scenario, in which rates decrease over an 18 month ramped horizon, with short term rates falling more than longer term rates. In the Gradual Increase scenario, Year 1 tax equivalent NII decreases by 1.23 . 

92 

At December 31, 2022, we had 28.8 billion of total gross loans that included 12.0 billion with variable interest rate terms (excluding hybrid loans discussed below). Of the variable interest rate loans, 10.82 billion, or 90 , contained interest rate floor provisions, which included 10.77 billion of loans that were at or above their floors and only 43.2 million of loans below their floors. 
 At December 31, 2022, we also had 6.1 billion of variable-rate hybrid loans that do not immediately reprice because the loans contain an initial fixed rate period before they become variable. The cumulative amounts of hybrid loans that would switch from being fixed rate to variable rate because the initial fixed-rate term would expire were approximately 163.0 million, 444.9 million, and 972.8 million in the next one, two, and three years. 
 LIBOR is expected to be phased out in 2023, as such the Company stopped originations of LIBOR-indexed loans effective December 31, 2021. The business processes impacted relate primarily to our variable-rate loans and our subordinated debt, both of which are indexed to LIBOR. For further information see Item 7A. Risk Factors. 
 Market Value of Equity 
 We measure the impact of market interest rate changes on the net present value of estimated cash flows from our assets, liabilities, and off-balance sheet items, defined as the market value of equity, using our MVE model. This simulation model assesses the changes in the market value of our interest-sensitive financial instruments that would occur in response to an instantaneous and sustained increase or decrease in market interest rates of 100, 200, and 300 basis points. This analysis assigns significant value to our noninterest-bearing deposit balances. The projections include various assumptions regarding cash flows and interest rates and are by their nature forward-looking and inherently uncertain. 
 The MVE model is an interest rate risk management tool and the results are not necessarily an indication of our actual future results. Actual results may vary significantly from the results suggested by the market value of equity table. Loan prepayments and deposit attrition, changes in the mix of our earning assets or funding sources, and future asset/liability management decisions, among others, may vary significantly from our assumptions. The base case is determined by applying various current market discount rates to the estimated cash flows from the different types of assets, liabilities, and off-balance sheet items existing at December 31, 2022. 
 The following table shows the projected change in the market value of equity for the rate scenarios presented as of the date indicated: 
 Ratio of 
 Projected 
 Dollar 
 Percentage 
 Percentage 
 Projected 
 Market Value 
 Change 
 Change 
 of Total 
 Market Value 
 December 31, 2022 of Equity 
 From Base 
 From Base 
 Assets 
 to Book Value 
 (Dollars in millions) Interest Rate Scenario: 
 Up 300 basis points 8,300.5 (194.0) (2.3) 20.1 210.1 Up 200 basis points 8,416.6 (77.9) (0.9) 20.4 213.1 Up 100 basis points 8,481.5 (13.1) (0.2) 20.6 214.7 BASE CASE 8,494.5 20.6 215.0 Down 100 basis points 8,478.1 (16.5) (0.2) 20.6 214.6 Down 200 basis points 8,457.9 (36.6) (0.4) 20.5 214.1 Down 300 basis points 8,397.3 (97.3) (1.1) 20.4 212.6 
 During 2022, total base case projected market value of equity decreased by 177.3 million to 8.5 billion at December 31, 2022. This decrease in base case projected MVE was due primarily to: (1) a 2.50 billion decrease in the mark-to-market adjustment for loans and leases; (2) a 157.2 million decrease in the mark-to-market adjustment for investment securities held-to-maturity; and (3) a 49.1 million decrease in the book value of stockholders' equity; offset partially by (4) a 2.53 billion decrease in the mark-to-market adjustment for total deposits, borrowings, and subordinated debt. The decrease in the book value of stockholders' equity was due mainly to a 856.9 million decline in accumulated other comprehensive income and 120.3 million of common stock cash dividends paid, offset partially by the 498.5 million net proceeds from issuance of Series A preferred stock and 423.6 million of net earnings. 
 93 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 Contents 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 95 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 96 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 100 
 Consolidated Statements of Earnings (Loss) for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 101 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 102 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 103 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 104 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 106 

94 

MANAGEMENT S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 The management of PacWest Bancorp, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. The Company s internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance to the Company s management and Board of Directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. 
 Management maintains a comprehensive system of controls intended to ensure that transactions are executed in accordance with management s authorization, assets are safeguarded, and financial records are reliable. Management also takes steps to see that information and communication flows are effective and to monitor performance, including performance of internal control procedures. 
 As of December 31, 2022, PacWest Bancorp management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on the framework established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, management has determined that the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, is effective. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements should they occur. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the control procedures may deteriorate. 
 KPMG LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm that audited the Company s consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10 K, has issued a report on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. The report, which expresses an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, is included in this Item under the heading Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 

95 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors 
 PacWest Bancorp: 
 Opinions on the Consolidated Financial Statements and Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of PacWest Bancorp and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of earnings (loss), comprehensive income (loss), changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's consolidated financial statements and an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 96 

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Assessment of the allowance for credit losses for loans and leases collectively evaluated 
 As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s allowance for credit losses for loans and leases collectively evaluated is the combination of an allowance for loan and lease losses collectively evaluated (reserve on pooled loans and leases) and the reserve for unfunded loan commitments (collective ACL). As discussed in Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s total allowance for credit losses as of December 31, 2022 was 291.8 million, of which 288.5 million related to the collective ACL. The collective ACL is measured with the current expected credit loss (CECL) approach for financial instruments measured at amortized cost and other commitments to extend credit which share similar risk characteristics and reflects losses over the remaining contractual life of an asset, considering the effect of prepayments and available information about the collectability of cash flows, including information about relevant historical loss experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts of future events and circumstances. The Company s CECL methodology for the reserve on pooled loans and leases component includes both quantitative and qualitative loss factors which are applied to the population of loans and leases and assessed at a pool level. The Company estimates the probability of default (PD) during the reasonable and supportable period using econometric regression models developed to correlate macroeconomic variables to historical credit performance for pooled loans, excluding pools that have insignificant current balances and/or insignificant historical losses and purchased single-family residential mortgage loans. The loans and unfunded commitments are grouped into loss given default (LGD) pools based on portfolio classes that share similar collateral risk characteristics. LGD rates are computed based on the net charge-offs recognized divided by the exposure at default (EAD) of defaulted loans. The Company estimates the reserve for unfunded loan commitments using the same PD, LGD, and prepayment rates as used for the reserve on pooled loans and leases. The reserve for unfunded loan commitments is computed using expected future utilization rates of the unfunded commitments during the contractual life of the commitments based on historical usage of unfunded commitments by loan pool. For the reasonable and supportable forecast period, future macroeconomic events and circumstances are estimated using a single economic forecast scenario or weighting of multiple scenarios that is consistent with the Company s current expectations for the loan pools. The EAD is multiplied by the PD and LGD rates to calculate expected losses through the end of the forecast period. The Company then reverts on a straight-line basis from the PD, LGD, and prepayment rates used during the reasonable and supportable period to the Company s historical PD, LGD, and prepayment experience. For the purchased single-family residential mortgage loans, a third-party model for estimating prepayment, PD, and LGD based on forecasted economic conditions and historical residential mortgage loan performance is applied. The qualitative portion of the reserve on pooled loans and leases represents the Company s judgment of additional considerations to account for internal and external risk factors that are not adequately measured in the quantitative reserve, including consideration of idiosyncratic risk factors, conditions that may not be reflected in quantitatively derived results, or other relevant factors to ensure the collective ACL reflects the Company s best estimate of current expected credit losses. 
 97 

We identified the assessment of the collective ACL as a critical audit matter. A high degree of audit effort, including specialized skills and knowledge, and subjective and complex auditor judgment was involved in the assessment. Specifically, the assessment encompassed the evaluation of the collective ACL methodology, including the methods and models used to estimate the PD, LGD, prepayments and their significant assumptions, including the pooling of loans and leases which share similar risk characteristics, the selection and weighting of economic forecasts and macroeconomic events and circumstances, the reasonable and supportable forecast period, the reversion to the Company s historical PD, LGD, and prepayment experience for the remaining contractual life of the loans and leases, internal risk ratings for commercial loans, and the qualitative loss factors and their significant assumptions, including the idiosyncratic risk factors. The assessment included an evaluation of the conceptual soundness of the PD, LGD, and prepayment models. The assessment also encompassed the determination of expected future utilization rates on unfunded loan commitments utilized in the reserve for unfunded loan commitments. In addition, auditor judgment was required to evaluate the sufficiency of audit evidence obtained. 
 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to the Company s measurement of the collective ACL estimate, including controls over the: 
 development and approval of the collective ACL methodology 
 development of the PD, LGD, and prepayment models 
 identification and determination of the significant assumptions used in the PD, LGD, and prepayment models used to calculate the collective ACL 
 development of the qualitative loss factors, including the significant assumptions used in the measurement of the qualitative factors 
 development of the expected future utilization rates of unfunded loan commitments 
 analysis of the collective ACL results, trends, and ratios. 
 We evaluated the Company s process to develop the collective ACL estimate by testing certain sources of data, factors, and assumptions that the Company used, and considered the relevance and reliability of such data, factors, and assumptions. In addition, we involved credit risk professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, who assisted in the following: 
 evaluating the collective ACL methodology for compliance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles 
 evaluating judgments made by the Company relative to the development and performance of the PD, LGD, and prepayment models by comparing them to relevant Company-specific metrics and trends and the applicable industry and regulatory practices 
 assessing the conceptual soundness and performance of the PD, LGD, and prepayment models by inspecting the model documentation to determine whether the models are suitable for their intended use 
 evaluating the selection and weightings of the economic forecasts and underlying assumptions by comparing them to relevant Company-specific metrics and trends and the applicable industry and regulatory practices 
 evaluating the economic forecasts and macroeconomic events and circumstances through comparison to publicly available forecasts 
 evaluating the length of the historical observation period, reasonable and supportable forecast period, and reversion period by comparing them to specific portfolio risk characteristics and trends 
 determining whether the loan and lease portfolio is pooled by similar risk characteristics by comparing to the Company s business environment and relevant industry practices 
 evaluating individual internal risk ratings for a selection of commercial loans by evaluating the financial performance of the borrower, sources of repayment, and any relevant guarantees or underlying collateral 
 evaluating the methodology used to develop the qualitative loss factors and their significant assumptions, and the effect of those factors on the collective ACL compared with relevant credit risk factors and consistency with credit trends and identified limitations of the underlying quantitative models 
 evaluating the methodology of the expected future utilization rates of unfunded loan commitments by comparing them to relevant Company-specific metrics and trends. 
 98 

We also assessed the sufficiency of the audit evidence obtained related to the Company s collective ACL by evaluating the: 
 cumulative results of the audit procedures 
 qualitative aspects of the Company s accounting practices 
 potential bias in the accounting estimate. 
 
 /s/ KPMG LLP 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 1982. 
 Irvine, California 
 February 27, 2023 
 
 99 

PACWEST BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 December 31, 2022 2021 (Dollars in thousands, except par value amounts) ASSETS: Cash and due from banks Interest-earning deposits in financial institutions Total cash and cash equivalents Securities available-for-sale, at fair value Securities held-to-maturity, at amortized cost, net of allowance for credit losses Federal Home Loan Bank stock, at cost Total investment securities Loans held for sale Gross loans and leases held for investment Deferred fees, net ) ) Allowance for loan and lease losses ) ) Total loans and leases held for investment, net Equipment leased to others under operating leases Premises and equipment, net Foreclosed assets, net Goodwill Core deposit and customer relationship intangibles, net Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES: Noninterest-bearing deposits Interest-bearing deposits Total deposits Borrowings (including at fair value) 
 Subordinated debt Accrued interest payable and other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY: Preferred stock par value; shares authorized; Series A shares, 
 per share liquidation preference, issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022) 
 Common stock par value, shares authorized at December 31, 2022 and 2021, 
 and shares issued, respectively, includes and 
 shares of unvested restricted stock, respectively) Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Treasury stock, at cost and shares at December 31, 2022 and 2021) 
 ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income, net ) Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 100 

PACWEST BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EARNINGS (LOSS) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (In thousands, except per share amounts) Interest income: Loans and leases Investment securities Deposits in financial institutions Total interest income Interest expense: Deposits Borrowings Subordinated debt Total interest expense Net interest income Provision for credit losses ) Net interest income after provision for credit losses Noninterest income: Other commissions and fees Leased equipment income Service charges on deposit accounts Gain on sale of loans and leases (Loss) gain on sale of securities ) Dividends and (losses) gains on equity investments ) Warrant income Other income Total noninterest income Noninterest expense: Compensation Occupancy Leased equipment depreciation Data processing Insurance and assessments Other professional services Customer related expense Intangible asset amortization Loan expense Acquisition, integration and reorganization costs Foreclosed assets income, net ) ) ) Goodwill impairment Other expense Total noninterest expense Earnings (loss) before income taxes ) Income tax expense Net earnings (loss) ) Preferred stock dividends Net earnings (loss) available to common stockholders Earnings (loss) per share: Basic ) Diluted ) 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 101 

PACWEST BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (In thousands) Net earnings (loss) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: Unrealized net holding (losses) gains on securities available-for-sale arising during the year ) ) Income tax benefit (expense) related to net unrealized holding gains (losses) arising during the year ) Unrealized net holding (losses) gains on securities available-for-sale, net of tax ) ) Reclassification adjustment for net losses (gains) included in net earnings (1) 
 ) ) Income tax (benefit) expense related to reclassification adjustment ) Reclassification adjustment for net losses (gains) included in net earnings, net of tax ) ) Unrealized net loss on securities transferred from available-for-sale to held-to-maturity ) Amortization of unrealized net loss on securities transferred from available-for-sale to held-to-maturity Income tax benefit related to amortization of unrealized net loss on securities transferred from available-for-sale to held-to-maturity ) Amortization of unrealized net loss on securities transferred from available-for-sale to held-to-maturity, net of tax Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) ) 
 __________________________________ 
 (1) 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 102 

PACWEST BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 Common Stock Accumulated Additional Other Preferred Par Paid-in Retained Treasury Comprehensive Stock (1) 
 Shares Value Capital Earnings Stock (Loss) Income Total (In thousands, except per share amount) Balance, December 31, 2019 ) Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle (2) 
 ) ) Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive income, net of tax Restricted stock awarded and earned stock compensation, net of shares forfeited Restricted stock surrendered ) ) ) Common stock repurchased under Stock Repurchase Program ) ) ) ) Cash dividends paid: Common stock, /share 
 ) ) Balance, December 31, 2020 ) Net earnings Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Restricted stock awarded and earned stock compensation, net of shares forfeited Restricted stock surrendered ) ) ) Cash dividends paid: Common stock, /share 
 ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 ) Net earnings Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Issuance of preferred stock, net of offering costs Restricted stock awarded and earned stock compensation, net of shares forfeited Restricted stock surrendered ) ) ) Cash dividends paid: Preferred stock, /share 
 ) ) Common stock, /share 
 ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 ________________________ 
 (1) T here were shares of Series A preferred stock issued during the 2 nd quarter of 2022 that remained outstanding at December 31, 2022. 
 (2) Impact due to adoption on January 1, 2020 of ASU 2016-13, " Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (ASC 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments," and the related amendments, commonly referred to as CECL. 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 103 

PACWEST BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (In thousands) Cash flows from operating activities: Net earnings (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net earnings (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: Goodwill impairment Depreciation and amortization Amortization of net premiums on investment securities Amortization of intangible assets Amortization of operating lease ROU assets Provision for credit losses ) Gain on sale of foreclosed assets, net ) ) ) Provision for losses on foreclosed assets Gain on sale of loans and leases, net ) ) ) Loss on sale of premises and equipment Loss (gain) on sale of securities, net ) ) Gain on BOLI death benefits ) Unrealized (gain) loss on derivatives, foreign currencies, and credit-linked notes, net ) ) Earned stock compensation Increase in other assets ) ) ) Increase (decrease) in accrued interest payable and other liabilities ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Cash acquired in acquisitions, net of cash consideration paid Net increase in loans and leases ) ) ) Proceeds from sales of loans and leases Proceeds from maturities and paydowns of securities available-for-sale Proceeds from sales of securities available-for-sale Purchases of securities available-for-sale ) ) ) Proceeds from maturities and paydowns of securities held-to-maturity Net (purchases) redemptions of Federal Home Loan Bank stock ) Proceeds from sales of foreclosed assets Purchases of premises and equipment, net ) ) ) Proceeds from sales of premises and equipment Proceeds from BOLI death benefits Net increase in equipment leased to others under operating leases ) ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Net (decrease) increase in noninterest-bearing deposits ) Net increase in interest-bearing deposits Net increase (decrease) in borrowings ) ) Net proceeds from subordinated notes offering Net proceeds from preferred stock offering Common stock repurchased and restricted stock surrendered ) ) ) Preferred stock dividends paid ) Common stock dividends paid ) ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 104 

PACWEST BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (In thousands) Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes Loans transferred to foreclosed assets Transfers from loans held for investment to loans held for sale Transfer of securities available-for-sale to held-to-maturity Effective February 1, 2021, the Company acquired Civic 
 in a transaction summarized as follows: Fair value of assets acquired Cash paid ) Liabilities assumed Effective October 8, 2021, the Company acquired the HOA Business 
 in a transaction summarized as follows: Fair value of assets acquired Cash paid ) Liabilities assumed 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

105 

PACWEST BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(c) 
 
 (d) Reclassifications 
 None. 
 106 

PACWEST BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(f) 
 107 

PACWEST BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(h) Equity and Other Investments 
 Investments in equity securities are classified into one of the following two categories and accounted as follows: 
 Securities with a readily determinable fair value are reported at fair value, with changes in fair value recorded in earnings. 
 Securities without a readily determinable fair value for which we have elected the "measurement alternative" are reported at cost less impairment (if any) plus or minus adjustments resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for the identical or similar investment of the same issuer. 
 Investments in common or preferred stock that are not publicly traded and certain investments in limited partnerships are considered equity investments that do not have a readily determinable fair value. On a quarterly basis, we review our equity investments without readily determinable fair values for impairment. We consider a number of qualitative factors such as whether there is a significant deterioration in earnings performance, credit rating, asset quality, or business prospects of the investee in determining if impairment exists. If the investment is considered impaired, an impairment loss equal to the amount by which the carrying value exceeds its fair value is recorded through a charge to earnings. The impairment loss may be reversed in a subsequent period if there are observable transactions for the identical or similar investment of the same issuer at a higher amount than the carrying amount that was established when the impairment was recognized. Impairment as well as upward or downward adjustments resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for identical or similar investments are included in Noninterest income - other. 
 Included in our equity investments that do not have a readily determinable fair value are our investments in non-public Small Business Investment Companies ("SBICs"). All of our SBIC investments meet the definition of investment companies, as defined in ASC 946, Financial Services - Investment Companies . We elected the practical expedient available in Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements , which permits the use of net asset value ("NAV") per share or equivalent to value investments in entities that are or are similar to investment companies. SBICs are required to value and report their investments at estimated fair value. We record the unrealized gains and losses resulting from changes in the fair value of our SBIC investments as gains or losses on equity investments in our consolidated statements of earnings (loss). The carrying value of our SBIC investments is equal to the capital account balance per each SBIC entities' quarterly financial statements. 
 Realized gains or losses resulting from the sale of equity investments are calculated using the specific identification method and are included in "Noninterest income - other." 
 If we have the ability to significantly influence the operating and financial policies of the investee, the investment is accounted for pursuant to the equity method of accounting. This is generally presumed to exist when we own between and of a corporation, or when we own greater than of a limited partnership or similarly structured entity. Our equity investment carrying values are included in other assets and our share of earnings and losses in equity method investees is included in "Noninterest income - other" on the consolidated statements of earnings (loss). 
 Investments in FHLB stock are carried at cost and evaluated regularly for impairment. FHLB stock is expected to be redeemed at par and is a required investment based on measurements of the Bank s assets and/or borrowing levels. 
 108 

PACWEST BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

109 

PACWEST BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 are reviewed individually for expected credit loss. Individually evaluated loans are measured at the present value of the expected future cash flows discounted at the loan's initial effective interest rate, unless the loans are collateral dependent, in which case loan impairment is based on the estimated fair value of the underlying collateral. A loan is considered collateral-dependent when the borrower is experiencing financial difficulty and repayment is expected to be provided substantially through the operation or sale of the collateral. The fair value of each loan s collateral is generally based on estimated market prices from an independently prepared appraisal, which is then adjusted for the cost related to liquidating such collateral. An individually evaluated reserve and/or charge off would be recognized when the present value of expected future cash flows or the fair value of the underlying collateral is below the amortized cost of the loan. If the measured amount of any individually reviewed loan exceeds its amortized cost, further review is required to determine whether a positive allowance should be added (but only up to amounts previously written off) to its amortized cost basis in order to reflect the net amount expected to be collected. 
 Troubled debt restructurings. A loan is classified as a troubled debt restructuring when we grant a concession to a borrower experiencing financial difficulties that we otherwise would not consider under our normal lending policies. These concessions may include a reduction of the interest rate, principal or accrued interest, extension of the maturity date or other actions intended to minimize potential losses. All modifications of criticized loans are evaluated to determine whether such modifications are troubled debt restructurings as outlined under ASC Subtopic 310 40, Troubled Debt Restructurings by Creditors. Loans restructured with an interest rate equal to or greater than that of a new loan with comparable market risk at the time the loan is modified may be excluded from certain restructured loan disclosures in years subsequent to the restructuring if the loans are in compliance with their modified terms. 
 Between March 2020 and December 2021, the Company granted various commercial and consumer loan modifications to provide borrowers relief from the economic impacts of COVID-19. In accordance with the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security ("CARES") Act, the Company elected to not apply TDR classification to COVID-19 related loan modifications that met all of the requisite criteria as stipulated in the CARES Act. 
 110 

PACWEST BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(j) 
 is individually evaluated for expected credit loss when it is probable that we will be unable to collect all amounts due according to the original contractual terms of the agreement. We select loans and leases for individual assessment on an ongoing basis using certain criteria such as payment performance, borrower reported and forecasted financial results, and other external factors when appropriate. We measure the current expected credit loss of an individually evaluated loan or lease based upon the fair value of the underlying collateral if the loan or lease is collateral-dependent or the present value of cash flows, discounted at the effective interest rate, if the loan or lease is not collateral-dependent. To the extent a loan or lease balance exceeds the estimated collectable value, a reserve or charge-off is recorded depending upon either the certainty of the estimate of loss or the fair value of the loan s collateral if the loan is collateral-dependent. 
 111 

PACWEST BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 , where it is probable that we will be unable to collect all amounts due according to the contractual terms of the agreement, remain in their respective pools and are assigned a 100 probability of default. 
 For the reasonable and supportable forecast period, future macroeconomic events and circumstances are estimated over a 4-quarter time horizon using an economic forecast that is consistent with management's current expectations for the 17 loan pools. We use economic forecasts from Moody's Analytics in this process. The economic forecast is updated monthly; therefore, the forecast used for each quarter-end calculation is generally released a few weeks prior to quarter-end. If economic conditions as of the balance sheet date change materially, management would consider a qualitative adjustment. The key macroeconomic assumptions used in each of the seven PD regression models include two or three of the following economic indicators: Real GDP, unemployment rates, CRE Price Index, the BBB corporate spread, nominal disposable income, and CPI. 
 The quantitative CECL model applies the projected rates based on the economic forecasts for the 4-quarter reasonable and supportable forecast horizon to EAD to estimate defaulted loans. During this forecast horizon, prepayment rates during a historical period that exhibits economic conditions most similar to the economic forecast are used to estimate EAD. If no historical period exhibits economic conditions that are similar to the economic forecast, management uses its best estimate of prepayments expected over the reasonable and supportable forecast period which may, in some circumstances, be the average of all historical prepayment experience. Historical LGD rates are applied to estimated defaulted loans to determine estimated credit losses. We then use a 2-quarter reversion p eriod to revert on a straight-line basis from the PD, LGD, and prepayment rates used during the reasonable and supportable forecast period to the Company s historical PD, LGD, and prepayment experience. Subsequent to the reversion period for the remaining contractual life of loans and leases, the PD, LGD, and prepayment rates are based on historical experience during a full economic cycle. PD regression models and prepayment rates are updated on an annual basis. During the annual model performance assessment for 2021 and 2022, we considered updating the PD models with 2020 data, however, we elected not to include historical data from 2020 to assess the quantitative expected credit losses because we believe 2020 did not represent normal economic behavior considering the changes in macroeconomic variables and the significant levels of government relief programs. As such, we continued to use the most recent and complete economic cycle from 2009 to 2019 to assess quantitative expected credit losses. LGD rates are updated every quarter to reflect current charge-off activity. 
 112 

PACWEST BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 113 

PACWEST BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(k) 
 to years and for buildings up to years. Leasehold improvements are amortized over their estimated useful lives, or the life of the lease, whichever is shorter. 
 (l) 
 
 (m) 
 
 114 

PACWEST BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(n) 
 to years. CRI assets are amortized to expense over their useful lives, which we have estimated to range from to years. The amortization expense represents the estimated decline in the value of the underlying deposits or customer relationships acquired. 
 Both CDI and CRI are reviewed for impairment quarterly or earlier if events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying values may not be recoverable. If the recoverable amount of either CDI or CRI is determined to be less than its carrying value, we would then measure the amount of impairment based on an estimate of the intangible asset s fair value at that time. If the fair value is below the carrying value, then the intangible asset is reduced to such fair value; an impairment loss for such amount would be recognized as a charge to "Noninterest expense" in the consolidated statements of earnings (loss). 
 (o) Operating Leases 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company only had operating leases related to our leased facilities. The Company determines if an arrangement is a lease at inception by assessing whether there is an identified asset and whether the contract conveys the right to control the use of the identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration. Operating leases with a term of more than one year are included in operating lease ROU assets and operating lease liabilities, which are reported in "Other assets" and "Accrued interest payable and other liabilities" on the Company's consolidated balance sheets. The Company made a policy election to apply the short-term lease exemption to any operating leases with an original term of less than 12 months, therefore no ROU asset or lease liability is recorded for these operating leases. The Company has agreements with lease and non-lease components, which are accounted for as a single lease component. 
 115 

PACWEST BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

or of the target amortization amount. Annual PRSU expense may vary during the performance period based upon changes in management's estimate of the number of shares that may ultimately vest. In the case where the performance target for the PRSU s is based on a market condition (such as total shareholder return), the amortization is neither reversed nor suspended if it is subsequently determined that the attainment of the performance target is less than probable or improbable and the employee continues to meet the service requirement of the award. 
 116 

PACWEST BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Unvested PRSUs participate with common stock in any dividends declared, but are only paid on the shares which ultimately vest, if any, at the end of the performance period. At the time of vesting, the vested shares are entitled to receive cumulative dividends declared and paid during the performance period. Such dividends are accrued during the performance period at the estimated level of shares to be received by the award holder. 
 (r) Derivative Instruments 
 The Company uses derivatives to manage exposure to market risk, primarily foreign currency risk and interest rate risk, and to assist customers with their risk management objectives. The Company uses foreign exchange contracts to manage the foreign exchange rate risk associated with certain foreign currency-denominated assets and liabilities. As of December 31, 2022, all of our derivatives were held for risk management purposes and were designated as accounting hedges. The objective is to manage the uncertainty of future foreign exchange rate fluctuations. These derivatives provide for a fixed exchange rate which has the effect of reducing or eliminating changes to anticipated cash flows to be received on assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies as the result of changes to exchange rates. Our foreign currency derivatives are carried at fair value and recorded in other assets or other liabilities, as appropriate. The changes in fair value of our derivatives and the related interest are recognized in "Noninterest income - other" in the consolidated statements of earnings (loss). 
 The Bank offers interest rate swap products to certain loan customers to allow them to hedge the risk of rising interest rates on their variable-rate loans. When such products are issued, we also enter into an offsetting swap with institutional counterparties to eliminate the interest rate risk to us. These back-to-back swap agreements, which generate fee income for us, are intended to offset each other. We retain the credit risk of the original loan. The net cash flow for us is equal to the interest income received from a variable rate loan originated with the client plus a fee. These swaps are not designated as accounting hedges and are recorded at fair value in "Other assets" and "Accrued interest payable and other liabilities" in the consolidated balance sheets. The changes in fair value are recorded in "Noninterest income - other" in the consolidated statements of earnings (loss). 
 In connection with negotiated credit facilities and certain other services, we may obtain equity warrant assets giving us the right to acquire stock in primarily private, venture-backed companies. We account for equity warrant assets as derivatives when they contain net settlement terms and other qualifying criteria under ASC 815. These equity warrant assets are measured at estimated fair value on a monthly basis and are classified as "Other assets" in the consolidated balance sheets at the time they are obtained. 
 Derivative instruments expose us to credit risk in the event of nonperformance by counterparties. This risk exposure consists primarily of the termination value of agreements where we are in a favorable position. We manage the credit risk associated with various derivative agreements through counterparty credit review and monitoring procedures. 
 (s) Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 Comprehensive income (loss) consists of net earnings; changes in the net unrealized gains (losses) on debt securities available for sale, net; and changes in the net unrealized loss on securities transferred to held-to-maturity, net, and is presented in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss). 
 (t) 
 
 117 

PACWEST BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(v) 
 segment. Civic, which we acquired on February 1, 2021, has been identified as an operating segment. In the fourth quarter of 2022, Civic met a quantitative threshold which required it to be disclosed as a reportable operating segment. Therefore, we have two reportable segments as of December 31, 2022: Commercial Banking and Civic and a third segment, Other, which is used for inter-segment eliminations. The factors considered in making this determination include the nature of products and offered services, geographic regions in which we operate, the applicable regulatory environment, and the discrete financial information reviewed by our chief decision maker. 
 118 

PACWEST BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

119 

PACWEST BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 120 

PACWEST BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Effective Effect on the Financial Statements Standard Description Date or Other Significant Matters ASU 2022-03, Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820): Fair Value Measurement of Equity Securities Subject to Contractual Sale Restrictions 
 This standard clarifies that a contractual sale restriction is not considered in measuring an equity security at fair value. The standard also clarifies that an entity cannot recognize a contractual sale restriction as a separate unit of account, such as a contra-asset or liability. The standard requires new disclosures for all entities with equity securities subject to contractual sales restrictions. Additionally, early adoption is permitted. 
 
 January 1, 2024 
 The Company does not take into account contractual sale restrictions in determining the fair value of its equity securities. The Company expects that this standard will not have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 

121 

PACWEST BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 NOTE 2. 
 Loans and leases Premises and equipment Goodwill Core deposit and customer relationship intangibles Other assets Total assets acquired Liabilities Assumed: Noninterest-bearing demand deposits Interest-bearing deposits Total deposits Borrowings Accrued interest payable and other liabilities Total liabilities assumed Total consideration - paid in cash 
 Acquisition of Civic 
 On February 1, 2021, the Bank completed the acquisition of Civic in an all-cash transaction. Civic, located in Redondo Beach, California, is one of the leading lenders in the United States specializing in business-purpose residential non-owner-occupied investment properties. The acquisition of Civic advances the Bank s strategy to diversify and expand its lending portfolio, diversify its revenue streams, and deploy excess liquidity into higher-yielding assets. Civic operates as a subsidiary of the Bank. 
 The Civic acquisition has been accounted for under the acquisition method of accounting. We acquired million of assets and assumed million of liabilities upon closing of the acquisition. We made significant estimates and exercised significant judgment in estimating fair values and accounting for such acquired assets and assumed liabilities. The application of the acquisition method of accounting resulted in the recognition of goodwill of million. All of the recognized goodwill is expected to be deductible for tax purposes. 
 122 

PACWEST BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million, which represented the aggregate of a deposit premium and the net book value of certain acquired assets and assumed liabilities. The HOA Business acquisition has been accounted for under the acquisition method of accounting. We acquired billion of assets and assumed billion of liabilities upon closing of the acquisition. We made significant estimates and exercised significant judgment in estimating fair values and accounting for such acquired assets and assumed liabilities. The application of the acquisition method of accounting resulted in the recognition of goodwill of million. All of the recognized goodwill is expected to be deductible for tax purposes. 
 
 average reserves required to be held at the FRBSF for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we pledged cash collateral for our derivative contracts of million and million. In connection with the issuance of the credit-linked notes on September 29, 2022, the Bank deposited million into a correspondent bank account at a third party financial institution as the collateral account for the credit-linked notes. The repayment of principal on the credit-linked notes is secured by this collateral account, which had a balance of million at December 31, 2022. 
 123 

PACWEST BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 NOTE 4. 
 billion in fair value of municipal securities, agency commercial MBS, private label commercial MBS, U.S. Treasury securities, and corporate debt securities from available-for-sale to held-to-maturity. At the time of transfer, million of unrealized losses, net of tax, was retained in "Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income" on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 Securities Available-for-Sale 
 ) ) U.S. Treasury securities ) ) Agency commercial MBS ) ) Agency residential CMOs ) ) Municipal securities ) ) Corporate debt securities ) ) Private label residential CMOs ) ) Collateralized loan obligations ) ) Private label commercial MBS ) ) Asset-backed securities ) ) SBA securities ) ) Total ) ) 
 See Note 16. Fair Value Measurements for information on fair value measurements and methodology. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had not recorded an allowance for credit losses on securities available-for-sale. The Company does not consider unrealized losses on such securities to be attributable to credit-related factors, as the unrealized losses have occurred as a result of changes in non-credit related factors such as interest rates, market spreads, and market conditions subsequent to purchase. 
 As of December 31, 2022, securities available for sale with a fair value of billion were pledged primarily as collateral to increase FHLB borrowing capacity. 
 124 

PACWEST BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Gross realized gains Gross realized losses ) ) ) Net realized (losses) gains ) 
 ) ) ) U.S. Treasury securities ) ) ) Agency commercial MBS ) ) ) Agency residential CMOs ) ) ) Municipal securities ) ) ) Corporate debt securities ) ) ) Private label residential CMOs ) ) ) Collateralized loan obligations ) ) ) Private label commercial MBS ) ) ) Asset-backed securities ) ) SBA securities ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 
 125 

PACWEST BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 ) ) ) U.S. Treasury securities ) ) Agency commercial MBS ) ) ) Agency residential CMOs ) ) ) Municipal securities ) ) ) Corporate debt securities ) ) Private label residential CMOs ) ) Collateralized loan obligations ) ) ) Private label commercial MBS ) ) Asset-backed securities ) ) ) SBA securities ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 The securities that were in an unrealized loss position at December 31, 2022, were considered impaired and required further review to determine if the unrealized losses were credit-related. We concluded their unrealized losses were a result of the level of market interest rates relative to the types of securities and pricing changes caused by shifting supply and demand dynamics and not a result of downgraded credit ratings or other indicators of deterioration of the underlying issuers' ability to repay. We also considered the seniority of the tranches and U.S. government agency guarantees, if any, to assess whether an unrealized loss was credit-related. Accordingly, we determined the unrealized losses were not credit-related and recognized the unrealized losses in "Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income" of "Stockholders' equity" on the consolidated balance sheets. Although we periodically sell securities for portfolio management purposes, we do not foresee having to sell any impaired securities strictly for liquidity needs and believe that it is more likely than not we would not be required to sell any impaired securities before recovery of their amortized cost. 
 126 

PACWEST BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 U.S. Treasury securities Agency commercial MBS Agency residential CMOs Municipal securities Corporate debt securities Private label residential CMOs Collateralized loan obligations Private label commercial MBS Asset-backed securities SBA securities Total 
 
 December 31, 2022 Due After Due After Due One Year Five Years Due Within Through Through After Security Type One Year Five Years Ten Years Ten Years Total (In thousands) Fair Value: Agency residential MBS U.S. Treasury securities Agency commercial MBS Agency residential CMOs Municipal securities Corporate debt securities Private label residential CMOs Collateralized loan obligations Private label commercial MBS Asset-backed securities SBA securities Total 
 CMBS, CMOs, and MBS have contractual maturity dates, but require periodic payments based upon scheduled amortization terms. Actual principal collections on these securities usually occur more rapidly than the scheduled amortization terms because of prepayments made by obligors of the underlying loan collateral. 
 127 

PACWEST BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 ) ) Agency commercial MBS ) Private label commercial MBS ) U.S. Treasury securities ) Corporate debt securities ) ) Total (1) 
 ) ) __________________________ 
 (1) million at December 31, 2022 which is recorded in "Other assets" on the consolidated balance shee ts. 
 As of December 31, 2022, securities held-to-maturity with a fair value of billion were pledged as collateral to the FHLB to increase borrowing capacity and for public deposits and letters of credit. 
 Allowance for Credit Losses on Securities Held-to-Maturity 
 Corporate debt securities Total 
 Credit losses on HTM securities are recorded at the time of purchase, acquisition, or when the Company designates securities as held-to-maturity. Credit losses on HTM securities are representative of current expected credit losses that may be incurred over the life of the investment. Accrued interest receivable on HTM securities, which is included in other assets on the consolidated balance sheets, is excluded from the estimate of expected credit losses. HTM U.S. treasury securities and agency-backed MBS securities are considered to have no risk of loss as they are either explicitly or implicitly guaranteed by the U.S. government. The change in fair value in the HTM private label CMBS portfolio is solely driven by changes in interest rates. The Company has no knowledge of any underlying credit issues and the cash flows underlying the debt securities have not changed and are not expected to be impacted by changes in interest rates and, thus, there is no related ACL for this portfolio. The underlying bonds in the Company s HTM municipal securities and HTM corporate debt securities portfolios are evaluated for credit losses in conjunction with management s estimate of the allowance for credit losses based primarily on credit ratings. 
 128 

PACWEST BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Agency commercial MBS Private label commercial MBS U.S. Treasury securities Corporate debt securities Total 
 Contractual Maturities of Securities Held-to-Maturity 
 Agency commercial MBS Private label commercial MBS U.S. Treasury securities Corporate debt securities Total Fair Value: Municipal securities Agency commercial MBS Private label commercial MBS U.S. Treasury securities Corporate debt securities Total 
 CMBS have contractual maturity dates, but require periodic payments based upon scheduled amortization terms. Actual principal collections on these securities usually occur more rapidly than the scheduled amortization terms because of prepayments made by obligors of the underlying loan collateral. 
 129 

PACWEST BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Bank was required to own FHLB stock equal to a percentage of outstanding FHLB advances. We evaluated the carrying value of our FHLB stock investment at December 31, 2022 and determined that it was not impaired. Our evaluation considered the long-term nature of the investment, the current financial and liquidity position of the FHLB, repurchase activity of excess stock by the FHLB at its carrying value, the return on the investment from recurring dividends, and our intent and ability to hold this investment for a period of time sufficient to recover our recorded investment. 
 Interest Income on Investment Securities 
 Non-taxable interest Dividend income Total interest income on investment securities 
 130 

PACWEST BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Real estate construction and land (1) 
 Commercial Consumer Total gross loans and leases held for investment Deferred fees, net ) ) Total loans and leases held for investment, net of deferred fees Allowance for loan and lease losses ) ) Total loans and leases held for investment, net (2) 
 
 ____________________ 
 (1) million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 (2) million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, which is recorded in "Other assets" on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 Residential Total real estate mortgage Real estate construction and land: Commercial Residential Total real estate construction and land Commercial: Asset-based Venture capital Other commercial Total commercial Consumer Total 
 131 

PACWEST BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Residential Total real estate mortgage Real estate construction and land: Commercial Residential Total real estate construction and land Commercial: Asset-based Venture capital Other commercial Total commercial Consumer Total 
 Residential Total real estate mortgage Real estate construction and land: Commercial Residential Total real estate construction and land Commercial: Asset-based Venture capital Other commercial Total commercial Consumer Total 
 The amount of interest income that would have been recorded on nonaccrual loans and leases at December 31, 2022 and 2021 had such loans and leases been current in accordance with their original terms was million and million for 2022 and 2021. 
 132 

PACWEST BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million of loans and leases 90 or more days past due, million of loans 30 to 89 days past due and million of current loans that were placed on nonaccrual status based on management s judgment regarding their collectability. At December 31, 2021, nonaccrual loans and leases included million of loans and leases 90 or more days past due, million of loans 30 to 89 days past due and million of current loans that were placed on nonaccrual status based on management s judgment regarding their collectability. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our three largest loan relationships on nonaccrual status had an aggregate carrying value of million and represented of total nonaccrual loans and leases. 
 Residential Total real estate mortgage Real estate construction and land: Commercial Residential Total real estate construction and land Commercial: Asset-based Venture capital Other commercial Total commercial Consumer Total 
 
 December 31, 2021 Classified Special Mention Pass Total (In thousands) Real estate mortgage: Commercial Residential Total real estate mortgage Real estate construction and land: Commercial Residential Total real estate construction and land Commercial: Asset-based Venture capital Other commercial Total commercial Consumer Total 
 
 133 

PACWEST BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Residential Real estate construction and land: Commercial Residential Commercial: Asset based Venture capital Other commercial Consumer With No Related Allowance Recorded: Real estate mortgage: Commercial Residential Real estate construction and land: Commercial Residential Commercial: Asset based Venture capital Other commercial Consumer Total Loans and Leases With and Without an Allowance Recorded: Real estate mortgage Real estate construction and land Commercial Consumer Total 

134 

PACWEST BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 3-4 Pass 5 Special mention 6-8 Classified Total Current YTD period: Gross charge-offs Real Estate Mortgage: Residential Internal risk rating: 1-2 High pass 3-4 Pass 5 Special mention 6-8 Classified Total Current YTD period: Gross charge-offs Real Estate Construction and Land: Commercial Internal risk rating: 1-2 High pass 3-4 Pass 5 Special mention 6-8 Classified Total Current YTD period: Gross charge-offs 
 ____________________ 
 (1) 
 135 

PACWEST BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 3-4 Pass 5 Special mention 6-8 Classified Total Current YTD period: Gross charge-offs Commercial: Asset-Based Internal risk rating: 1-2 High pass 3-4 Pass 5 Special mention 6-8 Classified Total Current YTD period: Gross charge-offs Commercial: Venture Capital Internal risk rating: 1-2 High pass 
 ) 3-4 Pass 5 Special mention 6-8 Classified Total Current YTD period: Gross charge-offs 
 ____________________ 
 (1) Amounts with negative balances are loans with zero principal balances and deferred loan origination fees. 
 136 

PACWEST BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 3-4 Pass 5 Special mention 6-8 Classified ) Total Current YTD period: Gross charge-offs Consumer Internal risk rating: 1-2 High pass 3-4 Pass 5 Special mention 6-8 Classified Total Current YTD period: Gross charge-offs Total Loans and Leases Internal risk rating: 1-2 High pass 3-4 Pass 5 Special mention 6-8 Classified Total Current YTD period: Gross charge-offs 
 ____________________ 
 (1) Amounts with negative balances are loans with zero principal balances and deferred loan origination fees. 
 137 

PACWEST BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 3-4 Pass 5 Special mention 6-8 Classified Total Current YTD period: Gross charge-offs Gross recoveries ) ) ) Net ) ) Real Estate Mortgage: Residential Internal risk rating: 1-2 High pass 3-4 Pass 5 Special mention 6-8 Classified Total Current YTD period: Gross charge-offs Gross recoveries ) ) ) ) Net ) ) ) Real Estate Construction and Land: Commercial Internal risk rating: 1-2 High pass 3-4 Pass 5 Special mention 6-8 Classified Total Current YTD period: Gross charge-offs Gross recoveries Net 
 ____________________ 
 (1) Amounts with negative balances are loans with zero principal balances and deferred loan origination fees. 
 138 

PACWEST BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 3-4 Pass 5 Special mention 6-8 Classified Total Current YTD period: Gross charge-offs Gross recoveries Net Commercial: Asset-Based Internal risk rating: 1-2 High pass 3-4 Pass 5 Special mention 6-8 Classified Total Current YTD period: Gross charge-offs Gross recoveries ) ) ) Net ) ) ) Commercial: Venture Capital Internal risk rating: 1-2 High pass 
 ) 3-4 Pass 5 Special mention ) 6-8 Classified ) Total Current YTD period: Gross charge-offs Gross recoveries ) ) ) ) ) Net ) ) ) 
 ____________________ 
 (1) Amounts with negative balances are loans with zero principal balances and deferred loan origination fees. 
 
 139 

PACWEST BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 ) 3-4 Pass 5 Special mention 6-8 Classified ) Total Current YTD period: Gross charge-offs Gross recoveries ) ) ) ) ) ) Net ) ) Consumer Internal risk rating: 1-2 High pass 3-4 Pass 5 Special mention 6-8 Classified Total Current YTD period: Gross charge-offs Gross recoveries ) ) ) ) ) Net ) Total Loans and Leases Internal risk rating: 1-2 High pass 3-4 Pass 5 Special mention 6-8 Classified Total Current YTD period: Gross charge-offs Gross recoveries ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Net ) ) 
 ______________________ 
 (1) Amounts with negative balances are loans with zero principal balances and deferred loan origination fees. 

140 

PACWEST BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Residential Real estate construction and land: Residential Commercial: Venture capital Other commercial Consumer Total Year Ended December 31, 2021 Real estate mortgage: Commercial Residential Real estate construction and land: Residential Commercial: Asset-based Venture capital Other commercial Consumer Total Year Ended December 31, 2020 Real estate mortgage: Commercial Residential Commercial: Asset-based Venture capital Other commercial Consumer Total 
 _________________________ 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had unfunded commitments related to TDRs of and million. 
 141 

PACWEST BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Unguaranteed residual assets Deferred costs and other Aggregate net investment in leases 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total undiscounted cash flows Less: Unearned income ) Present value of lease payments 
 142 

PACWEST BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries Net (charge-offs) recoveries ) ) ) ) Provision ) Balance, end of year Ending Allowance by Evaluation Methodology: Individually evaluated Collectively evaluated Ending Loans and Leases by 
 Evaluation Methodology: 
 Individually evaluated Collectively evaluated Ending balance 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Real Estate Real Estate Construction Mortgage and Land Commercial Consumer Total (In thousands) Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses: Balance, beginning of year Charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries Net recoveries (charge-offs) ) ) ) Provision ) ) ) ) Balance, end of year Ending Allowance by Evaluation Methodology: Individually evaluated Collectively evaluated Ending Loans and Leases by 
 Evaluation Methodology: 
 Individually evaluated Collectively evaluated Ending balance 
 143 

PACWEST BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million in 2022 due primarily to a provision for loan and lease losses of million, offset partially by million of net charge-offs. The provision for loan and lease losses in 2022 was driven by growth in loans and leases and a less favorable economic forecast offset partially by a decrease in qualitative reserves. For additional information regarding the calculation of the allowance for loan and lease losses using the CECL methodology, in cluding discussion of forecasts used to estimate the allowance, please see Note 1(j). Nature of Operations and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Allowance for Credit Losses on Loans and Leases Held for Investment. 
 We actively participated in both rounds of the Paycheck Protection Program ("PPP"), under the provisions of the CARES Act during 2020 and 2021, originating billion of such loans. As of December 31, 2022, PPP loans totaled million, net of deferred fees. The loans have two or five year terms, ar e fully guaranteed by the SBA, and do not carry an allowance. 
 A loan is considered collateral-dependent, and is individually evaluated for reserve purposes, when the borrower is experiencing financial difficulty and repayment is expected to be provided substantially through the operation or sale of the collateral. The following table summarizes collateral-dependent loans held for investment by collateral type as of the following date: 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Real Business Real Business Property Assets Total Property Assets Total (In thousands) Real estate mortgage Real estate construction and land Commercial Total 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 The allowance for credit losses is the combination of the allowance for loan and lease losses and the reserve for unfunded loan commitments. The reserve for unfunded loan commitments is included within "Accrued interest payable and other liabilities" on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 Charge-offs ) ) Recoveries Net charge-offs ) ) Provision Balance, end of year 
 
 144 

PACWEST BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Charge-offs ) ) Recoveries Net recoveries Provision ) ) ) Balance, end of year 
 
 Single-family residence Total other real estate owned, net Other foreclosed assets Total foreclosed assets, net 
 Transfers to foreclosed assets from loans Provision for losses ) ) ) Reductions related to sales ) ) ) Balance, end of year 
 Provision for losses Reductions related to sales ) Balance, end of year 
 145 

PACWEST BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Buildings Furniture, fixtures and equipment Leasehold improvements Other assets Premises and equipment, gross Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Premises and equipment, net 
 Depreciation and amortization expense was million , million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 
 million at the Civic reporting unit in the fourth quarter of 2022 as the estimated fair value of the reporting unit was less than the carrying value. This was a non-cash charge to earnings and had no impact on our regulatory capital ratios, cash flows, or liquidity position. 
 We performed our annual goodwill impairment testing in the fourth quarter of 2021. We evaluated the carrying value of goodwill for our one reportable segment and determined that it was not impaired. 
 
 Addition from the Civic acquisition Addition from the HOA Business acquisition Balance, December 31, 2021 Impairment - Civic ) Balance, December 31, 2022 

146 

PACWEST BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Addition from the Civic acquisition Addition from the HOA Business acquisition Fully amortized portion ) ) ) Balance, end of year Accumulated Amortization: Balance, beginning of year ) ) ) Amortization expense ) ) ) Fully amortized portion Balance, end of year ) ) ) Net CDI and CRI, end of year 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Net CDI and CRI 
 147 

PACWEST BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 NOTE 9. 
 Deferred tax asset, net (1) 
 Cash surrender value of BOLI Interest receivable Operating lease ROU assets, net (2) 
 Taxes receivable Equity investments without readily determinable fair values SBIC investments Prepaid expenses Equity warrants (3) 
 Equity investments with readily determinable fair values Other receivables/assets Total other assets 
 ____________________ 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 (3) 
 The Company invests as a limited partner in LIHTC partnerships that operate qualified affordable housing projects and generate tax benefits for investors, including federal low income housing tax credits. The partnerships are deemed to be VIEs because they do not have sufficient equity investment at risk and are structured with non-substantive voting rights; however, we are not the primary beneficiary of the VIEs and do not consolidate them. We amortize the investment in proportion to the allocated tax benefits using the proportional amortization method of accounting and record such benefits net of investment amortization in income tax expense. 
 The Company has purchased life insurance policies on certain employees and has also acquired life insurance policies through acquisitions. BOLI is recorded at the amount that can be realized under the insurance contract, which is the cash surrender value. The increase in the cash surrender value each period and the receipt of death benefit proceeds in excess of the cash surrender value are recorded to " Noninterest income - other." 
 The Company's equity investments without readily determinable fair values include investments in privately held companies, limited partnerships, entities from which we issued trust preferred securities, CRA-related loan pool investments, and CRA-related equity investments. The CRA-related loan pool and equity investments primarily consist of investments in partnerships which provide affordable housing and participations in loan pools which provide low-cost loans to low and moderate income applicants. We measure our equity investments without readily determinable fair values using the measurement alternative. Carrying values of these investments are adjusted to fair value upon observable transactions for identical or similar investments of the same issuer. Unrealized and realized gains and losses on equity investments without readily determinable fair values are recorded in "Noninterest income - other" on the consolidated statements of earnings (loss). 
 The Company's equity investments with readily determinable fair values include investments in public companies, often from the exercise of warrants, and publicly-traded mutual funds. Unrealized and realized gains and losses on equity investments with readily determinable fair values are recorded in "Noninterest income - other" on the consolidated statements of earnings (loss). 
 148 

PACWEST BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 . The exercise of lease renewal options is at our sole discretion. Some of our leases also include termination options. We have determined that we do not meet the reasonably certain threshold to exercise any renewal or termination options, therefore our lease terms do not reflect any optional periods. We rent or sublease certain office space to third parties. Our subleases consist of operating leases for offices that we have fully or partially vacated. 
 Certain of our lease agreements also include rental payments that adjust periodically based on changes in the CPI. We initially measured our lease payments using the index at the lease commencement date. Subsequent increases in the CPI are treated as variable lease payments and recognized in the period in which the obligation for those payments is incurred. The ROU assets and lease liabilities are not re-measured as a result of changes in the CPI. Our lease agreements do not contain any purchase options, residual value guarantees, or restrictive covenants. 
 Operating Leases as a Lessee 
 Our lease expense is a component of "Occupancy expense" on our consolidated statements of earnings (loss). 
 Variable costs Short-term lease costs Sublease income ) ) ) Net lease expense 
 The following table presents supplemental cash flow information related to leases for the years indicated: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (In thousands) Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities: Operating cash flows from operating leases ROU assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations: Operating leases 

149 

PACWEST BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Operating lease liabilities Weighted average remaining lease term (in years) Weighted average discount rate 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total operating lease liabilities Less: Imputed interest ) Present value of operating lease liabilities 
 Operating Leases as a Lessor 
 We provide equipment financing to our customers through operating leases where we facilitate the purchase of equipment leased to our customers. The equipment is shown on our consolidated balance sheets as "Equipment leased to others under operating leases" and is depreciated to its estimated residual value at the end of the lease term, shown as "Leased equipment depreciation" in the consolidated statements of earnings (loss), according to our fixed asset accounting policy. We receive periodic rental income payments under the leases, which are recorded as "Leased equipment income" in the consolidated statements of earnings (loss). The equipment is tested periodically for impairment. impairment was recorded on "Equipment leased to others under operating leases" for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total undiscounted cash flows 
 150 

PACWEST BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Money market Savings Time deposits 250,000 and under Time deposits over 250,000 Total interest-bearing deposits 
 Brokered time deposits totaled billion and 195.7 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021. Brokered non-maturity deposits totaled billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 151 

PACWEST BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 FHLB unsecured overnight advance AFX borrowings Credit-linked notes Total borrowings 
 The Bank has established secured and unsecured lines of credit under which it may borrow funds from time to time on a term or overnight basis from the FHLB, the FRBSF, and other financial institutions. 
 FHLB Secured Line of Credit. The Bank had secured financing capacity with the FHLB of billion as of December 31, 2022, collateralized by a blanket lien on billion of qualifying loans and 2.1 billion of securities. 
 1/3/2023 - Term advance 1/23/2023 - Term advance 2/14/2023 - Total FHLB secured advances 
 FRBSF Secured Line of Credit. The Bank has a secured line of credit with the FRBSF. As of December 31, 2022, the Bank had secured borrowing capacity of billion collateralized by liens covering billion of qualifying loans. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were balances outstanding. 
 FHLB Unsecured Line of Credit. The Bank has a million unsecured line of credit with the FHLB for the purchase of overnight funds, of which there was a million balance outstanding at December 31, 2022 and balance outstanding at December 31, 2021. 
 Federal Funds Arrangements with Commercial Banks. As of December 31, 2022, the Bank had unsecured lines of credit of million in the aggregate with several correspondent banks for the purchase of overnight funds, subject to availability of funds. These lines are renewable annually and have unused commitment fees. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were balances outstanding. The Bank is a member of the AFX, through which it may either borrow or lend funds on an overnight or short-term basis with a group of pre-approved commercial banks. The availability of funds changes daily. As of December 31, 2022, the balance outstanding was million, which consisted of 250.0 million in overnight borrowings. As of December 31, 2021, there was balance outstanding. 
 152 

PACWEST BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million with net proceeds of approximately million and are due June 27, 2052. The notes are linked to the credit risk of an approximately billion reference pool of previously purchased single-family residential mortgage loans. Principal payments on the notes are based only on scheduled and unscheduled principal that is actually collected on these loans. The notes were issued in five classes with a blended rate on the notes of SOFR plus . The transaction results in a lower risk-weighting on the reference pool of loans for regulatory capital purposes. The credit-linked notes are reported at fair value of million at December 31, 2022. See Note 3. Restricted Cash for information regarding the collateral for the notes and Note 15. Fair Value Option for additional information. 
 Subordinated Debt 
 4/30/2021 5/1/2031 Fixed rate (3) 
 Trust V 8/15/2003 9/17/2033 3-month LIBOR + 
 Trust VI 9/3/2003 9/15/2033 3-month LIBOR + 
 Trust CII 9/17/2003 9/17/2033 3-month LIBOR + 
 Trust VII 2/5/2004 4/23/2034 3-month LIBOR + 
 Trust CIII 8/15/2005 9/15/2035 3-month LIBOR + 
 Trust FCCI 1/25/2007 3/15/2037 3-month LIBOR + 
 Trust FCBI 9/30/2005 12/15/2035 3-month LIBOR + 
 Trust CS 2005-1 11/21/2005 12/15/2035 3-month LIBOR + 
 Trust CS 2005-2 12/14/2005 1/30/2036 3-month LIBOR + 
 Trust CS 2006-1 2/22/2006 4/30/2036 3-month LIBOR + 
 Trust CS 2006-2 9/27/2006 10/30/2036 3-month LIBOR + 
 Trust CS 2006-3 (4) 
 9/29/2006 10/30/2036 3-month EURIBOR + 
 Trust CS 2006-4 12/5/2006 1/30/2037 3-month LIBOR + 
 Trust CS 2006-5 12/19/2006 1/30/2037 3-month LIBOR + 
 Trust CS 2007-2 6/13/2007 7/30/2037 3-month LIBOR + 
 Total subordinated debt Acquisition discount (5) 
 ) ) Net subordinated debt 
 ___________________ 
 (1) Rates do not include the effects of discounts and issuance costs. 
 (2) Net of unamortized issuance costs of million. 
 (3) Interest rate is fixed until May 1, 2026, when it changes to a floating rate and resets quarterly at a benchmark rate plus basis points. 
 (4) Denomination is in Euros with a value of million. 
 (5) Amount represents the fair value adjustment on trust preferred securities assumed in acquisitions. 
 (6) Interest rate will default to the last published or determined rate of LIBOR, and for Trust CS 2006-4, the Base Rate, defined as the greater of Prime and the federal funds rate, upon cessation of LIBOR and effectively converting these instruments to fixed rate, if not modified prior to June 30, 2023. 

153 

PACWEST BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 NOTE 13 . 
 Foreign exchange contracts Interest rate and economic contracts Equity warrant assets Total Derivative Liabilities: Interest rate contracts Foreign exchange contracts Total 
 For further information regarding our derivatives, see Note 1. Nature of Operations and Summary of Significant 
 Accounting Policies. 
 
 Standby letters of credit Total 
 The Company is a party to financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk in the normal course of business to meet the financing needs of its customers. These financial instruments include commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit. Those instruments involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit risk in excess of the amount recognized in the consolidated balance sheets. The contract or notional amounts of those instruments reflect the extent of involvement that the Company has in particular classes of financial instruments. 
 154 

PACWEST BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. 
 Standby letters of credit are conditional commitments issued by the Company to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. We provide standby letters of credit in conjunction with several of our lending arrangements and property lease obligations. Most guarantees expire within one year from the date of issuance. If a borrower defaults on its commitments subject to any letter of credit issued under these arrangements, we would be required to meet the borrower's financial obligation but would seek repayment of that financial obligation from the borrower. In some cases, borrowers have pledged cash and investment securities as collateral under these arrangements. 
 Additionally, we have commitments to invest in SBICs that call for capital contributions up to an amount specified in the partnership agreements, and in CRA-related loan pools. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, such commitments totaled million and million. 
 2024 Total 
 Legal Matters 
 In the ordinary course of our business, we are party to various legal actions, which we believe are incidental to the operation of our business. The outcome of such legal actions and the timing of ultimate resolution are inherently difficult to predict. In the opinion of management, based upon information currently available to us, any resulting liability, in addition to amounts already accrued, and taking into consideration insurance which may be applicable, would not have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial statements or operations. The range of any reasonably possible liabilities is also not significant. 
 
 NOTE 15. 
 billion reference pool of previously purchased single-family residential mortgage loans. The principal balance of the credit-linked notes was million at December 31, 2022. The carrying value of the credit-linked notes at December 31, 2022 was million, which approximated the fair value. The changes in fair value are reported in "Noninterest income" in the consolidated statements of earnings. 
 155 

PACWEST BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Aggregate unpaid principal balance less than fair value 
 
 million. 
 156 

PACWEST BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 U.S. Treasury securities Agency commercial MBS Agency residential CMOs Municipal securities Corporate debt securities Private label residential CMOs Collateralized loan obligations Private label commercial MBS Asset-backed securities SBA securities Total securities available-for-sale Equity investments with readily determinable fair values Derivatives (1) : 
 Equity warrants Interest rate and economic contracts Derivative liabilities Credit-linked notes 
 
 Fair Value Measurements as of December 31, 2021 Measured on a Recurring Basis Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 (In thousands) Securities available for sale: Agency residential MBS Municipal securities Agency commercial MBS Agency residential CMOs U.S. Treasury securities Corporate debt securities Private label commercial MBS Collateralized loan obligations Private label residential CMOs Asset-backed securities SBA securities Total securities available-for-sale Equity investments with readily determinable fair values Derivatives (1) : 
 Equity warrants Interest rate and economic contracts Derivative liabilities 
 ____________________ 
 (1) For information regarding derivative instruments, see Not e 13. Derivatives . 
 157 

PACWEST BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 t r ansfer from Level 3 equity warrants to Level 1 equity investments with readily determinable fair values measured on a recurring basis. During the year ended December 31, 2021, there was a transfer from Level 3 equity warrants to Level 1 equity investments with readily determinable fair values measured on a recurring basis. 
 - 
 Risk-free interest rate - 
 Remaining life assumption (in years) - 
 __________________ 
 (1) Unobservable inputs for equity warrants were weighted by the relative fair values of the instruments. 
 Total included in earnings Total unrealized loss in comprehensive income ) ) Sales ) Net settlements ) ) Balance, end of year 
 Total included in earnings ) ) Total unrealized gain (loss) in comprehensive income ) ) ) Transfers to Level 2 ) Purchases Net settlements ) ) ) Balance, end of year Unrealized net gains (losses) for the period included in other comprehensive income for securities held at year-end 
 158 

PACWEST BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Total included in earnings Exercises and settlements (1) 
 ) ) ) Issuances Transfers to Level 1 (equity investments with readily determinable fair values) ) ) ) Balance, end of year 
 ______________________ 
 
 Total included in earnings Issuances Principal payments ) Balance, end of period 
 OREO Total non-recurring 
 
 Fair Value Measurement as of December 31, 2021 Measured on a Non Recurring Basis Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 (In thousands) Individually evaluated loans and leases Total non-recurring 
 159 

PACWEST BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 OREO Total net loss 
 Discounted cash flows Discount rates - 
 Individually evaluated loans and leases Third party appraisals No discounts Total non-recurring Level 3 
 ASC Topic 825, Financial Instruments , requires disclosure of the estimated fair value of certain financial instruments and the methods and significant assumptions used to estimate such fair values. Additionally, certain financial instruments and all nonfinancial instruments are excluded from the applicable disclosure requirements. 
 160 

PACWEST BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Interest earning deposits in financial institutions Securities available for sale Securities held-to-maturity Investment in FHLB stock Loans held for sale Loans and leases held for investment, net Equity investments with readily determinable fair values Equity warrants Interest rate and economic contracts Servicing rights Financial Liabilities: Core deposits Wholesale non-maturity deposits Time deposits Borrowings Subordinated debt Derivative liabilities 
 
 December 31, 2021 Carrying 
 Estimated Fair Value Amount Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 In thousands 
 Financial Assets: Cash and due from banks Interest earning deposits in financial institutions Securities available for sale Investment in FHLB stock Loans and leases held for investment, net Equity investments with readily determinable fair values Equity warrants Interest rate and economic contracts Servicing rights 1,228 1,228 1,228 Financial Liabilities: Core deposits Wholesale non-maturity deposits Time deposits Subordinated debt Derivative liabilities 
 161 

PACWEST BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 162 

PACWEST BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 163 

PACWEST BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE 17. INCOME TAXES 
 State Total current tax expense Deferred Tax Expense (Benefit): Federal ) State ) ) Total deferred tax expense (benefit) ) Total income tax expense 
 164 

PACWEST BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 for 2022, 2021, and 2020 to earnings before income taxes: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (In thousands) Computed expected income tax (benefit) expense at federal statutory rate ) State tax expense (benefit), net of federal tax benefit ) Goodwill impairment Tax exempt interest benefit ) ) ) Increase in cash surrender value of life insurance ) ) ) Low income housing tax credits, net of amortization ) ) ) Nondeductible employee compensation Nondeductible FDIC premiums Change in unrecognized tax benefits ) ) ) Valuation allowance change ) ) State tax refunds ) State rate and apportionment changes ) Other, net ) Recorded income tax expense 
 The Company recognized million , million, and million of tax credits and other tax benefits associated with its investments in LIHTC partnerships for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. The amount of amortization of such investments reported in income tax expense under the proportional amortization method of accounting was million f or 2022, million for 2021, and million for 2020. 
 At December 31, 2022, w e had federal net operating loss carryforwards and approximately million of unused state net operating loss carryforwards available to be applied against future taxable income. A majority of the state net operating loss carryforwards will expire in varying amounts from 2023 through 2037. A portion of the state net operating loss carryforwards generated after December 31, 2017 will carry forward indefinitely due to the state conformity to the federal net operating loss carryforward provisions as modified by the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. 
 As of December 31, 2022, for federal tax purposes, we had foreign tax credit carryforwards. The foreign tax credit carryforward was fully utilized in 2021. 
 165 

PACWEST BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Interest on nonaccrual loans Deferred compensation Foreclosed assets valuation allowance State tax benefit Net operating losses Accrued liabilities Unrealized loss from FDIC assisted acquisitions Unrealized loss on securities available-for-sale Unrealized loss on securities held-to-maturity Tax mark-to-market on loans Equity investments Lease liability Core deposit and customer relationship intangibles Other Gross deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance Deferred Tax Liabilities: Core deposit and customer relationship intangibles Deferred loan fees and costs Unrealized gain on securities available for sale Premises and equipment, principally due to differences in depreciation FHLB stock Tax mark-to-market on loans Subordinated debt Equity investments Goodwill Operating leases ROU assets Other Gross deferred tax liabilities Total net deferred tax assets (liabilities) ) 
 Based upon our taxpaying history and estimates of taxable income over the years in which the items giving rise to the deferred tax assets are deductible, management believes it is more likely than not the Company will realize the benefits of these deferred tax assets. The Company has net deferred tax assets at December 31, 2022, compared to net deferred tax liabilities at December 31, 2021. This was primarily due to the unrealized losses on securities in 2022, and the Company has the ability to hold the securities to maturity and realize the benefits of these deferred tax assets. 
 166 

PACWEST BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 The Company had net income taxes receivable of million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. Of the increase in income taxes receivable at December 31, 2022, approximately 37.3 million were solar investment tax credits that became available to the Company in the tax year 2022. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had a valuation allowance of million and million against DTAs. Periodic reviews of the carrying amount of DTAs are made to determine if a valuation allowance is necessary. A valuation allowance is required, based on available evidence, when it is more likely than not that all or a portion of a DTA will not be realized due to the inability to generate sufficient taxable income in the period and/or of the character necessary to utilize the benefit of the DTA. All available evidence, both positive and negative, that may affect the realizability of the DTA is identified and considered in determining the appropriate amount of the valuation allowance. It is more likely than not that these deferred tax assets subject to a valuation allowance will not be realized primarily due to their character and/or the expiration of the carryforward periods. 
 The net increase of million in the total valuation allowance during the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily related to state DTAs that are not expected to be utilized. 
 Reductions for tax positions related to prior years ) Reductions for tax positions as a result of a lapse of the applicable statute of limitations ) ) Balance, end of year Unrecognized tax benefits that would affect the effective tax rate if recognized 
 Our gross unrecognized tax benefits are not expected to decrease within the next 12 months. 
 We recognize interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of income tax expense. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we reduced our accrual for interest expense and penalties, and recognized tax benefits of million for 2022, million for 2021, and million for 2020. We had million and million accrued for the payment of interest and penalties as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 We file federal and state income tax returns with the Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") and various state and local jurisdictions and generally remain subject to examinations by these tax jurisdictions for tax years 2018 through 2021. We are currently under examination by certain state jurisdictions for tax years 2015 through 2018. 
 167 

PACWEST BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 ) Less: Preferred stock dividends ) Net earnings available to common stockholders ) Less: earnings allocated to unvested restricted stock (1) 
 ) ) ) Net earnings (loss) allocated to common shares ) Weighted-average basic shares and unvested restricted stock outstanding Less: weighted-average unvested restricted stock outstanding ) ) ) Weighted-average basic shares outstanding Basic earnings (loss) per share ) Diluted Earnings (Loss) Per Share: Net earnings (loss) allocated to common shares ) Weighted-average diluted shares outstanding Diluted earnings (loss) per share ) 
 ________________________ 
 (1) . 
 168 

PACWEST BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 NOTE 19. 
 169 

PACWEST BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Noninterest Income: Other commissions and fees Leased equipment income Service charges on deposit accounts Gain on sale of loans (Loss) gain on sale of securities ) Dividends and (losses) gains on equity investments ) Warrant income Other income Total noninterest income Total Revenue 
 Products and services transferred over time Total revenue from contracts with customers 
 Contract Balances 
 Contract assets, which are included in "Other assets" Contract liabilities, which are included in "Accrued interest payable and other liabilities" 
 . 

170 

PACWEST BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 shares. As of December 31, 2022, there wer e s hares available for grant under the Amended and Restated 2017 Plan. 
 Restricted Stock 
 Restricted stock amortization totale d million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. Such amounts are included in compensation expense on the accompanying consolidated statements of earnings (loss) and exclude , , and of stock-based compensation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 related to our directors, which is included in other expense on the accompanying consolidated statement of earnings (loss). The income tax benefit recognized in the consolidated statements of earnings (loss) related to this expense was million , million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. The amount of unrecognized compensation expense related to all unvested TRSAs and PRSUs as of December 31, 2022 total ed million . Such expense is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years . 
 Granted Vested Forfeited Unvested restricted stock, end of year 
 The table above excludes of immediately vested shares awarded to our directors at a weighted average price of . 
 Time-Based Restricted Stock Awards 
 At December 31, 2022, there were shares of unvested TRSAs outstanding pursuant to the Amended and Restated 2017 Plan. The TRSAs generally vest over a service period of three or from the date of the grant or immediately upon death of an employee. Compensation expense related to TRSAs is based on the fair value of the underlying stock on the award date and is recognized over the vesting period using the straight line method. 
 TRSA grants are subject to "double-trigger" vesting in the event of a change in control of the Company, as defined in the Amended and Restated 2017 Plan, and in the event an employee's employment is terminated within 24 months after the change in control by the Company without Cause or by the employee for Good Reason, as defined in the Amended and Restated 2017 Plan, such awards will vest. 
 The weighted average grant date fair value per share of TRSAs granted during 2022, 2021, and 2020 were , , and . The vesting date fair value of TRSAs that vested during 2022, 2021, and 2020 we re million , million, and million. 
 171 

PACWEST BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 units of unvested PRSUs that have been granted. The PRSUs will vest only if performance goals with respect to certain financial metrics are met over a performance period. The PRSUs are not considered issued and outstanding until they vest. PRSUs are granted and initially expensed based on a target number. The number of shares that will ultimately vest based on actual performance will range from to a maximum of either or of target. 
 Compensation expense related to PRSUs is based on the fair value of the underlying stock on the award date and is amortized over the vesting period using the straight-line method unless it is determined that: (1) attainment of the financial metrics is less than probable, in which case a portion of the amortization is suspended, or (2) attainment of the financial metrics is improbable, in which case a portion of the previously recognized amortization is reversed and also suspended. If it is determined that attainment of a financial measure higher than target is probable, the amortization will increase up to or of the target amortization amount. Annual PRSU expense may vary during the performance period based upon changes in management's estimate of the number of shares that may ultimately vest. In the case where the performance target for the PRSU s is based on a market condition (such as total shareholder return), the amortization is neither reversed nor suspended if it is subsequently determined that the attainment of the performance target is less than probable or improbable and the employee continues to meet the service requirement of the award. 
 Upon a change in control, each PRSU will (i) be deemed earned at the target level with respect to all open performance periods if the change in control occurs within six months after the grant date, and (ii) be deemed earned at the actual performance level as of the date of the change in control if a change in control occurs more than six months after the grant date, and in both cases, the PRSU will cease to be subject to any further performance conditions, but will be subject to time-based service vesting following the change in control in accordance with the original performance period. 
 , and . The vesting date fair value of PRSUs that vested during 2022 and 2021 was million , million, and million. 
 
 hours and are at least years of age. Eligible participants may contribute up to of their annual compensation, not to exceed the dollar limit imposed by the Internal Revenue Code. Employer contributions are determined annually by the Board of Directors in accordance with plan requirements and applicable tax code. Plan participants are immediately vested in matching contributions received from the Company. During 2021, the Company matched of the first contributed by plan participants. Effective January 1, 2022, the Company matched of the first contributed by plan participants. Expense related to 401(k) employer matching contributions was million , million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 172 

PACWEST BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Number of shares surrendered Weighted average price per share 
 Stock Repurchase Programs 
 The Stock Repurchase Program was initially authorized by PacWest's Board of Directors on October 17, 2016. On February 15, 2022, PacWest's Board of Directors authorized a new Stock Repurchase Program to purchase shares of its common stock for an aggregate purchase price not to exceed 100 million, effective March 1, 2022. No shares were repurchased under the new Stock Repurchase Program prior to expiration on February 28, 2023. 
 Number of shares repurchased Weighted average price per share 
 Preferred Stock Issuance 
 On June 6, 2022, the Company issued and sold depositary shares (the Depositary Shares ), each representing a 1/40th ownership interest in a share of the Company s fixed rate reset non-cumulative, non-convertible, perpetual preferred stock, Series A, par value per share (the Series A preferred stock ), with a liquidation preference of per share of Series A preferred stock (equivalent to per Depositary Share). The Series A preferred stock qualifies as Tier 1 capital for purposes of regulatory capital calculations. The gross proceeds were 513.3 million while net proceeds from the issuance of the Series A preferred stock, after deducting million of offering costs including the underwriting discount and other expenses, were million . 
 Holders of the Depositary Shares will be entitled to all proportional rights and preferences of the Series A preferred stock (including dividend, voting, redemption, and liquidation rights). 
 173 

PACWEST BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

174 

PACWEST BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million during the three fiscal years of 2022, 2021, and 2020, compared to dividends of million paid by the Bank during that same period. During 2022, PacWest received million in dividends from the Bank. Since the Bank had an accumulated deficit of million at December 31, 2022, for the foreseeable future, dividends from the Bank to PacWest will continue to require DFPI and FDIC approval. 
 PacWest, as a bank holding company, is subject to regulation by the FRB under the BHCA. The FDICIA required that the federal regulatory agencies adopt regulations defining capital tiers for banks: well capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized and critically undercapitalized. Failure to meet minimum capital requirements can initiate certain mandatory and possibly additional discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have a direct material effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. Under capital adequacy guidelines and the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action, the Company and the Bank must meet specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative measures of the Company s and the Bank s assets, liabilities and certain off balance sheet items as calculated under regulatory accounting practices. The capital amounts and classification are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators about components, risk weightings and other factors. 
 Quantitative measures established by regulation to ensure capital adequacy require the Company and the Bank to maintain minimum amounts and ratios of common equity Tier 1, Tier 1, and total capital to risk weighted assets ("total capital ratio"), and of Tier I capital to average assets, adjusted for goodwill and other non-qualifying intangible assets and other assets leverage ratio ). Common equity Tier 1 capital includes common stockholders equity less goodwill and certain other deductions (including a portion of servicing assets and the after tax unrealized net gains and losses on securities available for sale). Tier 1 capital includes common equity Tier 1 plus additional Tier 1 capital instruments meeting certain requirements. Total capital includes Tier 1 capital and other items such as subordinated debt and the allowance for credit losses. All three measures are stated as a percentage of risk weighted assets, which are measured based on their perceived credit risk and include certain off balance sheet exposures, such as unfunded loan commitments and letters of credit. 
 
 175 

PACWEST BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 8.61 5.00 N/A Pacific Western Bank 8.39 5.00 N/A CET1 capital (to risk-weighted assets): PacWest Bancorp Consolidated 8.70 6.50 7.00 Pacific Western Bank 10.32 6.50 7.00 Tier I capital (to risk-weighted assets) PacWest Bancorp Consolidated 10.61 8.00 8.50 Pacific Western Bank 10.32 8.00 8.50 Total capital (to risk-weighted assets): PacWest Bancorp Consolidated 13.61 10.00 10.50 Pacific Western Bank 12.34 10.00 10.50 
 176 

PACWEST BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 6.84 N/A Pacific Western Bank 7.00 N/A CET1 capital (to risk-weighted assets): PacWest Bancorp Consolidated 8.86 7.00 Pacific Western Bank 9.56 7.00 Tier I capital (to risk-weighted assets) PacWest Bancorp Consolidated 9.32 8.50 Pacific Western Bank 9.56 8.50 Total capital (to risk-weighted assets): PacWest Bancorp Consolidated 12.69 10.50 Pacific Western Bank 11.80 10.50 
 We issued or assumed through mergers subordinated debt to trusts that were established by us or entities we acquired, which, in turn, issued trust preferred securities. On April 30, 2021, the Bank completed the sale of million aggregate principal amount of Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Notes due May 1, 2031. 
 The carrying value of subordinated debt totaled million at December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2022, million of the trust preferred securities were included in the Company's Tier I capital under the phase-out limitations of Basel III, and million was included in Tier II capital. 
 Interest payments on subordinated debt are considered dividend payments under the FRB regulations and subject to the same notification requirements for declaring and paying dividends on common stock. 
 177 

PACWEST BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Investments in subsidiaries Other assets Total assets Liabilities: Subordinated debt Other liabilities Total liabilities Stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity Dividends from Bank subsidiary Total income Interest expense Operating expenses Total expenses Earnings before income taxes and equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiaries Income tax benefit (expense) ) ) Earnings before equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiaries Equity in (distributions in excess of) undistributed earnings or loss of subsidiaries ) Net earnings (loss) ) Preferred stock dividends Net earnings (loss) available to common stockholders ) 

178 

PACWEST BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 ) Adjustments to reconcile net earnings (loss) to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities: Change in other assets ) ) ) Change in liabilities ) Earned stock compensation (Equity in) distributions in excess of undistributed earnings or loss of subsidiaries ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities ) Cash flows from investing activities: Net cash used in investing activities Cash flows from financing activities: Common stock repurchased and restricted stock surrendered ) ) ) Net proceeds from preferred stock offering Preferred stock dividends paid ) Common stock dividends paid ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) ) Net increase in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 
 
 NOTE 25. 
 179 

PACWEST BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 3,313,538 Allowance for loan and lease losses ) ) ) Total loans and leases, net Goodwill Core deposit and customer relationship intangibles, net Total assets (1) 
 ) Total deposits (2) 
 ) 
 ____________________ 
 (1) The negative balance for total assets in the Other segment represents the elimination of inter-segment receivables. 
 (2) The negative balance for total deposits in the Other segment represents the elimination of holding company cash held in deposit accounts at the Bank. 
 The following is a summary of operating segment balance sheet information as of the date indicated: 
 December 31, 2021 Commercial Consolidated Balance Sheet Data: Banking Civic Other Company (In thousands) Loans and leases, net of unearned income 1,378,659 Allowance for loan and lease losses ) ) ) Total loans and leases, net Goodwill Core deposit and customer relationship intangibles, net Total assets (1) 
 ) Total deposits (2) 
 ) 
 ____________________ 
 (1) The negative balance for total assets in the Other segment represents the elimination of inter-segment receivables. 
 (2) The negative balance for total deposits in the Other segment represents the elimination of holding company cash held in deposit accounts at the Bank. 
 180 

PACWEST BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Provision for credit losses (11,142) ) ) Net interest income after provision for credit losses Noninterest income Noninterest expense Earnings (loss) before income taxes ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) Net earnings (loss) 428,556 (4,943) 
 The following is a summary of operating segment income statement information for the year indicated: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Commercial Consolidated Results of Operations: Banking Civic Other Company (In thousands) Net interest income Provision for credit losses 168,864 ) Net interest income after provision for credit losses Noninterest income Noninterest expense Earnings (loss) before income taxes ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) Net earnings (loss) 617,305 (10,346) 
 
 million in unpaid principal balances of single-family residential mortgage loans from a privately owned non-affiliated bank holding company. In addition, the Company entered into a subservicing agreement with the bank holding company pursuant to which it would service the purchased loans on an ongoing basis and the Company could outsource servicing of loans purchased from third parties to it. The Company s former Chairman of the Board of Directors and now Lead Director (the "former Chairman") is a director of the non-affiliated bank holding company. 
 On December 30, 2021, the Company purchased in a private placement depository shares each representing an ownership interest in a share of non-voting Fixed-Rate, Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock of the same bank holding company for the purchase price of per depository share for a total of million for investment purposes. 
 In the normal course of business, the Bank purchases corporate securities for investment purposes. At December 31, 2022, the following security was in our securities portfolio and issued by a non-affiliated bank holding company of which the former Chairman is a managing member of funds that own greater than 5 of the non-affiliated bank holding company's common stock: one subordinated debt security with a par value of million. 
 The transactions described above were approved by the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors in accordance with our related party transactions policy. 
 181 

PACWEST BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 per common share. The cash dividend is payable on February 28, 2023 to stockholders of record at the close of business on February 15, 2023. 
 Preferred Stock Dividend 
 On February 1, 2023, the Company announced that the Board of Directors had declared a quarterly cash dividend of per Depositary Share. The cash dividend is payable on March 1, 2023 to stockholders of record at the close of business on February 15, 2023. 
 We have evaluated events that have occurred subsequent to December 31, 2022 and have concluded there are no subsequent events that would require recognition in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 182 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 (a) Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures. Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have evaluated our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022 and have concluded that these disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. These disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 (b) Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rules 13a 15(f). Our management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation under the framework in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) , our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. See "Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting" set forth in Part II, Item 8 for additional information regarding management's evaluation. 
 (c) Report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. KPMG LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has audited the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10 K and, as part of their audit, has issued their report, included herein, on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. 
 (d) Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fourth quarter of 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 
 183 

PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 Information required by this Item regarding the Company s directors and executive officers, and corporate governance, including information with respect to Section 16(a) reporting compliance, will appear in the Proxy Statement we will deliver to our stockholders in connection with our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Such information is incorporated herein by reference. Information relating to the registrant s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to its employees, including its senior financial officers, is included in Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10 K under Available Information. 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The information required by this Item will appear in the Proxy Statement we will deliver to our stockholders in connection with our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Such information is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The information required by this Item regarding security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management will appear in the Proxy Statement we will deliver to our stockholders in connection with our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Such information is incorporated herein by reference. Information relating to securities authorized for issuance under the Company s equity compensation plans is included in Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10 K under Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required by this Item will appear in the Proxy Statement we will deliver to our stockholders in connection with our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Such information is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm is , , Auditor Firm ID: . 
 The information required by this Item will appear in the Proxy Statement we will deliver to our stockholders in connection with our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Such information is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a) 1. Financial Statements 
 The consolidated financial statements of PacWest Bancorp and its subsidiaries and independent auditors report are included in Item 8 under Part II of this Form 10 K. 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules 
 All financial statement schedules have been omitted, as they are either inapplicable or included in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 184 

3. Exhibits 
 The following documents are included or incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10 K: 
 3.1 Certificate of Incorporation of PacWest Bancorp, as amended as of June 5, 2014 Ex hibit 3.1 to Form 10-K filed on February 2 8 , 2022 and incorporated her ein by this reference) . 
 3.2 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of PacWest Bancorp, dated October 25, 2019 Exhibit 3.2 to Form 10-K filed on February 28, 2022 and incorporated herein by this reference ). 
 3.3 Certificate of Designation for the 7.75 fixed rate reset non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock, Series A, effective June 3, 2022 (Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K filed on June 6, 2022 and incorporated herein by this reference). 
 4.1 Other long term borrowing instruments are omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(4)(iii) of Regulation S K. The Company undertakes to furnish copies of such instruments to the Commission upon request. 4.2 Deposit Agreement, dated June 6, 2022, by and among PacWest Bancorp, Equiniti Trust Company, and the holders from time to time of Depositary Shares described therein (Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-K filed on June 6, 2022 and incorporated herein by this reference). 
 4.3 Form of Depositary Receipt (Exhibit 4.2 to Form 8-K filed on June 6, 2022 and incorporated herein by this reference). 
 4.4 Description of Registered Securities Filed herewith) . 
 10.1 Amended and Restated PacWest Bancorp 2017 Stock Incentive Plan, effective as of May 11, 2021 (Appendix A to the Definitive Proxy Statement filed on March 26, 2021 and incorporated herein by this reference). 
 10.2 Form of Stock Award Agreement and Grant Notice pursuant to the Company s 2017 Stock Incentive Plan (Exhibit 10.3 to Form 8-K filed on May 18, 2017 and incorporated herein by this reference). 
 
 10.3 Form of Stock Unit Award Agreement and Grant Notice pursuant to the Company's 2017 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended (Exhibit 10.7 to Form 10-Q filed on August 8, 2019 and incorporated herein by this reference). 
 
 10.4 Form of Stock Award Agreement and Grant Notice pursuant to the Company's 2017 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended (Exhibit 10.8 to Form 10-Q filed on August 8, 2019 and incorporated herein by this reference). 
 
 10.5 Form of Stock Award Agreement and Grant Notice pursuant to the Amended and Restated PacWest Bancorp 2017 Stock Incentive Plan (Exhibit 10.10 to Form 10-Q filed on August 6, 2021 and incorporated herein by this reference). 
 10.6 Form of Stock Unit Award Agreement and Grant Notice pursuant to the Company's Amended and Restated PacWest Bancorp 2017 Stock Incentive Plan (Filed herewith). 
 10.7 Form of Stock Award Agreement and Grant Notice pursuant to the Company's Amended and Restated PacWest Bancorp 2017 Stock Incentive Plan (Filed herewith). 
 10.8 20 23 Executive Incentive Plan (F iled herewith). 
 10.9 Indemnification Agreement applicable to the directors and executive officers of the Company (Exhibit 10.10 to Form 10-K filed on February 28, 2020 and incorporated herein by this reference) . 
 
 185 

10.10 PacWest Bancorp Change in Control Severance Plan, dated February 12, 2020 (Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on February 14, 2020 and incorporated herein by this reference). 
 10.11 PacWest Bancorp Employee Severance Plan, dated February 12, 2020 (Filed herewith). 
 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Registrant (Filed herewith) . 
 23.1 Consent of KPMG LLP (Filed herewith) . 
 24.1 Powers of Attorney (included on signature page). 
 31.1 Section 302 Certification of Chief Executive Officer (Filed herewith) . 
 31.2 Section 302 Certification of Chief Financial Officer (Filed herewith). 
 32.1 Section 906 Certification of Chief Executive Officer (Filed herewith) . 
 32.2 Section 906 Certification of Chief Financial Officer (Filed herewith). 
 101 Interactive data files pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S T: (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Earnings (Loss) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 , (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , (iv) the Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (v) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , and (vi) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. (Pursuant to Rule 406T of Regulation S T, this information is deemed furnished and not filed for purposes of Sections 11 and 12 of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.) (Filed herewith) . 
 104 Cover page of PacWest Bancorp s Annual Report on Form 10-K formatted in Inline XBRL (contained in Exhibit 101) 

_________________________ 
 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 (b) Exhibits 
 The exhibits listed in Item 15(a)3 are incorporated by reference or attached hereto. 
 (c) Excluded Financial Statements 
 Not Applicable 
 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None 
 186 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 PACWEST BANCORP Dated: February 27, 2023 By: /s/ PAUL W. TAYLOR 
 Paul W. Taylor 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 POWERS OF ATTORNEY 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Matthew P. Wagner, Paul W. Taylor, Kevin L. Thompson, and Angela M.W. Kelley, and each of them severally, his or her true and lawful attorney in fact with power of substitution and resubstitution to sign in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to do any and all things and execute any and all instruments that such attorney may deem necessary or advisable under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and any rules, regulations and requirements of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with this Annual Report on Form 10 K and any and all amendments hereto, as fully for all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, and hereby ratifies and confirms all said attorneys in fact and agents, each acting alone, and his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 187 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Title Date /s/ MATTHEW P. WAGNER 
 Matthew P. Wagner 
 Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors February 27, 2023 /s/ PAUL W. TAYLOR 
 Paul W. Taylor 
 President and Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) February 27, 2023 /s/ KEVIN L. THOMPSON 
 Kevin L. Thompson 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) February 27, 2023 /s/ MONICA L. SPARKS 
 Monica L. Sparks 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) February 27, 2023 /s/ TANYA M. ACKER 
 Tanya M. Acker 
 Director February 27, 2023 /s/ PAUL R. BURKE 
 Paul R. Burke 
 Director February 27, 2023 /s/ CRAIG A. CARLSON 
 Craig A. Carlson 
 Director February 27, 2023 /s/ JOHN M. EGGEMEYER, III 
 John M. Eggemeyer, III 
 Lead Director February 27, 2023 /s/ C. WILLIAM HOSLER 
 C. William Hosler 
 Director February 27, 2023 /s/ POLLY B. JESSEN 
 Polly B. Jessen 
 Director February 27, 2023 /s/ SUSAN E. LESTER 
 Susan E. Lester 
 Director February 27, 2023 /s/ ROGER H. MOLVAR 
 Roger H. Molvar 
 Director February 27, 2023 /s/ STEPHANIE B. MUDICK 
 Stephanie B. Mudick 
 Director February 27, 2023 

188 

<EX-3.1>
 2
 a12312210-kexhibit31.htm
 EX-3.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 3.1 
 
 Amended to and including 
 Amendments of June 5, 2014 
 
 CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION 
 
 OF 
 
 PACWEST BANCORP 
 
 (Original Certificate Filed on March 24, 2008) 
 
 FIRST. The name of the corporation is PacWest Bancorp. 
 
 SECOND. The address of the corporation s registered office in the State of Delaware is Corporation Trust Center, 1209 Orange in the City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, Delaware 19801. The name of its registered agent at such address is The Corporation Trust Company. 
 
 THIRD. The purpose of the corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized under the General Corporation Law of Delaware. 
 
 FOURTH. The total number of shares of all classes of stock which the corporation shall have authority to issue is 205,000,000, of which 200,000,000 shares of the par value of 0.01 per share shall be designated as Common Stock and 5,000,000 shares of the par value of 0.01 per share shall be designated as Preferred Stock. Shares of Preferred Stock may be issued in one or more series from time to time by the board of directors, and the board of directors is expressly authorized to fix by resolution or resolutions the designations and the powers, preferences and rights, and the qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, of the shares of each series of Preferred Stock, including without limitation the following 
 
 (a) the distinctive serial designation of such series which shall distinguish it from other series 
 
 (b) the number of shares included in such series 
 
 (c) the dividend rate (or method of determining such rate) payable to the holders of the shares of such series, any conditions upon which such dividends shall be paid and the date or dates upon which such dividends shall be payable 
 
 (d) whether dividends on the shares of such series shall be cumulative and, in the case of shares of any series having cumulative dividend rights, the date or dates or method of determining the date or dates from which dividends on the shares of such series shall be cumulative 
 
 (e) the amount or amounts which shall be payable out of the assets of the corporation to the holders of the shares of such series upon voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up the corporation, and the relative rights of priority, if any, of payment of the shares of such series 
 
 (f) the price or prices at which, the period or periods within which and the terms and conditions upon which the shares of such series may be redeemed, in whole or in part, at the option of the corporation or at the option of the holder or holders thereof or upon the happening of a specified event or events 
 
 (g) the obligation, if any, of the corporation to purchase or redeem shares of such series pursuant to a sinking fund or otherwise and the price or prices at which, the period or periods within which and the terms and conditions upon which the shares of such series shall be redeemed or purchased, in whole or in part, pursuant to such obligation 

(h) whether or not the shares of such series shall be convertible or exchangeable, at any time or times at the option of the holder or holders thereof or at the option of the corporation or upon the happening of a specified event or events, into shares of any other class or classes or any other series of the same or any other class or classes of stock of the corporation, and the price or prices or rate or rates of exchange or conversion and any adjustments applicable thereto and 
 
 (i) whether or not the holders of the shares of such series shall have voting rights, in addition to the voting rights provided by law, and if so the terms of such voting rights. 
 
 Subject to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock, the number of authorized shares of any class or series of Preferred Stock may be increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares thereof then outstanding) by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of such class or series, voting together as a single class, irrespective of the provisions of Section 242(b)(2) of the General Corporation Law of Delaware or any corresponding provision hereafter enacted. 
 
 FIFTH. Intentionally omitted. 
 
 SIXTH. The board of directors of the corporation is expressly authorized to adopt, amend or repeal bylaws of the corporation. 
 
 SEVENTH. Elections of directors need not be by written ballot except and to the extent provided in the bylaws of the corporation. 
 
 EIGHTH. At all elections of directors of the corporation, a holder of any class or series of stock then entitled to vote in such election shall be entitled to as many votes as shall equal the number of votes which such holder would be entitled to cast for the election of directors with respect to such holder s shares of stock multiplied by the number of directors to be elected in the election in which such holder s class or series of shares is entitled to vote, and such holder may cast all of such votes for a single director or may distribute them among the number to be voted for, or for any two or more of them as such holder may see fit. No stockholder shall be entitled to cumulate votes unless the name of the candidate or candidates for whom such votes would be cast has been placed in nomination prior to the voting and at least one stockholder has given notice at the meeting prior to the voting, of such stockholder s intention to cumulate his votes. 
 
 NINTH. 
 
 (a) A director of the corporation shall not be liable to the corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except to the extent that such exemption from liability or limitation thereof is not permitted under the Delaware General Corporation Law as currently in effect or as the same may hereafter be amended. 
 
 (b) The corporation is authorized to indemnify any person serving as director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, to the fullest extent permissible under Delaware law. 
 
 (c) No amendment, modification or repeal of this Article NINTH shall adversely affect any right or protection of any person that exists at the time of such amendment, modification or repeal. 
 
 TENTH. The corporation elects not to be governed by Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Code. 

</EX-3.1>

<EX-3.2>
 3
 a12312210-kexhibit32.htm
 EX-3.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 3.2 
 SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS 
 OF 
 PACWEST BANCORP 
 October 25, 2019 
 ARTICLE I 
 Stockholders 
 Section 1.1. Annual Meetings . An annual meeting of stockholders shall be held for the election of directors at such date, time and place either within or without the State of Delaware as may be designated by the Board of Directors from time to time. Any other proper business may be transacted at the annual meeting. 
 Section 1.2. Special Meetings . Special meetings of stockholders may be called at any time by the Chairman of the Board, if any, the Vice Chairman of the Board, if any, the Chief Executive Officer, the Board of Directors or the holders of shares entitled to cast not less than ten percent of the votes at the meeting, such meeting, such meeting to be held at such date, time and place either within or without the State of Delaware as may be stated in the notice of the meeting. 
 Section 1.3. Notice of Meetings . Whenever stockholders are required or permitted to take any action at a meeting, a written notice of the meeting shall be given which shall state the place, date and hour of the meeting, and, in the case of a special meeting, the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called. The notice of any meeting at which directors are to be elected shall include a list of the names of the nominees intended at the time of the mailing of the notice to be presented by the Board for election. Unless otherwise provided by law, the written notice of any meeting shall be given not less than ten nor more than sixty days before the date of the meeting to each stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting. If mailed, such notice shall be deemed to be given when deposited in the United States mail, postage prepaid, directed to the stockholder at such stockholder s address as it appears on the records of the Corporation. 
 Section 1.4. Adjournments . Any meeting of stockholders, annual or special, may be adjourned from time to time, to reconvene at the same or some other place, and notice need not be given of any such adjourned meeting if the time and place thereof are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken. At the adjourned meeting the Corporation may transact any business which might have been transacted at the original meeting. If the adjournment is for more than thirty days, or if after the adjournment a new record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting, a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting. 
 Section 1.5. Quorum . At each meeting of stockholders, except where otherwise provided by law or the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws, the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of stock entitled to vote on a matter at the meeting, present in person or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum. For purposes of the foregoing, where a separate vote by class or classes is required for any matter, the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of such class or classes, present in person or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum to take action with respect to that vote on that matter. Two or more classes or series of stock shall be considered a single class if the holders thereof are entitled to vote together as a single class at the meeting. In the absence of a quorum of the holders of any class of stock entitled to vote on a matter, the holders of such class so present or represented may, by majority vote, adjourn the meeting of such class from time to time in the manner provided by Section 1.4 of these bylaws until a quorum of such class shall be so present or represented. Shares of its own capital stock belonging on the record date for the meeting to the Corporation or to another corporation, if a majority of the shares entitled to vote in the election of directors of such other corporation is held, directly or indirectly, by the Corporation, shall neither be entitled to vote nor be counted for quorum purposes provided, however, that the foregoing shall not limit the right of the Corporation to vote stock, including but not limited to its own stock, held by it in a fiduciary capacity. 
 
 1 

Section 1.6. Organization . Meetings of stockholders shall be presided over by the Chairman of the Board, if any, or in the absence of the Chairman of the Board by the Vice Chairman of the Board, if any, or in the absence of the Vice Chairman of the Board by the Chief Executive Officer, or in the absence of the foregoing persons by a chairman designated by the Board of Directors, or in the absence of such designation by a chairman chosen at the meeting. The Secretary, or in the absence of the Secretary an Assistant Secretary, shall act as secretary of the meeting, but in the absence of the Secretary and any Assistant Secretary the chairman of the meeting may appoint any person to act as secretary of the meeting. 
 Section 1.7. Inspectors . Prior to any meeting of stockholders, the Board of Directors or the President shall appoint one or more inspectors to act at such meeting and any adjournment thereof and make a written report thereof and may designate one or more persons as alternate inspectors to replace any inspector who fails to act. If no inspector or alternate is able to act at the meeting of stockholders, the person presiding at the meeting shall appoint one or more inspectors to act at the meeting. Each inspector, before entering upon the discharge of his or her duties, shall take and sign an oath faithfully to execute the duties of inspector with strict impartiality and according to the best of his or her ability. The inspectors shall ascertain the number of shares outstanding and the voting power of each, determine the shares represented at the meeting and the validity of proxies and ballots, count all votes and ballots, determine and retain for a reasonable period a record of the disposition of any challenges made to any determination by the inspectors and certify their determination of the number of shares represented at the meeting and their count of all votes and ballots. The inspectors may appoint or retain other persons to assist them in the performance of their duties. The date and time of the opening and closing of the polls for each matter upon which the stockholders will vote at a meeting shall be announced at the meeting. No ballot, proxy or vote, nor any revocation thereof or change thereto, shall be accepted by the inspectors after the closing of the polls. In determining the validity and counting of proxies and ballots, the inspectors shall be limited to an examination of the proxies, any envelopes submitted therewith, any information provided by a stockholder who submits a proxy by telegram, cablegram or other electronic transmission from which it can be determined that the proxy was authorized by the stockholder, ballots and the regular books and records of the Corporation, and they may also consider other reliable information for the limited purpose of reconciling proxies and ballots submitted by or on behalf of banks, brokers, their nominees or similar persons which represent more votes than the holder of a proxy is authorized by the record owner to cast or more votes than the stockholder holds of record. If the inspectors consider other reliable information for such purpose, they shall, at the time they make their certification, specify the precise information considered by them, including the person or persons from whom they obtained the information, when the information was obtained, the means by which the information was obtained and the basis for the inspectors belief that such information is accurate and reliable. If there are three inspectors of election, the decision, act or certificate of a majority is effective in all respects as the decision, act or certificate of all. Any report or certificate made by the inspectors of election is prima facie evidence of the facts stated therein. 
 Section 1.8. Voting Proxies . Unless otherwise provided in the certificate of incorporation, each stockholder entitled to vote at any meeting of stockholders shall be entitled to one vote for each share of stock held by such stockholder which has voting power upon the matter in question. Each stockholder entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders or to express consent or dissent to corporate action in writing without a meeting may authorize another person or persons to act for such stockholder by proxy, but no such proxy shall be voted or acted upon after three years from its date, unless the proxy provides for a longer period. A duly executed proxy shall be irrevocable if it states that it is irrevocable and if, and only as long as, it is coupled with an interest sufficient in law to support an irrevocable power, regardless of whether the interest with which it is coupled is an interest in the stock itself or an interest in the Corporation generally. A stockholder may revoke any proxy which is not irrevocable by attending the meeting and voting in person or by filing an instrument in writing revoking the proxy or another duly executed proxy bearing a later date with the Secretary of the Corporation. Voting at meetings of stockholders need not be by written ballot unless the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of all classes of stock entitled to vote thereon present in person or represented by proxy at such meeting shall so determine. Except as may be otherwise required by the certificate of incorporation, each director shall be elected by the vote of the majority of the votes cast (meaning the number of shares voted for a nominee must exceed the number of shares voted against such nominee) at any meeting for the election of directors at which a quorum is present, provided that the directors shall be elected by a plurality of the votes cast (instead of by votes cast for or against a nominee) at any meeting at which a quorum is present for which (i) the Secretary of the Corporation receives a notice pursuant to these bylaws that a stockholder 
 2 

intends to nominate a director or directors and (ii) such proposed nomination has not been withdrawn by such stockholder on or prior to the tenth day preceding the date the Corporation first mails its notice of meeting for such meeting to the stockholders. In all other matters, unless otherwise provided by law or by the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws, the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the shares present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote on the subject matter shall be the act of the stockholders. Where a separate vote by class or classes is required, the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the shares of such class or classes present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting shall be the act of such class or classes, except as otherwise provided by law or by the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws. 
 Section 1.9. Fixing Date for Determination of Stockholders of Record . In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors, and which record date shall not be more than sixty nor less than ten days before the date of such meeting. If no record date is fixed by the Board of Directors, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which notice is given, or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which the meeting is held. A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting provided, however, that the Board of Directors may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting. 
 In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors, and which date shall not be more than ten days after the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors. If no record date has been fixed by the Board of Directors, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, when no prior action by the Board of Directors is required by law, shall be the first date on which a signed written consent setting forth the action taken or proposed to be taken is delivered to the Corporation by delivery to its registered office in the State of Delaware, its principal place of business, or an officer or agent of the Corporation having custody of the book in which proceedings of meetings of stockholders are recorded. Delivery made to the Corporation s registered office shall be by hand or by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested. If no record date has been fixed by the Board of Directors and prior action by the Board of Directors is required by law, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution taking such prior action. 
 In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights or the stockholders entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock, or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted, and which record date shall be not more than sixty days prior to such action. If no record date is fixed, the record date for determining stockholders for any such purpose shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution relating thereto. 
 Section 1.10. List of Stockholders Entitled to Vote . The Secretary shall prepare and make, at least ten days before every meeting of stockholders, a complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, arranged in alphabetical order, and showing the address of each stockholder and the number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder. Such list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting, during ordinary business hours, for a period of at least ten days prior to the meeting, either at a place within the city where the meeting is to be held, which place shall be specified in the notice of the meeting, or, if not so specified, at the place where the meeting is to be held. The list shall also be produced and kept at the time and place of the meeting during the whole time thereof and may be inspected by any stockholder who is present. 

3 

Section 1.11. Consent of Stockholders in Lieu of Meeting . Unless otherwise provided in the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws, any action required by law to be taken at any annual or special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation, or any action which may be taken at any annual or special meeting of such stockholders, may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent or consents in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the holders of outstanding stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted and shall be delivered to the Corporation by delivery to (a) its registered office in the State of Delaware by hand or by certified mail or registered mail, return receipt requested, (b) its principal place of business, or (c) an officer or agent of the Corporation having custody of the book in which proceedings of meetings of stockholders are recorded. Every written consent shall bear the date of signature of each stockholder who signs the consent and no written consent shall be effective to take the corporate action referred to therein unless, within sixty days of the earliest dated consent delivered in the manner required by this bylaw to the Corporation, written consents signed by a sufficient number of holders to take action are delivered to the Corporation by delivery to (a) its registered office in the State of Delaware by hand or by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, (b) its principal place of business, or (c) an officer or agent of the Corporation having custody of the book in which proceedings of meetings of stockholders are recorded. Prompt notice of the taking of the corporate action without a meeting by less than unanimous written consent shall be given to those stockholders who have not consented in writing and who, if the action had been taken at a meeting, would have been entitled to notice of the meeting if the record date for such meeting had been the date that written consents signed by a sufficient number of stockholders to take the action were delivered to the Corporation as provided in this Section 1.11. 
 Section 1.12. Advance Notice of Stockholder Nominees for Director and Other Stockholder Proposals . (a) The matters to be considered and brought before any annual or special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation shall be limited to only such matters, including the nomination and election of directors, as shall be brought properly before such meeting in compliance with the procedures set forth in this Section 1.12. 
 (b) For any matter to be properly before any annual meeting of stockholders, the matter must be (i) specified in the notice of annual meeting given by or at the direction of the Board of Directors, (ii) otherwise brought before the annual meeting by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or (iii) brought before the annual meeting in the manner specified in this Section 1.12(b) by a stockholder of record. In addition to any other requirements under applicable law and these bylaws, persons nominated by stockholders for election as directors of the Corporation and any other proposals by stockholders shall be properly brought before the meeting only if notice in the manner contemplated hereby of any such matter to be presented by a stockholder at such meeting of stockholders (the Stockholder Notice is delivered to the Secretary of the Corporation at the principal executive office of the Corporation not less than 90 nor more than 120 days prior to the first anniversary date of the annual meeting for the preceding year provided, however, if and only if the annual meeting is not scheduled to be held within a period that commences 30 days before such anniversary date and ends 30 days after such anniversary date (an annual meeting date outside such period being referred to herein as an Other Meeting Date ), such Stockholder Notice shall be given in the manner provided herein by the later of the close of business on (i) the date 90 days prior to such Other Meeting Date or (ii) the tenth day following the date such Other Annual Meeting Date is first publicly announced or disclosed. Any stockholder entitled to nominate any person or persons (as the case may be) for election as a director or directors of the Corporation shall deliver, as part of such Stockholder Notice, a statement in writing setting forth the name of the person or persons to be nominated, the number and class of all shares of each class of stock of the Corporation owned of record and beneficially by each such person, as reported to such stockholder by such nominee(s), the information regarding each such person required by paragraphs (a), (e) and (f) of Item 401 of Regulation S-K adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission (or the corresponding provisions of any regulation subsequently adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission applicable to the Corporation), each such person s signed consent to serve as a director of the Corporation if elected, such stockholder s name and address and the number and class of all shares of each class of stock of the Corporation owned of record and beneficially by such stockholder. Any stockholder who gives a Stockholder Notice of any matter proposed to be brought before the meeting (not involving nominees for director) shall deliver, as part of such Stockholder Notice, the text of the proposal to be presented (including the text of any resolutions to be proposed for consideration by stockholders) and a brief written statement of the reasons why such stockholder favors the proposal and setting forth 
 4 

such stockholder s name and address, the number and class of all shares of each class of stock of the Corporation owned of record and beneficially by such stockholder and, if applicable, any material interest of such stockholder in the matter proposed (other than as a stockholder). As used herein, shares beneficially owned shall mean all shares which such person is deemed to beneficially own pursuant to Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ). The Corporation may require any proposed nominee to furnish such other information as it may reasonably require to determine whether the nominee would be considered independent under the various rules and standards applicable to the Corporation. 
 Notwithstanding anything in this Section 1.12(b) to the contrary, in the event that the number of directors to be elected to the Board of Directors of the Corporation is increased and either all of the nominees for director or the size of the increased Board of Directors is not publicly announced or disclosed by the Corporation at least 100 days prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year s annual meeting, a Stockholder Notice shall also be considered timely hereunder, but only with respect to nominees for any new positions created by such increase, if it shall be delivered to the Secretary of the Corporation at the principal executive office of the Corporation not later than the close of business on the tenth day following the first date all of such nominees or the size of the increased Board of Directors shall have been publicly announced or disclosed. 
 (c) Only such matters shall be properly brought before a special meeting of stockholders as shall have been brought before the meeting pursuant to the Corporation s notice of meeting. In the event the Corporation calls a special meeting of stockholders for the purpose of electing one or more directors to the Board of Directors, any stockholder may nominate a person or persons (as the case may be), for election to such position(s) as specified in the Corporation s notice of meeting, if the Stockholder Notice required by Section 1.12(b) hereof shall be delivered to the Secretary of the Corporation at the principal executive office of the Corporation not later than the close of business on the tenth day following the day on which the date of the special meeting and of the nominees proposed by the Board of Directors to be elected at such meeting is publicly announced or disclosed. 
 (d) For purposes of this Section 1.12, a matter shall be deemed to have been publicly announced or disclosed if such matter is disclosed in a press release reported by the Dow Jones News Service, Associated Press or comparable national news service or in a document publicly filed by the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 (e) Only persons who are nominated in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 1.12 shall be eligible for election as directors of the Corporation. In no event shall the postponement or adjournment of an annual meeting already publicly noticed, or any announcement of such postponement or adjournment, commence a new period (or extend any time period) for the giving of notice as provided in this Section 1.12. This Section 1.12 shall not apply to (i) stockholders proposals made pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act or (ii) the election of directors selected by or pursuant to the provisions of Article Four of the Certificate of Incorporation relating to the rights of the holders of any class or series of stock of the Corporation having a preference over the Common Stock as to dividends or upon liquidation to elect directors under specified circumstances. 
 (f) The person presiding at any meeting of stockholders, in addition to making any other determinations that may be appropriate to the conduct of the meeting, shall have the power and duty to determine whether notice of nominees and other matters proposed to be brought before a meeting has been duly given in the manner provided in this Section 1.12 and, if not so given, shall direct and declare at the meeting that such nominees and other matters are not properly before the meeting and shall not be considered. 
 ARTICLE II 
 Board of Directors 
 Section 2.1. Powers Number Qualifications . The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board of Directors, except as may be otherwise provided by law or in the certificate of incorporation. The number of directors of the Corporation shall be from seven to fifteen, the exact number thereof to be determined from time to time by the Board by resolution. Directors need not be stockholders. 
 5 

Section 2.2. Election Term of Office Resignation Removal Vacancies . Each director shall hold office until his or her successor is elected and qualified or until his or her earlier resignation or removal. Any director may resign effective upon giving written notice to the Chairman of the Board, the Board of Directors or to the Secretary of the Corporation unless the notice specifies a time for the effectiveness of such notice. If the resignation is effective at a future time, a successor may be elected to take office when the resignation becomes effective. Such resignation shall take effect at the time specified therein, and unless otherwise specified therein no acceptance of such resignation shall be necessary to make it effective. Any director or the entire Board of Directors may be removed, with or without cause, by the holders of a majority of the shares then entitled to vote at an election of directors except that, if the certificate of incorporation provides for cumulative voting and less than the entire Board is to be removed, no director may be removed without cause if the votes cast against his or her removal would be sufficient to elect him or her if then cumulatively voted at an election of the entire Board. Unless otherwise provided in the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws, vacancies and newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors elected by all of the stockholders having the right to vote as a single class or from any other cause may be filled by a majority of the directors then in office, although less than a quorum, or by the sole remaining director. Any director elected or appointed to fill a vacancy shall hold office until the next election of the class of directors of the director which such director replaced, and until and his or her successor is elected and qualified or until his or her earlier resignation or removal. 
 Section 2.3. Regular Meetings . Regular meetings of the Board of Directors may be held at such places within or without the State of Delaware and at such times as the Board may from time to time determine, and if so determined notice thereof need not be given. 
 Section 2.4. Special Meetings . Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be held at any time or place within or without the State of Delaware whenever called by the Chairman of the Board, if any, by the Vice Chairman of the Board, if any, or by any two directors. Four days notice thereof by mail or forty-eight hours notice thereof delivered personally or by telephone, including a voice messaging system or by electronic transmission, shall be given by the person or persons calling the meeting. 
 Section 2.5. Participation in Meetings by Conference Telephone Permitted . Unless otherwise restricted by the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws, members of the Board of Directors, or any committee designated by the Board, may participate in a meeting of the Board or of such committee, as the case may be, by means of conference telephone or other communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other, and participation in a meeting pursuant to this bylaw shall constitute presence in person at such meeting. 
 Section 2.6. Quorum Vote Required for Action . At all meetings of the Board of Directors, one-third of the entire Board shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. The vote of a majority of the directors present at a meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of the Board unless the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws shall require a vote of a greater number. In case at any meeting of the Board a quorum shall not be present, the members of the Board present may adjourn the meeting from time to time until a quorum shall be present. If the meeting is adjourned for more than twenty-four hours, notice of an adjournment to another time or place shall be given prior to the time of the adjourned meeting to the directors who were not present at the time of the adjournment. 
 Section 2.7. Organization . Meetings of the Board of Directors shall be presided over by the Chairman of the Board, if any, or in the absence of the Chairman of the Board by the Vice Chairman of the Board, if any, or in the absence of the Vice Chairman of the Board by the President, or in their absence by a chairman chosen at the meeting. The Secretary, or in the absence of the Secretary an Assistant Secretary, shall act as secretary of the meeting, but in the absence of the Secretary and any Assistant Secretary the chairman of the meeting may appoint any person to act as secretary of the meeting. 
 6 

Section 2.8. Action by Directors Without a Meeting . Unless otherwise restricted by the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws, any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors, or of any committee thereof, may be taken without a meeting if all members of the Board or of such committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing, or by electronic transmission, and the writing or writings or electronic transmission or transmissions are filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board or committee. Such filing shall be in paper form if the minutes are maintained in paper form and shall be in electronic form if the minutes are maintained in electronic form. 
 Section 2.9. Compensation of Directors . Unless otherwise restricted by the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws, the Board of Directors shall have the authority to fix the compensation of directors. 
 ARTICLE III 
 Committees 
 Section 3.1. Committees . The Board of Directors may designate one or more committees, each committee to consist of one or more of the directors of the Corporation. The Board may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee. In the absence or disqualification of a member of a committee, the member or members thereof present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not such member or members constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the Board to act at the meeting in the place of any such absent or disqualified member. Any such committee, to the extent provided in the resolution of the Board of Directors or in these bylaws, shall have and may exercise all the powers and authority of the Board of Directors in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation, and may authorize the seal of the Corporation to be affixed to all papers which may require it but no such committee shall have the power or authority in reference to the following matters (i) approving or adopting, or recommending to the stockholders, any action or matter (other than the election or removal of directors) expressly required by law to be submitted to stockholders for approval or (ii) adopting, amending or repealing these bylaws. 
 Section 3.2. Committee Rules . Unless the Board of Directors otherwise provides, each committee designated by the Board may adopt, amend and repeal rules for the conduct of its business. In the absence of a provision by the Board or a provision in the rules of such committee to the contrary, a majority of the entire authorized number of members of such committee shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business, the vote of a majority of the members present at a meeting at the time of such vote if a quorum is then present shall be the act of such committee, and in other respects each committee shall conduct its business in the same manner as the Board conducts its business pursuant to Article II of these bylaws. 
 ARTICLE IV 
 Officers 
 Section 4.1. Officers Election . As soon as practicable after the annual meeting of stockholders in each year, the Board of Directors shall elect a Chairman of the Board, a Secretary and a Chief Financial Officer, and it may, if it so determines, elect from among its members a Vice Chairman of the Board. The Board may also elect one or more Managing Directors, one or more Assistant Secretaries, a Treasurer and one or more Assistant Treasurers and such other officers as the Board may deem desirable or appropriate and may give any of them such further designations or alternate titles as it considers desirable. Any number of offices may be held by the same person unless the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws otherwise provide. 
 7 

Section 4.2. Term of Office Resignation Removal Vacancies . Except as otherwise provided in the resolution of the Board of Directors electing any officer, each officer shall hold office until the first meeting of the Board after the annual meeting of shareholders next succeeding his or her election, and until his or her successor is elected and qualified or until his or her earlier resignation or removal. Any officer may resign at any time upon written notice to the Board or to the Chairman of the Board or the Secretary of the Corporation. Such resignation shall take effect at the time specified therein, and unless otherwise specified therein no acceptance of such resignation shall be necessary to make it effective. The Board may remove any officer with or without cause at any time. Any such removal shall be without prejudice to the contractual rights of such officer, if any, with the Corporation, but the election of an officer shall not of itself create contractual rights. Any vacancy occurring in any office of the Corporation by death, resignation, removal or otherwise may be filled for the unexpired portion of the term by the Board at any regular or special meeting. 
 Section 4.3. Powers and Duties . The officers of the Corporation shall have such powers and duties in the management of the Corporation as shall be stated in these bylaws or in a resolution of the Board of Directors which is not inconsistent with these bylaws and, to the extent not so stated, as generally pertain to their respective offices, subject to the control of the Board. The Secretary shall have the duty to record the proceedings of the meetings of the stockholders, the Board of Directors and any committees in a book to be kept for that purpose. The Board may require any officer, agent or employee to give security for the faithful performance of his or her duties. 
 ARTICLE V 
 Stock 
 Section 5.1. Certificates . The shares of stock in the Corporation shall be represented by certificates, provided that the Board of Directors may provide by resolution or resolutions that some or all of any or all classes or series of the Corporation s stock shall be uncertificated shares. Any such resolution shall not apply to shares represented by a certificate theretofore issued until such certificate is surrendered to the Corporation. Notwithstanding the adoption of such a resolution by the Board, every holder of stock represented by certificates, and upon request every holder of uncertificated shares, shall be entitled to have a certificate signed by or in the name of the Corporation by the Chairman or Vice Chairman of the Board, if any, or the President or a Vice President, and by the Chief Financial Officer or Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer, or the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary, of the Corporation, representing the number of shares of stock registered in certificate form owned by such holder. If such certificate is manually signed by one officer or manually countersigned by a transfer agent or by a registrar, any other signature on the certificate may be a facsimile. In case any officer, transfer agent or registrar who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate shall have ceased to be such officer, transfer agent or registrar before such certificate is issued, it may be issued by the Corporation with the same effect as if such person were such officer, transfer agent or registrar at the date of issue. 
 If the Corporation is authorized to issue more than one class of stock or more than one series of any class, the powers, designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications or restrictions of such preferences and or rights shall be set forth in full or summarized on the face or back of the certificate which the Corporation shall issue to represent such class or series of stock, provided that, except as otherwise provided by law, in lieu of the foregoing requirements, there may be set forth on the face or back of the certificate which the Corporation shall issue to represent such class or series of stock a statement that the Corporation will furnish without charge to each stockholder who so requests the powers, designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences and or rights. Within a reasonable time after the issuance or transfer of uncertificated shares, the Corporation shall send to the registered owner thereof a written notice containing the information required by law to be set forth or stated on certificates or a statement that the Corporation will furnish without charge to each stockholder who so requests the powers, designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences and or rights. 
 8 

Except as otherwise expressly provided by law, the rights and obligations of the holders of uncertificated shares and the rights and obligations of the holders of certificates representing stock of the same class and series shall be identical. 
 Section 5.2. Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Stock Certificates Issuance of New Certificates . The Corporation may issue a new certificate of stock or uncertificated shares in the place of any certificate theretofore issued by it, alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed, and the Corporation may require the owner of the lost, stolen or destroyed certificate, or such owner s legal representative, to give the Corporation a bond sufficient to indemnify it against any claim that may be made against it on account of the alleged loss, theft or destruction of any such certificate or the issuance of such new certificate or uncertificated shares. 
 ARTICLE VI 
 Miscellaneous 
 Section 6.1. Fiscal Year . The fiscal year of the Corporation shall be determined by the Board of Directors. 
 Section 6.2. Seal . The Corporation may have a corporate seal which shall have the name of the Corporation inscribed thereon and shall be in such form as may be approved from time to time by the Board of Directors. The corporate seal may be used by causing it or a facsimile thereof to be impressed or affixed or in any other manner reproduced. 
 Section 6.3. Waiver of Notice of Meetings of Stockholders, Directors and Committees . Whenever notice is required to be given by law or under any provision of the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws, a written waiver thereof, signed by the person entitled to notice, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to notice. Attendance of a person at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when the person attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any regular or special meeting of the stockholders, directors or members of a committee of directors need be specified in any written waiver of notice unless so required by the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws. 
 Section 6.4. Indemnification of Directors, Officers and Employees . The Corporation shall indemnify to the full extent permitted by law any person made or threatened to be made a party to any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, by reason of the fact that such person or such person s testator or intestate is or was a director, officer or employee of the Corporation or serves or served at the request of the Corporation any other enterprise as a director, officer or employee. Expenses, including attorneys fees, incurred by any such person in defending any such action, suit or proceeding shall be paid or reimbursed by the Corporation promptly upon receipt by it of an undertaking of such person to repay such expenses if it shall ultimately be determined that such person is not entitled to be indemnified by the Corporation. The rights provided to any person by this bylaw shall be enforceable against the Corporation by such person who shall be presumed to have relied upon it in serving or continuing to serve as a director, officer or employee as provided above. No amendment of this bylaw shall impair the rights of any person arising at any time with respect to events occurring prior to such amendment. For purposes of this bylaw, the term Corporation shall include any predecessor of the Corporation and any constituent Corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed by the Corporation in a consolidation or merger the term other enterprise shall include any Corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or employee benefit plan service at the request of the Corporation shall include service as a director, officer or employee of the Corporation which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director, officer or employee with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants or beneficiaries any excise taxes assessed on a person with respect to an employee benefit plan shall be deemed to be indemnifiable expenses and action by a person with respect to an employee benefit plan which such person reasonably believes to be in the interest of the participants and beneficiaries of such plan shall be deemed to be action not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation. 
 9 

Section 6.5. Interested Directors Quorum . No contract or transaction between the Corporation and one or more of its directors or officers, or between the Corporation and any other Corporation, partnership, association or other organization in which one or more of its directors or officers are directors or officers, or have a financial interest, shall be void or voidable solely for this reason, or solely because the director or officer is present at or participates in the meeting of the Board of Directors or committee thereof which authorizes the contract or transaction, or solely because his or her or their votes are counted for such purpose, if (1) the material facts as to his or her relationship or interest and as to the contract or transaction are disclosed or are known to the Board or the committee, and the Board or committee in good faith authorizes the contract or transaction by the affirmative votes of a majority of the disinterested directors, even though the disinterested directors be less than a quorum or (2) the material facts as to his or her relationship or interest and as to the contract or transaction are disclosed or are known to the stockholders entitled to vote thereon, and the contract or transaction is specifically approved in good faith by vote of the stockholders or (3) the contract or transaction is fair as to the Corporation as of the time it is authorized, approved or ratified, by the Board, a committee thereof or the stockholders. Common or interested directors may be counted in determining the presence of a quorum at a meeting of the Board of Directors or of a committee which authorizes the contract or transaction. 
 Section 6.6. Form of Records . Any records maintained by the Corporation in the regular course of its business, including its stock ledger, books of account and minute books, may be kept on, or be in the form of, punch cards, magnetic tape, photographs, microphotographs or any other information storage device, provided that the records so kept can be converted into clearly legible form within a reasonable time. The Corporation shall so convert any records so kept upon the request of any person entitled to inspect the same. 
 Section 6.7. Amendment of Bylaws . These bylaws may be amended or repealed, and new bylaws adopted, by the Board of Directors, but the stockholders entitled to vote may adopt additional bylaws and may amend or repeal any bylaw whether or not adopted by them. 
 Section 6.8. Principal Executive or Business Offices . The Board of Directors shall fix the location of the principal executive office of the Corporation at any place either within or without the State of Delaware. If the principal executive office is located outside Delaware and the Corporation has one or more business offices in Delaware, the Board shall designate one of these offices as the Corporation s principal business office in Delaware. 

10 

</EX-3.2>

<EX-4.4>
 4
 a12312210-kexhibit44.htm
 EX-4.4

Document 
 
 Exhibit 4.4 

DESCRIPTION OF REGISTERED SECURITIES 

As of December 31, 2022, PacWest Bancorp PacWest had two classes of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
 
 Common Stock, par value 0.01 per share and 
 Depositary Shares, each representing a 1 40th interest in a share of 7.75 fixed rate reset non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock, Series A, par value 0.01 per share. 

DESCRIPTION OF COMMON STOCK 
 
 The following is a brief description of the material terms of the Common Stock. The following description does not purport to be complete in all respects, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the pertinent sections of our Certificate of Incorporation, as amended (the Certificate of Incorporation ), and Second Amended and Restated Bylaws (the Bylaws ), each of which is incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.4 is a part, as well as the Delaware General Corporation Law DGCL ). 
 
 General 
 
 Pursuant to PacWest s Certificate of Incorporation, PacWest has the authority to issue up to 200 million shares of common stock, par value 0.01 per share, and an additional 5 million shares of preferred stock, par value 0.01 per share. Each share of PacWest common stock has the same relative rights, and is identical in all respects, with each other share of PacWest common stock. PacWest common stock is traded on NASDAQ under the symbol PACW. 
 
 Voting Rights 
 
 Holders of PacWest common stock are entitled to one vote per share on all matters requiring stockholder action, including, but not limited to, the election of directors. Cumulative voting is permitted so long as the name of the candidates for whom such votes would be cast has been placed in nomination prior to voting and at least one stockholder has given notice at the meeting prior to voting of such stockholder s intention to cumulate votes. In an election of directors under cumulative voting, each share of voting stock is entitled to vote the number of votes to which such share would normally be entitled multiplied by the number of directors to be elected. A stockholder may then cast all such votes for a single candidate or may allocate them among as many candidates as the stockholder may choose. Cumulative voting may enable a minority stockholder or group of stockholders to elect at least one representative to the PacWest Board of Directors (the PacWest Board ). Without cumulative voting, the holders of a majority of the shares present at an annual meeting would have the power to elect all the directors to be elected at that meeting, and no person could be elected without the support of a majority of the stockholders voting. Without cumulative voting, any director or the entire board of directors of a corporation may be removed with or without cause with the approval of a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote at an election of directors. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 Holders of PacWest common stock may receive dividends when, as and if declared by the PacWest Board out of funds legally available for payment of dividends, subject to any restrictions imposed by Federal regulators and the payment of any preferential amounts to which any class of preferred stock may be entitled. Other restrictions on PacWest s ability to pay dividends are described below under Restrictions on Dividends. 
 
 Liquidation Preference 
 
 Holders of common stock are not entitled to a liquidation preference in respect of their shares. Upon liquidation, dissolution or the winding up of PacWest, holders of PacWest common stock will be entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining after the payment of all liabilities of PacWest and of preferential amounts to which any preferred stock may be entitled. 

Other Matters 
 
 The holders of PacWest common stock have no preemptive or other subscription rights. PacWest common stock is not subject to call or redemption. 
 
 Restrictions on Dividends 
 
 PacWest s ability to pay dividends or to repurchase its common stock are restricted by several factors. First, PacWest is incorporated in Delaware and is governed by the DGCL. Delaware law allows a corporation to pay dividends only out of surplus, as determined under Delaware law, or, if there is no surplus, out of net profits for the fiscal year in which the dividend was declared and or for the preceding fiscal year. Under Delaware law, however, PacWest cannot pay dividends out of net profits if, after PacWest pays the dividend, PacWest s capital would be less than the capital represented by the outstanding stock of all classes having a preference upon the distribution of assets. 
 
 Furthermore, notification to the Federal Reserve Bank FRB ), is required prior to PacWest s declaring and paying a cash dividend to its stockholders during any period in which its quarterly and or cumulative twelve-month net earnings are insufficient to fund the dividend amount, among other requirements. Under such circumstances, PacWest may not pay a dividend should the FRB object until such time as PacWest receives approval from the FRB or no longer needs to provide notice under applicable regulations. 
 
 Restrictions on Ownership of PacWest s Common Stock 
 
 Under the Bank Holding Company Act (the BHC Act ), any person or company is required to obtain the approval of the FRB before acquiring control of PacWest, which, among other things, includes the acquisition of ownership of or control over 25 or more of any class of voting securities of PacWest or the power to exercise a controlling influence over PacWest. In the case of an acquirer that is a bank or bank holding company, the BHC Act requires approval of the FRB for the acquisition of ownership or control of any voting securities of PacWest, if the acquisition results in the bank or bank holding company controlling more than 5 of the outstanding shares of any class of PacWest s voting securities. The Change in Bank Control Act prohibits a person, entity, or group of persons or entities acting in concert, from acquiring control of a bank holding company such as PacWest unless the FRB has been given prior notice and has not objected to the transaction. Under FRB regulations, the acquisition of 10 or more of a class of voting stock of PacWest would generally be deemed an acquisition of control of PacWest. 
 
 Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions in the Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws 
 
 Certain provisions of PacWest s Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws could make it less likely that PacWest s management would be changed or someone would acquire voting control of PacWest without the consent of the PacWest Board. These provisions could delay, deter or prevent tender offers or takeover attempts that stockholders might believe are in their best interests, including tender offers or takeover attempts that could allow stockholders to receive premiums over the market price of their common stock. 
 
 Preferred Stock . The Board can, at any time, under the Certificate of Incorporation and without stockholder approval, issue one or more new series of preferred stock. In some cases, the issuance of preferred stock without stockholder approval could discourage or make more difficult attempts to take control of PacWest through a merger, tender offer, proxy contest or otherwise. Preferred stock with special voting rights or other features issued to persons favoring PacWest s management could stop a takeover by preventing the person trying to take control of PacWest from acquiring enough voting shares necessary to take control. For a description of the outstanding series of PacWest s preferred stock as of December 31, 2022, see Description of Preferred Stock below. 
 
 Advance Notice Requirements . The Bylaws establish advance notice procedures with regard to stockholder proposals relating to nominations for the election of directors or other business to be brought before meetings of PacWest s stockholders. These procedures provide that notice of such stockholder proposals must be timely given to PacWest s corporate secretary prior to the meeting at which the action is to be taken. The notice must contain certain information specified in the Bylaws and must otherwise comply with the Bylaws. 

Removal of Directors and Vacancies . Under the Bylaws, any director or the entire Board of Directors may be removed, with or without cause, by the holders of a majority of the shares then entitled to vote at an election of directors except that, if the Certificate of Incorporation provides for cumulative voting (as PacWest s Certificate of Incorporation presently does) and less than the entire Board is to be removed, no director may be removed without cause if the votes cast against his or her removal would be sufficient to elect him or her if then cumulatively voted at an election of the entire Board. Unless otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws, vacancies and newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors elected by all of the stockholders having the right to vote as a single class or from any other cause may be filled by a majority of the directors then in office, although less than a quorum, or by the sole remaining director. 
 
 Amendment of Bylaws . The Bylaws may be amended or repealed, and new Bylaws adopted, by the Board of Directors, but the stockholders entitled to vote may adopt additional Bylaws and may amend or repeal any Bylaw whether or not adopted by them. 
 
 Nomination Procedures 
 
 Holders of PacWest common stock can nominate candidates for the PacWest Board. A stockholder must follow the advance notice procedures described in the Bylaws. In general, to nominate a person for election to the PacWest Board of directors at a meeting of PacWest s stockholders, a stockholder must submit a written notice of the proposed nomination to PacWest s corporate secretary at least 90 but not more than 120 days before the meeting. 

DESCRIPTION OF THE SERIES A PREFERRED STOCK 
 
 The following is a brief description of the material terms of the Series A Preferred Stock. The following description does not purport to be complete in all respects, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the pertinent sections of our Certificate of Incorporation, the Certificate of Designation relating to the Series A Preferred Stock (the Certificate of Designation ), which filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 6, 2022, and the applicable provisions of the DGCL. See also Description of Common Stock Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions in the Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws above. 
 
 General 
 
 Pursuant to PacWest s Certificate of Incorporation, PacWest has the authority to issue up to 5 million shares of preferred stock, par value 0.01 per share. The Series A Preferred Stock is a single series of our authorized preferred stock. The Series A Preferred Stock is not convertible into, or exchangeable for, shares of our common stock or any other class or series of other securities of the Company. The Series A Preferred Stock has no stated maturity and is not subject to any sinking fund or other obligation of the Company to redeem, retire or repurchase the Series A Preferred Stock. Each share of Series A Preferred Stock is identical in all respects to every other share of Series A Preferred Stock. 
 We have issued Depositary Shares each representing a 1 40th fractional interest in a share of Series A Preferred Stock, which are evidenced by depositary receipts. We have deposited the underlying shares of the Series A Preferred Stock represented by the Depositary Shares with a depositary pursuant to the Deposit Agreement. Subject to the terms of the Deposit Agreement, each holder of a Depositary Share is entitled to all the rights and preferences of the underlying Series A Preferred Stock in proportion to the applicable fraction of a share of Series A Preferred Stock represented by the Depositary Share. These rights include dividend, voting, redemption and liquidation rights. See Description of the Depositary Shares below for more information about the Depositary Shares. 

Ranking 
 
 With respect to the payment of dividends by, and distributions of assets upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of, the Company, the Series A Preferred Stock ranks 
 
 senior to our common stock and any class or series of our stock that may be issued in the future that is not expressly stated to be on parity with or senior to the Series A Preferred Stock with respect to such dividend and distributions, which we refer to as junior stock 
 on parity with, or equally to, any class or series of our capital stock we have issued and may issue in the future that is expressly stated to be on parity with the Series A preferred stock with respect to such dividends and distributions, which we refer to as parity stock 
 junior to any class or series of our capital stock we may issue in the future that is expressly stated to be senior to the Series A Preferred Stock with respect to such dividends and distributions, if the issuance is approved by the holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock, which we refer to as senior stock and 
 junior to our secured and unsecured debt. 
 
 The Company may authorize and issue additional shares of junior stock and parity stock from time to time without the consent of the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 General 
 
 Dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock are not cumulative or mandatory. If our board of directors, or a duly authorized committee thereof, does not declare a dividend on the Series A Preferred Stock in respect of a dividend period, then no dividend shall be deemed to be payable for such dividend period, or be cumulative, and we will have no obligation to pay any dividend for that dividend period, whether or not our board of directors, or a duly authorized committee thereof, declares a dividend on the Series A Preferred Stock or any other class or series of our capital stock for any future dividend period. A dividend period is the period from and including a dividend payment date to but excluding the next dividend payment date. 
 
 Holders of Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by our board of directors, or a duly authorized committee thereof, only out of funds legally available for the payment of dividends, non-cumulative cash dividends payable on the stated amount of 1,000 per share at a rate equal to 
 
 from, and including, the date of issuance to, but excluding, September 1, 2027 (the first reset date or the date of earlier redemption, a fixed rate per annum of 7.75 and 
 from, and including, the first reset date, during each reset period, a rate per annum equal to the five-year treasury rate as of the most recent reset dividend determination date (as described below), plus 4.82 , 
 
 and no more, payable quarterly in arrears on March 1, June 1, September 1 and December 1 of each year (each such date, a dividend payment date provided, however, that if any such dividend payment date is not a business day, then such date shall nevertheless be a dividend payment date but dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock shall be paid on the next succeeding business day (without interest or any other adjustment to the amount of dividends paid in respect of such delayed payment). 
 
 In the event that we issue additional shares of Series A Preferred Stock after the original issue date, those shares will be entitled to dividends that are declared on or after the date they are issued. 
 
 If any dividend payment date is not a business day, then the applicable dividend will be paid on the next business day without any adjustment to, or interest on, the amount of dividends paid. We will not pay interest or any sum of money instead of interest on any dividend, or in lieu of dividends not declared. A business day means any weekday that is not a legal holiday in New York, New York, and is not a day on which banking institutions in New York, New York or Beverly Hills, California, are closed. 

A reset date means the first reset date and each date falling on the fifth anniversary of the preceding reset date. Reset dates, including the first reset date, will not be adjusted for business days. A reset period means the period from, and including, the first reset date to, but excluding, the next following reset date and thereafter each period from, and including, each reset date to, but excluding, the next following reset date. A reset dividend determination date means, in respect of any reset period, the day falling three business days prior to the beginning of such reset period. 
 
 For any reset period commencing on or after the first reset date, the five-year treasury rate will be the average of the yields on actively traded U.S. treasury securities adjusted to constant maturity, for five-year maturities, for the five business days immediately preceding the reset dividend determination date for that reset period, appearing under the caption Treasury Constant Maturities in the most recently published statistical release designated H.15 Daily Update or any successor publication which is published by the Federal Reserve as of 5 00 p.m. (Eastern Time) as of any reset determination date, as determined by the calculation agent in its sole discretion provided that if no such calculation can be determined as described above, then 
 
 if the calculation agent determines that the treasury rate has not been discontinued, then the calculation agent will use for such reset period a substitute base rate that it has determined is most comparable to the treasury rate or 
 if the calculation agent determines that the treasury rate has been discontinued, then the calculation agent will use for such reset period and each successive reset period a substitute or successor base rate that it has determined is most comparable to the treasury rate provided that, if the calculation agent determines there is an industry-accepted successor base rate to the treasury rate, then the calculation agent shall use such successor base rate. 
 
 If the calculation agent has determined a substitute or successor base rate in accordance with second bullet point immediately above but no calculation with respect to such substitute or successor base rate can be determined as of any subsequent reset dividend determination date, then a new substitute or successor base rate shall be determined as set forth in the first or second bullet point immediately above, as applicable, as if the previously-determined substitute or successor base rate was the treasury rate. If the calculation agent has determined a substitute or successor base rate, then the calculation agent will apply any technical, administrative or operational changes that we determine (including changes to the definitions of dividend period , reset period , reset date and reset dividend determination date , timing and frequency of determining rates with respect to each reset period and making payments of dividends, rounding of amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) for calculating such substitute or successor base rate in a manner that is consistent with market practice for such substitute or successor base rate, including any adjustment factor needed to make such substitute or successor base rate comparable to the treasury rate provided that, if we decide that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if we determine that no market practice for use of the substitute or successor base rate exists, the calculation agent will apply any such changes for calculating such substitute or successor base rate in such other manner as we determine is reasonably necessary. 
 
 The five-year treasury rate will be determined by the calculation agent on the third business day immediately preceding the applicable reset date. If the five-year treasury rate for any dividend period cannot be determined pursuant to the methods described in the two bullet points above, the dividend rate for such dividend period will be the same as the dividend rate determined for the immediately preceding dividend period. 
 
 Dividends will be payable to holders of record of Series A Preferred Stock as they appear on our stock register on the applicable record date, which shall be the 15th calendar day before the applicable dividend payment date, or such other record date, not exceeding 60 days nor less than 10 days before the applicable dividend payment date, as shall be fixed by our board of directors, or a duly authorized committee thereof, in advance of payment of each particular dividend. The corresponding record dates for the depositary shares will be the same as the record dates for the Series A Preferred Stock. 
 
 Dividends payable on the Series A Preferred Stock will be calculated for each dividend period (or portion thereof) on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months. Dividends payable on or after September 1, 2027, will be computed based on the actual number of days in a dividend period and a 360-day year. Dollar amounts resulting from that calculation will be rounded to the nearest cent, with one-half cent being rounded upward. Dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock will cease to accrue on the redemption date, if any, as described below under Redemption , unless we default in the payment of the redemption price of the shares of the Series A Preferred Stock called for redemption. 

Restrictions on Dividends, Redemptions and Repurchases 
 
 Under Delaware law, subject to limited exceptions relating to our net earnings in specified periods, we may declare or pay dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock only if, after payment of such dividends, we would be able to pay our indebtedness as it becomes due in the usual course of business and only to the extent by which our total assets after payment of such dividends exceed the sum of our total liabilities. When the need to make these determinations arises, our board of directors will determine the amount of our total assets, total liabilities and liquidation preference amount with regard to outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock in accordance with Delaware law. 
 
 The Company s ability to pay dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock also depends on the ability of the Bank to pay dividends to the Company. The ability of the Company and the Bank to pay dividends in the future is subject to bank regulatory requirements and capital guidelines and policies established by the Federal Reserve, the FDIC and the DFPI, as applicable. 
 
 So long as any share of Series A Preferred Stock remains outstanding, unless dividends on all outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock for the most recently completed dividend period have been paid in full or declared and a sum sufficient for the payment thereof has been set aside for payment 
 
 no dividend shall be declared or paid or set aside for payment and no distribution shall be declared or made or set aside for payment on any junior stock (other than (i) a dividend payable solely in junior stock or (ii) any dividend in connection with the implementation of a stockholders rights plan, or the redemption or repurchase of any rights under any such plan) 
 no monies may be paid or made available for a sinking fund for the redemption or retirement of any junior stock nor shall any shares of junior stock be repurchased, redeemed or otherwise acquired for consideration by us, directly or indirectly, during a dividend period (other than (i) as a result of a reclassification of junior stock for or into other junior stock, (ii) the exchange or conversion of one share of junior stock for or into another share of junior stock, (iii) through the use of the proceeds of a substantially contemporaneous sale of other shares of junior stock, (iv) purchases, redemptions or other acquisitions of shares of the junior stock in connection with any employment contract, benefit plan or other similar arrangement with or for the benefit of employees, officers, directors or consultants, (v) purchases of shares of junior stock pursuant to a contractually binding requirement to buy junior stock existing prior to or during the most recently completed preceding dividend period, including under a contractually binding stock repurchase plan, (vi) the purchase of fractional interests in shares of junior stock pursuant to the conversion or exchange provisions of such stock or the security being converted or exchanged or (vii) the acquisition by us or any of our subsidiaries of record ownership in junior stock for the beneficial ownership of any other persons (other than for the beneficial ownership by us or any of our subsidiaries), including as trustees or custodians) and 
 no monies may be paid or made available for a sinking fund for the redemption or retirement of any parity stock nor shall any shares of parity stock, be repurchased, redeemed or otherwise acquired for consideration by us, directly or indirectly, during a dividend period (other than (i) any purchase or other acquisition of shares of Series A Preferred Stock and parity stock in accordance with a purchase offer made in writing or by publication (as determined by our board of directors, or a duly authorized committee thereof), to all holders of such shares on such terms as our board of directors, or a duly authorized committee thereof, after consideration of the respective annual dividend rates and other relative rights and preferences of the respective series and classes, shall determine in good faith will result in fair and equitable treatment among the respective series or classes, (ii) as a result of a reclassification of parity stock for or into other parity stock, (iii) the exchange or conversion of parity stock for or into other parity stock or junior stock, (iv) through the use of the proceeds of a substantially contemporaneous sale of other shares of parity stock, (v) purchases of shares of parity stock pursuant to a contractually binding requirement to buy parity stock existing prior to or during the preceding dividend period, including under a contractually binding stock repurchase plan, (vi) the purchase of fractional interests in shares of parity stock pursuant to the conversion or exchange provisions of such stock or the security being converted or exchanged, or (vii) the acquisition by us or any of our subsidiaries of record ownership in parity stock for the beneficial ownership of any other persons (other than for the beneficial ownership by us or any of our subsidiaries), including as trustees or custodians). 

If our board of directors, or a duly authorized committee thereof, elects to declare only partial instead of full dividends for a dividend payment date and the related dividend period on the shares of Series A Preferred Stock or any class or series of our stock that ranks on a parity with the Series A Preferred Stock in the payment of current dividends, then, to the extent permitted by the terms of the Series A Preferred Stock and each outstanding series of dividend parity stock, such partial dividends shall be declared on shares of Series A Preferred Stock and dividend parity stock, and dividends so declared shall be paid, as to any such dividend payment date and related dividend period in amounts such that the ratio of the partial dividends declared and paid on each such series to full dividends on each such series is the same. As used in this paragraph, full dividends means, as to any dividend parity stock that bears dividends on a cumulative basis, the amount of dividends that would need to be declared and paid to bring such dividend parity stock current in dividends, including undeclared dividends for past dividend periods. To the extent any series of dividend parity stock has a longer dividend period than the dividend period for the Series A Preferred Stock, or vice versa, for purposes of this paragraph, our board of directors, or a duly authorized committee thereof, may treat such series longer dividend period as two or more consecutive shorter dividend periods, none of which coincide with more than one of the other series dividend periods, or may treat such dividend period(s) with respect to any dividend parity stock and dividend period(s) with respect to the Series A Preferred Stock for purposes of this paragraph in any other manner that it deems to be fair and equitable in order to achieve ratable payments of dividends on such dividend parity stock and the Series A Preferred Stock. 
 
 Subject to the considerations described above, and not otherwise, dividends (payable in cash, stock or otherwise), as may be determined by our board of directors, or a duly authorized committee thereof, may be declared and paid on our common stock and any other junior stock from time to time out of any assets legally available for such payment, and the holders of Series A Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to participate in any such dividend. 
 
 Dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock will not be declared, paid or set aside for payment to the extent such act would cause us to fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations, including applicable capital adequacy rules. 
 
 Redemption 
 
 Optional Redemption 
 
 The Series A Preferred Stock is perpetual and has no maturity date. The Series A Preferred Stock is not subject to any mandatory redemption, sinking fund or other similar provisions. We may redeem the Series A Preferred Stock at our option, in whole or in part, from time to time, on any dividend payment date on or after the first reset date, at a redemption price equal to the stated amount of 1,000 per share (equivalent to 25.00 per depositary share), together (except as otherwise provided herein) with any declared and unpaid dividends, without regard to any undeclared dividends, to but excluding the redemption date. Neither the holders of Series A Preferred Stock nor holders of depositary shares have the right to require the redemption or repurchase of the Series A Preferred Stock, and should not expect such redemption or repurchase. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we may not redeem shares of the Series A Preferred Stock without having received the prior approval of the appropriate federal banking agency with respect to us, as defined in Section 3(q) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, or any successor provision (the appropriate federal banking agency ), if then required under capital rules applicable to us. Our appropriate federal banking agency is the Federal Reserve. 
 
 Redemption Following a Regulatory Capital Treatment Event 
 
 We may redeem shares of the Series A Preferred Stock at any time within 90 days following a regulatory capital treatment event, in whole but not in part, at a redemption price equal to 1,000 per share (equivalent to 25.00 per depositary share), together (except as otherwise provided herein) with any declared and unpaid dividends, without regard to any undeclared dividends, to but excluding the redemption date. Such redemption shall be subject to prior approval of the Federal Reserve, if the Series A Preferred Stock is capital for bank regulatory purposes or such approval is otherwise required. 

A regulatory capital treatment event means the good faith determination by the Company that, as a result of (i) any amendment to, or change in, the laws, rules or regulations of the United States (including, for avoidance of doubt, any agency or instrumentality of the United States, including the Federal Reserve and other federal bank regulatory agencies) or any political subdivision of or in the United States that is enacted or becomes effective after the initial issuance of any share of Series A Preferred Stock, (ii) any proposed change in those laws, rules or regulations that is announced or becomes effective after the initial issuance of any share of the Series A Preferred Stock, or (iii) any official administrative decision or judicial decision or administrative action or other official pronouncement interpreting or applying those laws, rules or regulations or policies with respect thereto that is announced after the initial issuance of any share of the Series A Preferred Stock, there is more than an insubstantial risk that the Company will not be entitled to treat the full stated amount of 1,000 per share of Series A Preferred Stock then outstanding as Tier 1 Capital (or its equivalent) as defined in 12 CFR 217.2 or any successor provision for purposes of the capital adequacy rules of the Federal Reserve (or, as and if applicable, the capital adequacy rules or regulations of any successor appropriate federal banking agency), as then in effect and applicable, for as long as any share of Series A Preferred Stock is outstanding. Dividends will cease to accrue on those shares on the redemption date. 
 
 Redemption Procedures 
 
 If shares of the Series A Preferred Stock are to be redeemed, the notice of redemption shall be given by first class mail, postage prepaid, addressed to the holders of record of the shares to be redeemed at their respective last addresses appearing on our books, mailed not less than 30 days nor more than 60 days prior to the date fixed for redemption thereof (provided that, if the Series A Preferred Stock or any depositary shares representing interests in the Series A Preferred Stock are held in book-entry form through DTC or any other similar facility, we may give such notice at such time and in any manner permitted by such facility). Any notice delivered as provided in this paragraph shall be conclusively presumed to have been duly given, whether or not the holder receives such notice, but failure duly to give such notice, or any defect in such notice or in the delivery thereof, to any holder of shares of Series A Preferred Stock designated for redemption shall not affect the validity of the proceedings for the redemption of any other shares of Series A Preferred Stock. Each notice of redemption will include a statement setting forth 
 
 the redemption date 
 the number of shares of the Series A Preferred Stock to be redeemed and, if less than all the shares held by the holder are to be redeemed, the number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock to be redeemed from the holder 
 the redemption price 
 the place or places where the certificates evidencing shares of Series A Preferred Stock are to be surrendered for payment of the redemption price, if the shares are issued in certificated form and 
 that dividends on such shares will cease to accrue on the redemption date. 
 
 If notice of redemption of any shares of Series A Preferred Stock has been duly given and if on or before the redemption date specified in the notice all funds necessary for such redemption have been irrevocably set aside by us separate and apart from our other assets, in trust for the pro rata benefit of the holders of any shares of Series A Preferred Stock so called for redemption so as to be and continue to be available therefor, then, notwithstanding that any certificate for any share so called for redemption has not been surrendered for cancellation in the case that the shares of Series A Preferred Stock are issued in certificated form, on and after the redemption date, unless we default in the payment of the redemption price of the shares of the Series A Preferred Stock called for redemption, dividends will cease to accrue on all shares of Series A Preferred Stock so called for redemption, and all such shares of Series A Preferred Stock so called for redemption shall no longer be deemed outstanding and all rights of the holders of such shares with respect to such shares will terminate, including rights described under Voting Rights below, except the right to receive the amount payable on such redemption, without interest. Any funds unclaimed at the end of two years from the redemption date, to the extent permitted by law, shall be released from the trust so established and may be commingled with our other funds, and after that time the holders of the shares so called for redemption shall look only to us for payment of the redemption price of such shares. See Description of the Depositary Shares below for information about redemption of the depositary shares relating to the Series A Preferred Stock. 

The redemption price for any shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall be payable on the redemption date to the holder of such shares against surrender of the certificate(s) evidencing such shares to us or our agent, if the shares of Series A Preferred Stock are issued in certificated form. Any declared but unpaid dividends payable on a redemption date that occurs subsequent to the applicable record date for a dividend period shall not be paid to the holder entitled to receive the redemption price on the redemption date, but rather shall be paid to the holder of record of the redeemed shares on such record date relating to the applicable dividend payment date. 
 
 In case of any redemption of only part of the shares of the Series A Preferred Stock at the time outstanding, the shares to be redeemed shall be selected pro rata or by lot. Subject to the provisions hereof (or, if the depositary shares are issued or held in book-entry form through DTC or another facility, in accordance with the procedures of such facility), our board of directors, or a duly authorized committee thereof, shall have full power and authority to prescribe the terms and conditions upon which shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall be redeemed from time to time. If we shall have issued certificates for the Series A Preferred Stock and fewer than all shares represented by any certificates are redeemed, new certificates shall be issued representing the unredeemed shares without charge to the holders thereof. 
 
 Under the Federal Reserve s current capital regulations applicable to bank holding companies, any redemption of the Series A Preferred Stock is subject to prior approval by the Federal Reserve and the Company must either replace the shares to be redeemed with an equal amount of Tier 1 Capital or additional Tier 1 Capital or demonstrate to the Federal Reserve that the Company will continue to hold capital commensurate with its risk. Any redemption of the Series A Preferred Stock is subject to our receipt of any required prior approval by the Federal Reserve and to the satisfaction of any conditions set forth by the Federal Reserve applicable to redemption of the Series A Preferred Stock. 
 
 The Series A Preferred Stock is not subject to any mandatory redemption, sinking fund or other similar provisions. Neither the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock nor the holders of the related depositary shares have the right to require the redemption or repurchase of the Series A Preferred Stock. 
 
 Liquidation Rights 
 
 In the event we liquidate, dissolve or wind-up our business and affairs, either voluntarily or involuntarily, before any distribution or payment out of our assets may be made to or set aside for the holders of any junior stock, holders of the Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to receive out of our assets legally available for distribution to our stockholders i.e. , after satisfaction of all our liabilities to creditors, if any) an amount equal to the stated amount of 1,000 per share (equivalent to 25.00 per depositary share), referred to herein as the liquidation preference, together with any declared and unpaid dividends, without regard to any undeclared dividends, to but excluding the date of such payment. Holders of the Series A Preferred Stock will not be entitled to any other amounts from us after they have received their full liquidating distribution. 
 
 In any such distribution, if the assets of the Company are not sufficient to pay the liquidation preference in full to all holders of the Series A Preferred Stock and all holders of any class or series of our stock that ranks on parity with the Series A Preferred Stock in the distribution of assets on liquidation, or the liquidation preference parity stock, the amounts paid to the holders of Series A Preferred Stock and to the holders of all liquidation preference parity stock will be paid pro rata in accordance with the respective aggregate liquidation preferences of the Series A Preferred Stock and all such liquidation preference parity stock. In any such distribution, the liquidation preference of any holder of our stock other than the Series A Preferred Stock means the amount otherwise payable to such holder in such distribution (assuming no limitation on our assets available for such distribution), including an amount equal to any declared but unpaid dividends in the case of any holder or stock on which dividends accrue on a noncumulative basis and, in the case of any holder of stock on which dividends accrue on a cumulative basis, an amount equal to any unpaid, accrued, cumulative dividends, whether or not earned or declared, as applicable. If the liquidation preference has been paid in full to all holders of Series A Preferred Stock and all holders of any liquidation preference parity stock, the holders of our junior stock will be entitled to receive all remaining assets of the Company according to their respective rights and preferences. 
 
 For purposes of this section, the merger, consolidation or other business combination of the Company with any other entity, including a transaction in which the holders of Series A Preferred Stock receive cash, securities or property for their shares, or the sale, lease, conveyance, transfer or exchange of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company for cash, securities or other property, shall not constitute a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company. 

Because we are a holding company, our rights and the rights of our creditors and our stockholders, including the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock, to participate in the distribution of assets of any of our subsidiaries upon that subsidiary s liquidation or recapitalization may be subject to the prior claims of that subsidiary s creditors, except to the extent that we are a creditor with recognized claims against the subsidiary. 
 
 Voting Rights 
 
 Except as provided below or otherwise required by law, the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock have no voting rights. 
 
 Right to Elect Two Directors upon Nonpayment of Dividends 
 
 If and whenever dividends payable on Series A Preferred Stock or any class or series of parity stock having voting rights equivalent to those described in this paragraph, referred to herein as voting parity stock, have not been declared and paid (or, in the case of voting parity stock bearing dividends on a cumulative basis, shall be in arrears) in an aggregate amount equal to full dividends for at least six quarterly dividend periods or their equivalent, whether or not consecutive, referred to herein as a nonpayment event, the number of directors on the board of directors shall automatically be increased by two and the holders of Series A Preferred Stock, together with the holders of any outstanding voting parity stock then entitled to vote for additional directors, voting together as a single class in proportion to their stated amounts, shall be entitled to elect by a vote of the holders of record of a plurality of the votes cast the two additional directors, referred to herein as the preferred stock directors provided that the election of any such directors shall not cause us to violate the corporate governance requirement of Nasdaq (or any other exchange on which our securities are listed), including that listed companies must have a majority of independent directors, and provided further that our board of directors shall at no time include more than two preferred stock directors (including, for purposes of this limitation, all directors that the holders of any series of voting preferred stock are entitled to elect pursuant to like voting rights). 
 
 The Certificate of Incorporation provides that the holders of Series A Preferred Stock and such other holders of voting parity stock may vote their shares cumulatively for the election of the preferred stock directors if the name of the candidate or candidates is placed in nomination prior to voting and at least one stockholder has given advance notice of his or her intention to cumulate his or her votes. Cumulative voting provides each stockholder with a number of votes equal to the number of preferred stock directors to be elected multiplied by the number of shares held by such stockholder, which such stockholder can then vote in favor of one or more candidates. 
 
 In the event that the holders of Series A Preferred Stock and such other holders of voting parity stock shall be entitled to vote for the election of the preferred stock directors following a nonpayment event, such directors shall be initially elected following such nonpayment event only at a special meeting called at the request of the holders of record of at least 10 of the stated amount of the Series A Preferred Stock and each other series of voting parity stock then outstanding (unless such request for a special meeting is received less than 90 days before the date fixed for the next annual or special meeting of our stockholders, in which event such election shall be held only at such next annual or special meeting of stockholders), and at each subsequent annual meeting of our stockholders. Such request to call a special meeting for the initial election of the preferred stock directors after a nonpayment event shall be made by written notice, signed by the requisite holders of Series A Preferred Stock or voting parity stock, and delivered to our Corporate Secretary in such manner as provided for in the Certificate of Designation, or as may otherwise be required or permitted by applicable law. If we fail to call a special meeting for the election of the preferred stock directors within 20 days of receiving proper notice, any holder of Series A Preferred Stock or voting parity stock may call such a meeting at our expense solely for the election of the preferred stock directors, and for this purpose and no other (unless provided otherwise by applicable law) such preferred stockholder shall have access to our stock ledger. 

Any preferred stock director may be removed at any time without cause by the holders of record of a majority of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock and voting parity stock, voting together as a single class in proportion to their respective stated amounts, except that, in the event of cumulative voting, no preferred stock director may be removed without cause if the votes cast against his or her removal would be sufficient to elect him or her if then cumulatively voted at an election of the preferred stock directors. The preferred stock directors elected at a special meeting shall hold office until the next annual meeting of the stockholders if such office shall not have previously terminated as described below. In case any vacancy shall occur among the preferred stock directors, a successor shall be elected by our board of directors to serve until the next annual meeting of the stockholders on the nomination of the then remaining preferred stock director or, if no preferred stock director remains in office, by the outstanding Series A Preferred Stock and such voting parity stock for which dividends have not been paid, voting as a single class in proportion to their respective stated amounts, provided that the election of any such directors shall not cause us to violate the corporate governance requirement of Nasdaq (or any other exchange on which our securities are listed), including that listed companies must have a majority of independent directors. If elected by stockholders, the successor shall be elected by a plurality of the votes cast. Any such vote of stockholders to remove, or to fill a vacancy in the office of, a preferred stock director may be taken only at a special meeting of such stockholders, called as provided above for an initial election of a preferred stock director after a nonpayment event (unless such request is received less than 90 days before the date fixed for the next annual or special meeting of the stockholders, in which event such election shall be held at such next annual or special meeting of stockholders). The preferred stock directors shall each be entitled to one vote per director on any matter that shall come before our board of directors for a vote. 
 
 When (i) dividends have been paid (or declared and a sum sufficient for payment thereof set aside) in full on the Series A Preferred Stock on four consecutive dividend payment dates following a nonpayment event and (ii) the rights of holders of any voting parity stock to participate in electing the preferred stock directors shall have ceased, the right of holders of the Series A Preferred Stock to participate in the election of preferred stock directors shall cease (but subject always to the revesting of such voting rights in the case of any future nonpayment event), the terms of office of all the preferred stock directors shall immediately terminate, and the number of directors constituting our board of directors shall automatically be reduced accordingly. In determining whether dividends have been paid for at least four consecutive quarterly dividend periods following a nonpayment event, we may take account of any dividend we elect to pay for any dividend period after the regular dividend payment date for that period has passed. 
 
 In addition, if and when the rights of holders of Series A Preferred Stock terminate for any reason, including under circumstances described above under Redemption , such voting rights shall terminate along with the other rights (except, if applicable, the right to receive the redemption price, together with any declared and unpaid dividends, without regard to any undeclared dividends, to but excluding the redemption date) and the terms of any additional directors elected by the holders of Series A Preferred Stock and any voting parity stock shall terminate automatically and the number of directors reduced by two, assuming that the rights of holders of voting parity stock have similarly terminated. 
 
 Under regulations adopted by the Federal Reserve, if the holders of any series of preferred stock (including the Series A Preferred Stock) are or become entitled to vote for the election of directors, such series, along with any other holders of stock that are entitled to vote for the election of directors with that series, will be deemed a class of voting securities. A company that either holds 25 or more of that class or less than 25 of such class if it otherwise exercises a controlling influence (as described in Federal Reserve Regulation Y) over us, will be subject to regulation as a bank holding company under the BHC Act. In addition, at the time the series is deemed a class of voting securities, any other bank holding company will be required to obtain the prior approval of the Federal Reserve under the BHC Act to acquire or retain more than 5 of that class. Any other person (other than a bank holding company) will be required to obtain the non-objection of the Federal Reserve under the Change in Bank Control Act of 1978, as amended, to acquire or retain 10 or more of that class. 

Other Voting Rights 
 
 So long as any shares of Series A Preferred Stock remain outstanding, in addition to any other vote or consent of stockholders required by law or our Certificate of Incorporation, the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of at least two-thirds of all outstanding shares of the Series A Preferred Stock will be necessary to 
 
 amend or alter our Certificate of Incorporation to authorize or increase the authorized amount of, or issue shares of, any class or series of our capital stock ranking senior to the Series A Preferred Stock in the payment of dividends or in the distribution of assets on any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, or issue any obligation or security convertible into or evidencing the right to purchase any such shares 
 amend, alter or repeal the provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation so as to materially and adversely affect the powers, preferences, privileges or rights of the Series A Preferred Stock, taken as a whole or 
 consummate (i) a binding share-exchange or reclassification involving the Series A Preferred Stock or (ii) the merger, consolidation or other business combination of the Company with any other entity, including a transaction in which the holders of Series A Preferred Stock receive cash, securities or property for their shares, or the sale, lease, conveyance, transfer or exchange of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company for cash, securities or other property, unless in each case (A) the shares of the Series A Preferred Stock remain outstanding or, in the case of any such merger or consolidation with respect to which we are not the surviving or resulting entity, the Series A Preferred Stock is converted into or exchanged for preference securities of the surviving or resulting entity or its ultimate parent and (B) such shares remaining outstanding or such preference securities, as the case may be, have such powers, preferences and rights, and such qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, taken as a whole, as are not materially less favorable to the holders thereof than the powers, preferences and rights, and the qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, of the Series A Preferred Stock immediately prior to such consummation, taken as a whole. 
 
 Without the consent of the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock, so long as such action does not adversely affect the powers, preferences or rights of the Series A Preferred Stock, we may amend, alter, supplement or repeal any terms of the Series A Preferred Stock 
 
 to cure any ambiguity, or to cure, correct or supplement any provision contained in the Certificate of Designation for the Series A Preferred Stock that may be defective or inconsistent or 
 to make any provision with respect to matters or questions arising with respect to the Series A Preferred Stock that is not inconsistent with the provisions of the Certificate of Designation. 
 
 The foregoing voting provisions do not apply if, at or prior to the time when the act with respect to which such vote would otherwise be required shall be effected, all outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall have been redeemed or called for redemption on proper notice and sufficient funds have been set aside by us for the benefit of the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock to effect the redemption. 
 
 Voting Rights under Delaware Law 
 
 Delaware law provides that the holders of preferred stock have the right to vote separately as a class on any amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation that would increase or decrease the aggregate number of authorized shares of such class, increase or decrease the par value of the shares of such class, or alter or change the powers, preferences, or special rights of the shares of such class so as to affect them adversely. If any such proposed amendment would alter or change the powers, preferences or special rights of one or more series of preferred stock so as to affect them adversely, but would not so affect the entire class of preferred stock, only the shares of the series so affected shall be considered a separate class for purposes of this vote on the amendment. This right is in addition to any voting rights that may be provided for in our Certificate of Incorporation. 

Other Preferred Stock 
 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation authorizes our board of directors to create and provide for the issuance of one or more series of preferred stock, par value 0.01 per share, without the approval of our stockholders. Our board of directors or a duly authorized committee thereof can also determine the terms, including the designations, powers, preferences and rights (including conversion, voting and other rights) and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions, of any preferred stock. Our Certificate of Incorporation authorizes 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.01 per share, which may be designated and issued in one or more series. 
 
 Depositary Agent, Transfer Agent and Registrar 
 
 Equiniti Trust Company is the depositary and transfer agent and registrar for the Series A Preferred Stock. We may, in our sole discretion, remove the depositary in accordance with the agreement between us and the depositary provided that we will use our best efforts to ensure that there is, at all relevant times when the Series A Preferred Stock is outstanding, a person or entity appointed and serving as transfer agent and or registrar. The transfer agent and or registrar may be a person or entity affiliated with us. 
 
 Calculation Agent 
 
 Unless we have validly called all shares of the Series A Preferred Stock for redemption on the first reset date, we will appoint a calculation agent for the Series A Preferred Stock prior to the commencement of a reset period. We may appoint ourselves or an affiliate of ours as the calculation agent. We may terminate any such appointment and may appoint a successor calculation agent at any time and from time to time. 
 
 Preemptive and Conversion Rights 
 
 The holders of the Series A Preferred Stock do not have any preemptive rights. The Series A Preferred Stock is not convertible into or exchangeable for property or shares of any other series or class of our capital stock. 
 
 Governing Law 
 
 The Series A Preferred Stock is governed by Delaware Law. 

DESCRIPTION OF THE DEPOSITARY SHARES 
 
 The following description summarizes specific terms and provisions of the depositary shares relating to the Series A Preferred Stock. The following summary of the terms and provisions of the depositary shares does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the pertinent sections of the deposit agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 6, 2022, and the applicable provisions of the DGCL. 
 
 General 
 
 As described above under Description of the Series A Preferred Stock , we issued depositary shares representing proportional fractional interests in shares of the Series A Preferred Stock. Each depositary share represents a 1 40th ownership interest in a share of Series A Preferred Stock and is evidenced by depositary receipts. We deposited the underlying shares of the Series A Preferred Stock with a depositary pursuant to a deposit agreement among us, Equiniti Trust Company, acting as depositary, and the holders from time to time of the depositary receipts evidencing the depositary shares, referred to herein as the Deposit Agreement. Subject to the terms of the Deposit Agreement, each holder of a depositary share is entitled, through the depositary, in proportion to the applicable fraction of a share of Series A Preferred Stock represented by such depositary share, to all the rights and preferences of the Series A Preferred Stock represented thereby (including dividend, voting, redemption and liquidation rights). 

References to holders of depositary shares mean those who own depositary shares registered in their own names on the books that we or the depositary maintain for this purpose, and not indirect holders who own beneficial interests in depositary shares registered in street name or issued in book-entry form through DTC. 
 
 Amendment and Termination of the Deposit Agreement 
 
 We may amend the form of depositary receipt evidencing the depositary shares and any provision of the Deposit Agreement at any time and from time to time by agreement with the depositary without the consent of the holders of depositary receipts. However, any amendment that will materially and adversely alter the rights of the holders of depositary receipts will not be effective unless the holders of at least two-thirds of the affected depositary shares then outstanding approve the amendment. Every holder of an outstanding depositary receipt at the time any such amendment becomes effective shall be deemed, by continuing to hold such depositary receipts, to consent and agree to such amendment and to be bound by the Deposit Agreement as amended thereby. 
 
 We will make no amendment that impairs the right of any holder of depositary shares to receive shares of the Series A Preferred Stock and any money or other property represented by those depositary shares, except in order to comply with mandatory provisions of applicable law or the rules and regulations of any governmental body, agency, or commission, or applicable securities exchange. 
 
 The Deposit Agreement may be terminated 
 
 if all outstanding depositary shares have been redeemed pursuant to the Deposit Agreement 
 if there shall have been a final distribution made in respect of the Series A Preferred Stock in connection with any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company and such distribution shall have been distributed to the holders of depositary receipts representing depositary shares pursuant to the terms of the Deposit Agreement or 
 upon the consent of holders of depositary receipts representing in the aggregate not less than two-thirds of the depositary shares outstanding. 
 
 We may terminate the Deposit Agreement at any time, and the depositary will give notice of that termination to the holders of all outstanding depositary receipts not less than 30 days before the termination date. In that event, the depositary will deliver or make available for delivery to holders of depositary shares, upon surrender of the depositary receipts evidencing the depositary shares, the number of whole or fractional shares of the Series A Preferred Stock as are represented by those depositary shares. 
 
 Dividends and Other Distributions 
 
 Each dividend payable on a depositary share will be in an amount equal to 1 40th of the dividend declared and payable on the related share of the Series A Preferred Stock. 
 
 The depositary will distribute any cash dividends or other cash distributions received in respect of the deposited Series A Preferred Stock to the record holders of depositary shares relating to the underlying Series A Preferred Stock in proportion to the number of depositary shares held by the holders. If the Company makes a distribution other than in cash, the depositary will distribute any property received by it to the record holders of depositary shares entitled to those distributions, unless it determines that the distribution cannot be made proportionally among those holders or that it is not feasible to make a distribution. In that event, the depositary may, with our approval, sell the property and distribute the net proceeds from the sale to the holders of the depositary shares. 
 
 Record dates for the payment of dividends and other matters relating to the depositary shares will be the same as the corresponding record dates for the Series A Preferred Stock. 
 
 The amounts distributed to holders of depositary shares will be reduced by any amounts required to be withheld by the depositary or by us on account of taxes or other governmental charges. The depositary may refuse to make any payment or distribution, or any transfer, exchange or withdrawal of any depositary shares or the shares of the Series A Preferred Stock until such taxes or other governmental charges are paid. 

Redemption of Depositary Shares 
 
 If we redeem the Series A Preferred Stock represented by the depositary shares, the depositary shares will be redeemed from the proceeds received by the depositary resulting from the redemption of the Series A Preferred Stock held by the depositary. The redemption price per depositary share is expected to be equal to 1 40th of the redemption price per share payable with respect to the Series A Preferred Stock (or 25.00 per depositary share), plus any declared and unpaid dividends, without regard to any undeclared dividends, to, but excluding, the redemption date, on the shares of the Series A Preferred Stock. 
 
 Whenever we redeem shares of Series A Preferred Stock held by the depositary, the depositary will redeem, as of the same redemption date, the number of depositary shares representing shares of Series A Preferred Stock so redeemed. If less than all of the outstanding depositary shares are redeemed, the depositary will select the depositary shares to be redeemed pro rata or by lot. In any case, the depositary will redeem the depositary shares only in increments of 40 depositary shares and any integral multiple thereof. The depositary will provide notice of redemption to record holders of the depositary receipts not less than 30 and not more than 60 days prior to the date fixed for redemption of the Series A Preferred Stock and the related depositary shares. 
 
 Voting of the Series A Preferred Stock 
 
 Because each depositary share represents a 1 40th interest in a share of the Series A Preferred Stock, holders of depositary receipts are entitled to 1 40th of a vote per depositary share under those limited circumstances in which holders of the Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to a vote, as described above in Description of the Series A Preferred Stock Voting Rights . 
 
 When the depositary receives notice of any meeting at which the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to vote, the depositary will mail (or otherwise transmit by an authorized method) the information contained in the notice to the record holders of the depositary shares relating to the Series A Preferred Stock. Each record holder of the depositary shares on the record date, which will be the same date as the record date for the Series A Preferred Stock, may instruct the depositary to vote the amount of the Series A Preferred Stock represented by the holder s depositary shares. To the extent possible, the depositary will vote the amount of the Series A Preferred Stock represented by depositary shares in accordance with the instructions it receives. We will agree to take all reasonable actions that the depositary determines are necessary to enable the depositary to vote as instructed. If the depositary does not receive specific instructions from the holders of any depositary shares representing the Series A Preferred Stock, it will vote all depositary shares held by it proportionately with instructions received. 
 
 Depositary Agent, Transfer Agent and Registrar 
 
 Equiniti Trust Company is the depositary, transfer agent and registrar for the depositary shares. We may, in our sole discretion, remove the depositary in accordance with the agreement between us and the depositary provided that we will appoint a successor depositary who will accept such appointment prior to the effectiveness of the prior depositary s removal. 
 
 Form and Notices 
 
 The Series A Preferred Stock are issued in registered form to the depositary, and the depositary shares are issued in book-entry form through DTC. The depositary will forward to the holders of the depositary shares all reports, notices, and communications from us that are delivered to the depositary and that we are required to furnish to the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock. 
 
 Listing of Depositary Shares 
 
 The depositary shares are listed on Nasdaq under the symbol PACWP. We have agreed to use reasonable best efforts to maintain the listing of the depositary shares on Nasdaq. 

</EX-4.4>

<EX-10.1>
 5
 a12312210-kexhibit1011.htm
 EX-10.1

Document 
 Exhibit 10.11 

PACWEST BANCORP 
 
 PACWEST BANCORP EMPLOYEE SEVERANCE PLAN 
 EFFECTIVE FEBRUARY 12, 2020 
 ______________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 ARTICLE 1 NAME, PURPOSE AND EFFECTIVE DATE OF PLAN 
 1.1 Name and Purpose of Plan . The Plan shall be known as the PacWest Bancorp Employee Severance Plan (the Plan ). The purpose of this Plan is to provide severance benefits to employees of the Company who experience an Employment Loss on or after the Effective Date. This Plan document also serves as a summary plan description. 
 1.2 Effective Date . The Plan became effective on February 12, 2020 (the Effective Date ). As of the Effective Date, the Employee Severance Pay Plan Policy was terminated and of no further force or effect provided that any individuals who, as of the Effective Date, had been notified in writing of their right to receive severance benefits under the prior plan or who were already receiving severance benefits under the prior plan shall continue to receive severance benefits in accordance with the prior plan. 
 ARTICLE 2 ELIGIBILITY AND BENEFITS 
 2.1 Eligibility . Employees eligible to participate in the Plan (each, a Participant must be employed on a salaried or hourly basis and have completed at least three (3) months of continuous service with the Company at the time of the Employment Loss. Any person who is classified by the Company as a temporary or seasonal employee or who is employed through an agency is not eligible to participate in the Plan, nor is any person who is classified as an independent contractor and, accordingly, these individuals are excluded from the Plan. 
 2.2 Employment Loss . A Participant shall receive or be eligible to receive the severance benefits described in Section 2.3 if the Participant experiences a termination of employment, initiated by the Company, that, in the Administrator s sole discretion, resulted directly from changes in the Company s business needs, operations or organizations, including reorganizations, staffing changes, job eliminations and reductions in work force (an Employment Loss ). Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Participant who has been notified in writing of an impending Employment Loss will not be eligible to receive severance benefits under this Plan if prior to the date of the Employment Loss 
 (a) the Participant refuses or fails to perform an assignment or engages in conduct that may adversely affect the Company s reputation or business relations or breaches any written restrictive covenant agreement between the Participant and the Company or other restrictive covenant obligations owed to the Company 
 (b) the Participant s employment is terminated for cause or due to the Participant s death or disability or the Participant voluntarily terminates his or her employment or 
 (c) the Participant accepts another position with the Company or a successor thereto or rejects an offer of employment for a comparable position with the Company or a successor thereto. A position will generally be deemed comparable if the position (i) has job responsibilities and skill requirements that are similar to the Participant s previous position and requires limited additional training to perform competently (ii) is within 25 miles from the Participant s work location at the time of the Employment Loss and (iii) has a total target cash compensation opportunity of at least 80 of the Participant s total target cash compensation opportunity at the time of the Employment Loss 
 in each case, as determined by the Administrator in his her sole discretion. 

2.3 Severance Benefits . Subject to the terms of the Plan, a Participant who meets the requirements in Section 2.2 shall receive or be eligible to receive 
 (a) Basic Severance Benefit . A lump sum cash severance payment equal to one pay period based on the Participant s Weekly Base Pay (the Basic Severance Benefit and 
 (b) Supplemental Severance Benefit . Subject to the conditions set forth in Section 2.5, a lump sum cash severance payment equal to the sum of (i) four (4) weeks of Weekly Base Pay and (ii) one (1) week of Weekly Base Pay for each full Year of Service (the Supplemental Severance Benefit subject to the minimums based on job grade designation set forth in the table below 
 Job Grade Designation Minimum Weeks of Weekly Base Pay for Supplemental Severance Benefits Grades 21 and below 4 Grade 22-24 12 Grades 25 and above 16 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company reserves the right to depart from the calculation for determining the amount of the Supplemental Severance Benefit when a Participant s attendance, job performance or other job-related conduct justifies an upward or downward adjustment in the Supplemental Severance Benefit. The Company will treat like cases similarly. 
 
 (c) Outplacement Services. Additionally, subject to the conditions set forth in Section 2.5, the Administrator may, in his her sole discretion, offer outplacement services to Participants in grades 25 and above. The Administrator has sole discretion to determine the kind, nature, quality and cost of outplacement services to be offered, if any. 
 2.4 No Duplication of Benefits . If, pursuant to an Other Company Agreement between a Participant and the Company, a Participant is eligible to receive cash severance under such agreement in an amount that exceeds the cash severance payable under this Article 2, such Participant s right to cash severance shall instead be governed by the terms of such Other Company Agreement and no amount shall be payable under the Plan. In any other circumstances that would lead to the duplication of benefits, the Administrator also has the power to reduce or eliminate severance benefits provided under the Plan to ensure there is no duplication of benefits. 
 2.5 Release . To receive the Supplemental Severance Benefit and, if applicable, any offered outplacement services, the eligible Participant must sign, return and not revoke a general release of claims in favor of the Company (the Release in substantially the form typically used by the Company. Such Release will include, in the sole discretion of the Administrator, obligations of the eligible Participant to protect the Company and its Employees. The Release must be executed by the Participant and become effective and not be revoked by the Participant by the 55 th day after the Participant s date of Employment Loss. If the Release does not become effective or is revoked within such timeframe, the Participant will not be entitled to receive the Supplemental Severance Benefit or any outplacement services. 
 2 

2.6 Statement of Severance Benefits . Each Participant who experiences an Employment Loss will receive a personalized statement showing the calculation of his or her Basic Severance Benefit. Each such Participant will also receive a personalized statement showing the amount of his or her Supplemental Severance Benefit at the time the Administrator provides the Participant with the Release. 
 2.7 Time and Form of Payment . The Basic Severance Benefit will be paid by either a check or a direct deposit in the same manner as the Participant received his or her paycheck when employed as soon as reasonably practicable (and no later than ten (10) business days) following the date of the Participant s Employment Loss). The Supplemental Severance Benefit will be paid to the Participant in one lump sum as soon as administratively practicable following the date on which the Release becomes effective and irrevocable, but in no event later than the first to occur of (i) thirty (30) business days after the Release becomes effective and irrevocable and (ii) March 15th of the calendar year following the calendar year during which the Participant experienced the Employment Loss. If the review period described in the Release spans two (2) taxable years, the payment will be made in the later of the two years, regardless of the year in which the Release is signed. 
 2.8 Withholding . The Company shall have the right to deduct from all payments hereunder any taxes required by applicable federal, state or local law to be withheld therefrom. 
 2.9 Payment of Severance Benefits upon a Participant s Death . If a Participant dies after having satisfied all requirements to receive severance benefits, any severance benefits not already paid to him or her will be distributed to his or her legal successor, if not prohibited by law. 
 2.10 Effect of Severance Payments on Other Benefits . All other employee benefits cease and all employee benefit accruals will end on a Participant s date of Employment Loss unless the terms of an employee benefit plan provide otherwise. Payments to a Participant under any employee benefit plan are governed solely by that plan. 
 ARTICLE 3 ADMINISTRATION OF THE PLAN 
 3.1 Administration . The Administrator shall have the exclusive right, power and authority, in his her sole discretion, to determine conclusively all questions arising in connection with the administration, interpretation and application of the Plan. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrator shall have the sole and absolute discretionary authority to 
 (a) take all actions and make all decisions (including factual decisions) with respect to the eligibility for, and the amount of, benefits payable under the Plan 
 (b) formulate, interpret and apply rules, regulations and policies necessary to administer the Plan 
 (c) decide all questions relating to the calculation and payment of benefits, and all other determinations made, under the Plan 
 (d) resolve and or clarify any factual or other ambiguities, inconsistencies and omissions arising under the Plan or other Plan documents and 
 (e) process, and approve or deny, benefit claims and rule on any benefit exclusions. 
 Any and all interpretations and determinations by the Administrator under the Plan shall be final, conclusive and binding upon all persons. The Administrator may allocate, designate and appoint other persons or entities to carry out any of the Administrator s duties and responsibilities under the Plan. 
 3 

3.2 Amendments and Termination . The Company reserves the right to, at any time and without prior notice, amend or terminate the Plan provided that Participants who have been notified in writing of an Employment Loss prior to any amendment or termination of the Plan will not have their severance benefits reduced as a result of such amendment or termination. 
 3.3 Governing Law . Except to the extent pre-empted by ERISA or other applicable federal law, the laws of the State of California will be the controlling law in all matters relating to this Plan, regardless of the choice-of-law rules of the State of California or any other jurisdiction. 
 3.4 Successors Assigns . The terms and conditions of the Plan shall be binding on the successors and assigns of the Company (including successors and assigns by operation of law). Benefits under the Plan may not be assigned by the Participant. 
 3.5 Arbitration . Any controversy or claim between an Employee and the Company arising out of or relating to or concerning this Plan and any dispute regarding such Employee s employment or the termination thereof or any dispute regarding the application, interpretation or validity of this Plan (each, an Employment Matter will be finally settled by arbitration in a location determined by the Employee (which location must be located within the county in which the Employee primarily works) and administered by the American Arbitration Association (the AAA under its Commercial Arbitration Rules then in effect. In the event of any conflict between this Plan and the rules of the American Arbitration Association, the provisions of this Plan will be determinative. If the parties are unable to agree upon an arbitrator, they will select a single arbitrator from a list of seven (7) arbitrators designated by the office of the American Arbitrator Association having responsibility for the location selected by the Employee, all of whom will be retired judges who are actively involved in hearing private cases or members of the National Academy of Arbitrators, and who, in either event, are residents of such forum. If the parties are unable to agree upon an arbitrator from such list, they will each strike names alternatively from the list, with the first to strike being determined by lot. After each party has used three strikes, the remaining name on the list will be the arbitrator. The AAA s Commercial Arbitration Rules will be modified in the following ways (i) each arbitrator will agree to treat as confidential evidence and other information presented to them, (ii) there will be no authority to award punitive damages, (iii) there will be no authority to amend or modify the terms of the Plan and (iv) a decision must be rendered within ten (10) business days of the parties closing statements or submission of post-hearing briefs. To the extent permitted by law, the Company will pay or reimburse any reasonable expenses, including reasonable attorney s fees, incurred by the Employee as a result of any Employment Matter provided that if such expenses are not reimbursed in connection with a dispute that is exempt from Section 409A of the Code pursuant to Treas. Reg. 1.409A-1(b)(11), then such payment will be made by the Company to such Employee no later than the 30 th calendar day following the date on which the dispute was resolved. The Employee or the Company may bring an action or special proceeding in a state or federal court of competent jurisdiction sitting in Los Angeles County, California or such other jurisdiction as the Employee may determine in his or her discretion to enforce any arbitration award under this Section 3.5. 
 3.6 No Right to Continued Employment . Nothing in this Plan shall affect the at-will employment status of any Employee. 
 4 

3.7 Section 409A . To the fullest extent applicable, severance and any other benefits payable under the Plan are intended to be exempt from the definition of nonqualified deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Code (together with the applicable regulations thereunder, Section 409A ). To the extent that any such amount or benefit is or becomes subject to Section 409A due to a failure to qualify for an exemption from the definition of nonqualified deferred compensation under Section 409A, the Plan is intended to comply with the applicable requirements of Section 409A with respect to such amounts or benefits. The Plan shall be interpreted and administered to the extent possible in a manner consistent with the foregoing statement of intent. An Employment Loss shall not be deemed to have occurred for purposes of any provision of this Plan providing for payment of amounts that constitute nonqualified deferred compensation unless or until such Employment Loss is also a separation from service from the Company within the meaning of Section 409A. Notwithstanding anything contained in the Plan to the contrary, whenever a payment under the Plan may be paid within a specified period or on a specified date, the actual date of payment within the specified period or based on such date shall be within the Company s sole discretion, so long as the payment is made within a period permitted under Section 409A (as determined by the Company). For purposes of Section 409A, each payment made under this Agreement will be treated as a separate payment. In no event may the Employee, directly or indirectly, designate the calendar year of payment. 
 ARTICLE 4 DEFINITIONS 
 4.1 Administrator means the Executive Vice President of Human Resources, or such other person(s) or committee appointed from time to time by the Compensation, Nominating and Governance Committee to administer the Plan. 
 4.2 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 4.3 Company means, collectively, PacWest Bancorp and its subsidiaries and any successors thereto. 
 4.4 ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended. 
 4.5 Employee means any person employed by the Company. 
 4.6 Other Company Agreement means an employment agreement or other similar agreement with the Company (regardless of form) and any other plan, policy or arrangement with the Company. 
 4.7 Weekly Base Pay means the Participant s base salary or wage rate at the time the Participant was notified in writing of the Employment Loss or at the time of the Employment Loss, whichever is greater, expressed as a weekly salary. For the avoidance of doubt, Weekly Base Pay excludes commissions, bonuses, overtime and any other extra lump sum compensation or payments provided to a Participant. 
 4.8 Years of Service means the total number of consecutive twelve-month periods of service of a Participant based upon the Participant s most recent date of hire or date of rehire, as applicable, through the date of the Participant s Employment Loss. A partial year shall not be counted as a Year of Service. 
 5 

ARTICLE 5 CLAIMS FOR BENEFITS UNDER THE PLAN 
 5.1 Claims for Benefits under the Plan . If an Employee or former Employee believes he or she should have been eligible to participate in the Plan or disputes the amount of benefits received under the Plan, such individual may submit a claim for benefits in writing to the Administrator within 60 days after the individual s termination of employment. If such claim for benefits is wholly or partially denied, the Administrator will, within a reasonable period of time, but no later than 90 days after receipt of the written claim, notify the individual of the denial of the claim. If an extension of time for processing the claim is required, the Administrator may take up to an additional 90 days provided that the Administrator sends the individual written notice of the extension before the expiration of the original 90-day period. The notice provided to the individual will describe why an extension is required and when a decision is expected to be made. If a claim is wholly or partially denied, the denial notice (1) will be in writing, (2) will be written in a manner calculated to be understood by the individual and (3) will contain (a) the reasons for the denial, including specific reference to those Plan provisions on which the denial is based (b) a description of any additional information necessary to complete the claim and an explanation of why such information is necessary (c) an explanation of the steps to be taken to appeal the adverse determination and (d) a statement of the individual s right to request arbitration as set forth in Section 3.5, in lieu of bringing a civil action under Section 502(a) of ERISA, following an adverse decision after appeal. The Administrator will have full discretion to deny or grant a claim in whole or in part. If notice of denial of a claim is not furnished in accordance with this section, the claim will be deemed denied and the claimant will be permitted to exercise his or her rights to review pursuant to Sections 5.2 and 5.3. 
 5.2 Right to Request Review of Benefit Denial . Within 60 days of the individual s receipt of the written notice of denial of the claim, the individual may file a written request for a review of the denial of the individual s claim for benefits. In connection with the individual s appeal of the denial of his or her benefits, the individual may submit comments, records, documents or other information supporting the appeal, regardless of whether such information was considered in the prior benefits decision. Upon request and free of charge, the individual will be provided reasonable access to and copies of all documents, records and other information relevant to the claim. 
 5.3 Disposition of Claim . The Administrator will deliver to the individual a written decision on the claim promptly, but not later than 60 days after the receipt of the individual s written request for review, except that if there are special circumstances which require an extension of time for processing, the 60-day period will be extended to 120 days provided that the appeal reviewer sends written notice of the extension before the expiration of the original 60-day period. If the appeal is wholly or partially denied, the denial notice will (1) be written in a manner calculated to be understood by the individual, (2) contain references to the specific Plan provision(s) upon which the decision was based, (3) contain a statement that, upon request and free of charge, the individual will be provided reasonable access to and copies of all documents, records and other information relevant to the claim for benefits and (4) contain a statement of the individual s right to request arbitration as set forth in Section 3.5, in lieu of bringing a civil action under Section 502(a) of ERISA. 
 5.4 Exhaustion . An individual must exhaust the Plan s claims procedures prior to proceeding with arbitration as set forth in Section 3.5 of the Plan. 
 
 6 

Plan Name PacWest Bancorp Employee Severance Plan Name, Address and Telephone Number of Plan Sponsor PacWest Bancorp 5050 S. Syracuse Circle Suite 1000 Denver, CO 80237 
 (720) 617-4980 
 Plan Sponsor s I.D. No. (EIN) 33-0885320 Plan Number 501 Type of Plan The Plan is a welfare benefit plan that provides severance benefits Type of Administration The Plan is administered by the Company Name, Address and Telephone Number of Plan Administrator PacWest Bancorp 5050 S. Syracuse Circle Suite 1000 Denver, CO 80237 
 (720) 617-4980 
 Agent for Service of Legal Process PacWest Bancorp c o General Counsel 5050 S. Syracuse Circle Suite 1000 Denver, CO 80237 Plan Year January 1 December 31 
 7 

STATEMENT OF ERISA RIGHTS 
 The following statement is required by federal law and regulations 
 As a participant in the PacWest Bancorp Employee Severance Plan you are entitled to certain rights and protections under ERISA. ERISA provides that all Participants shall be entitled to 
 Receive Information About Your Plan and Benefits 
 Examine, without charge, at the Plan Administrator s office and at other specified locations, all documents governing the Plan, including a copy of the latest annual report (Form 5500 Series) filed by the Plan with the U.S. Department of Labor and available at the Public Disclosure Room of the Employee Benefits Security Administration. 
 Obtain, upon written request to the Plan Administrator, copies of documents governing the operation of the Plan, including copies of the latest annual report (Form 5500 Series) and updated summary plan description. The Plan Administrator may make a reasonable charge for the copies. 
 Receive a summary of the Plan s annual Form 5500. The Plan Administrator is required by law to furnish each Participant with a copy of this summary annual report. 
 Prudent Actions by Plan Fiduciaries 
 In addition to creating rights for Plan Participants, ERISA imposes duties upon the people who are responsible for the operation of the Plan. The people who operate the Plan, called fiduciaries of the Plan, have a duty to do so prudently and in the interest of you and other Plan Participants and beneficiaries. No one, including the Company or any other person, may terminate your employment or otherwise discriminate against you in any way to prevent you from obtaining a Plan benefit or exercising your rights under ERISA. 
 Enforce Your Rights 
 If your claim for a Plan benefit is denied or ignored, in whole or in part, you have a right to know why this was done, to obtain copies of documents relating to the decision without charge, and to appeal any denial, all within certain time schedules. 
 Under ERISA, there are steps you can take to enforce the above rights. For instance, if you request a copy of Plan documents or the latest annual report from the Plan and do not receive them within 30 days, you may file suit in a Federal court. In such a case, the court may require the Plan Administrator to provide the materials and pay you up to 110 a day until you receive the materials, unless the materials were not sent because of reasons beyond the control of the Plan Administrator. If you have a claim for benefits which is denied or ignored, in whole or in part, and if you have exhausted the internal claims procedures available to you under the Plan (discussed in Article 5 above) you may file suit in a state or Federal court. If it should happen that Plan fiduciaries misuse the Plan s money, or if you are discriminated against for asserting your rights, you may seek assistance from the U.S. Department of Labor, or you may file suit in a Federal court. The court will decide who should pay court costs and legal fees. If you are successful the court may order the person you have sued to pay these costs and fees. If you lose, the court may order you to pay these costs and fees, for example, if it finds your claim is frivolous. 
 8 

Assistance with Your Questions 
 If you have any questions about the Plan, you should contact the Plan Administrator. If you have any questions about this statement or about your rights under ERISA, or if you need assistance in obtaining documents from the Plan Administrator, you should contact the nearest office of the Employee Benefits Security Administration, U.S. Department of Labor, listed in your telephone directory or the Division of Technical Assistance and Inquiries, Employee Benefits Security Administration, U.S. Department of Labor, 200 Constitution Avenue N.W., Washington, D.C. 20210. You may also obtain certain publications about your rights and responsibilities under ERISA by calling the publications hotline of the Employee Benefits Security Administration. 
 
 9 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.6>
 6
 a12312210-kexhibit106.htm
 EX-10.6

Document 
 Exhibit 10.6 

 PACWEST BANCORP STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 
 _________ 
 1. Definitions. Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the Amended and Restated PacWest Bancorp 2017 Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan shall have the same defined meanings in this Stock Unit Award Agreement Agreement and the Notice of Stock Unit Award Grant attached hereto as Appendix A. 
 2. Grant of Stock Unit Award. Pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in the Notice of Stock Unit Award Grant, this Agreement, and the Plan, PacWest Bancorp (the Company grants to the grantee named in the Notice of Stock Unit Award Grant Grantee on the date of grant set forth in the Notice of Stock Unit Award Grant Date of Grant the number of Units set forth in the Notice of Stock Unit Award Grant. This Stock Unit Award is intended to be a Performance Stock Unit Award, and each Unit shall represent an unfunded, unsecure promise by the Company to deliver you one share of Common Stock for each Unit that vests. 
 3. Vesting. The Grantee shall vest in the Units in accordance with the vesting schedule provided for in the Notice of Stock Unit Award Grant provided, however, that the Grantee shall cease vesting in the Units on the Grantee s Termination Date or the date on which the Compensation Committee of the Company s Board of Directors (the Administrator determines that the performance goals provided for in the Notice of Stock Unit Award Grant were not satisfied during the designated period of time. Notwithstanding the foregoing, upon the occurrence of a Vesting Event, the Grantee shall become 100 vested in the Units that are outstanding on the date of the Vesting Event, provided, however, that in the event of the death of a Participant, any outstanding Units (1) shall be deemed earned at the target level with respect to all open performance periods if death occurs during the performance period, and (2) shall be deemed earned at the actual performance level achieved if death occurs after the end of the performance period. 
 4. Risk of Forfeiture. 
 (a) General Rule. The Units shall initially be subject to a Risk of Forfeiture. The Units subject to a Risk of Forfeiture shall be referred to herein as Restricted Share Units . 
 (b) Lapse of Risk of Forfeiture. The Risk of Forfeiture shall lapse as the Grantee vests in the Units. 
 (c) Forfeiture of Units. The Restricted Share Units shall automatically be forfeited without payment or consideration on the Grantee s Termination Date or the date on which the Administrator determines that the performance goals provided for in the Notice of Stock Unit Award Grant were not satisfied during the designated period of time. 
 (d) Adjustments . The Units will be subject to adjustment in accordance with the terms of Section 12(a) of the Plan. 
 (e) Clawback . In consideration of this grant of Units, the Grantee agrees that the Agreement and any Units hereunder (and or other consideration awarded in settlement of the Units) will be subject to forfeiture and or repayment to the extent provided for in the PacWest Bancorp Clawback Policy, as in effect from time to time, if it is determined in accordance with the policy that a Clawback Event (as defined in such policy) has occurred. 
 5. Rights as a Stockholder. The Grantee will not be paid any dividends during the performance period and instead any dividends paid by the Company during the performance period that would have been paid upon any Shares in respect of your Stock Unit Award had such Shares been issued at the time dividends were paid will be paid out at the time the Shares are delivered based on the actual number of Shares delivered. Grantee shall not be deemed to be the holder of Shares underlying the Stock Unit Award, and shall not have any of the rights of a stockholders with respect to such Shares underlying the Stock Unit Award unless and until the Company shall have issued and delivered Shares to the Grantee and the Grantee s name shall have been entered as a stockholder of record on the books of the Company. 

6. Non-transferability of Stock Unit Award. Except as otherwise provided for in the Plan, this Stock Unit Award may not be sold, pledged, assigned, hypothecated, transferred, or disposed of in any manner other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution and any Stock Unit Award rights may be exercised, during the lifetime of the Grantee, only by the Grantee. If the Grantee transfers all or part of this Stock Unit Award pursuant to the previous sentence, then the terms of this Agreement, the Plan and the Notice of Stock Unit Award shall apply to the transferee to the same extent as to the Grantee. 
 7. Regulatory Compliance. The issuance of Common Stock pursuant to this Agreement shall be subject to full compliance with all then applicable requirements of law and the requirements of any stock exchange or interdealer quotation system upon which the Common Stock may be listed or traded. 
 8. Modification and Termination. The rights of the Grantee are subject to modification and termination in certain events, as provided in the Plan. 
 9. Withholding Tax. The Company s obligation to deliver Shares under the Plan shall be subject to the satisfaction of all applicable federal, state and local income and employment tax withholding requirements. The Grantee shall pay to the Company an amount equal to the withholding amount (or the Company may withhold such amount from the Grantee s salary) in cash or, to the extent permitted under Section 402 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the regulations adopted pursuant thereto, with Shares (including previously vested stock) with an aggregate fair market value equal to the withholding amount calculated using the maximum statutory withholding amount permitted to be withheld under applicable tax rules. 
 10. Nondisclosure. Grantee acknowledges that the grant and terms of this Stock Unit Award are confidential and may not be disclosed by Grantee to any other person, including other employees of the Company and other participants in the Plan, without the express written consent of the Company s Chief Executive Officer. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Grantee may disclose the grant and terms of this Stock Unit Award to the Grantee s family member, financial advisor, and attorney and as may be required by law or regulation. Any breach of this provision will be deemed to be a material breach of this Agreement. 
 11. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the internal laws of the State of California without regard to principles of conflict of laws. 
 12. Successors. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto and their legal representatives, heirs, and permitted transferees, successors and assigns. 
 13. Plan. This Agreement and the Notice of Stock Unit Award Grant are subject to all of the terms and provisions of the Plan, receipt of a copy of which is hereby acknowledged by the Grantee. The Grantee hereby agrees to accept as binding, conclusive, and final all decisions and interpretations of the Administrator upon any questions arising under the Plan, this Agreement, and the Notice of Stock Unit Award Grant. 
 14. Rights to Future Employment. This Stock Unit Award does not confer upon the Grantee any right to continue in the Service of the Company or any Affiliate, nor does it limit the right of the Company to terminate the Service of the Grantee at any time. 
 15. Restrictive Covenants . The Grantee hereby agrees to be bound by the restrictive covenants set forth in Annex A . 
 16. Entire Agreement. The Notice of Stock Unit Award Grant, this Agreement, and the Plan constitute the entire contract between the parties hereto with regard to the subject matter hereof. They supersede any other agreements, representations or understandings (whether oral or written and whether express or implied) between the parties which relate to the subject matter hereof. 

By your signature and the signature of the Company s representative below, you and the Company agree that this Stock Unit Award is granted under and governed by the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Plan and the Notice of Stock Unit Award Grant, both of which are attached and incorporated herein by reference. This Stock Unit Award is of no force and effect until this Agreement is signed by you and the Company s representative, the Notice of Stock Unit Award Grant is signed by you. 
 
 GRANTEE PACWEST BANCORP 
 
 By By 
 Name Name 

PACWEST BANCORP STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN NOTICE OF STOCK UNIT AWARD GRANT 
 This Notice of Stock Unit Award Grant is part of the Stock Unit Award Agreement between Grantee and the Company dated __________ and is of no force and effect until the Stock Unit Award Agreement is signed by Grantee and the Company s representative, this Notice of Stock Unit Award Grant is signed by Grantee. 
 You have been granted the following Stock Unit Award 
 Name of Grantee 
 __________ 
 Total Number of Shares Granted Granted Stock 
 
 __________ 
 Type of Stock Award Performance Stock Unit Award Date of Grant 
 
 Performance Period 
 __________ 
 
 __________ period from __________ to __________ 
 Vesting Date 
 
 Delivery Date 
 
 __________ 
 __________ 
 
 Performance Goals 
 
 __________ 

Impact of Change in Control 
 
 Upon a Change in Control, your Stock Unit Award will (i) be deemed earned at the target level with respect to all open performance periods if the Change in Control occurs within six months after the Date of Grant and (ii) be deemed earned at the actual performance level as of the date of the Change in Control if a Change in Control occurs more than six months after the Date of Grant, and in both cases, the Stock Unit Award will cease to be subject to any further performance conditions (and the number of Stock Unit Awards earned under this provision will be treated as the number of Units that are outstanding, including for purposes of a subsequent Vesting Event), but will continue to be subject to time-based service vesting following the Change in Control in accordance with the original Performance Period. The actual performance level as of the date of the Change in Control when it occurs more than six months after the Date of Grant shall be calculated using __________ . 

Please sign below to acknowledge the terms and conditions of this Stock Award. 
 ACKNOWLEDGED BY GRANTEE 
 By 
 Name 

</EX-10.6>

<EX-10.7>
 7
 a12312210-kexhibit107.htm
 EX-10.7

Document 
 Exhibit 10.7 

PACWEST BANCORP STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN NOTICE OF STOCK AWARD GRANT 
 
 This Notice of Stock Award Grant is part of the Stock Award Agreement between Grantee and the Company dated _____________ and is of no force and effect until the Stock Award Agreement is signed by Grantee and the Company's representative and this Notice of Stock Award Grant is signed by Grantee. 
 You have been granted the following Stock Award Name of Grantee Total Number of Shares Granted Granted Stock Type of Stock Award Restricted Stock Award Date of Grant 
 Vesting Schedule 
 
 Vesting Commencement Date 

Please sign below to acknowledge the terms and conditions of this Stock Award. 
 
 ACKNOWLEDGED BY GRANTEE 
 By Name 

1 

PACWEST BANCORP STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT 

1. Definitions . Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the Amended and Restated PacWest Bancorp 2017 Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan shall have the same defined meanings in this Stock Award Agreement Agreement and the Notice of Stock Award Grant attached hereto as Appendix A. 
 
 2. Grant of Stock Award . Pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in the Notice of Stock Award Grant, this Agreement, and the Plan, PacWest Bancorp (the Company grants to the grantee named in the Notice of Stock Award Grant Grantee on the date of grant set forth in the Notice of Stock Award Grant Date of Grant the number of Shares set forth in the Notice of Stock Award Grant. This Stock Award is intended to be a Restricted Stock Award or a Performance Stock Award, as provided in the Notice of Stock Award Grant. 
 
 3. Retirement. Notwithstanding Section 2 or Section 4, solely with respect to a Restricted Stock Award that was granted at least twelve months prior to the date of the Grantee s Retirement, upon the Grantee s Retirement, unvested Granted Stock will vest pro rata (as described below) based on the length of the Grantee s Service from the Date of Grant through the Grantee s Retirement relative to the full vesting period covered by the Restricted Stock Award, less any previously vested Granted Stock. For example, if the Grantee s Retirement occurs 18 months after the Date of Grant and the Restricted Stock Award vests ratably over three years, the Grantee will vest in 50.0 of the Granted Stock relating to the Restricted Stock Award (having served 18 out of 36 months covered by the Restricted Stock Award), less 33.3 of previously vested Granted Stock. For purposes of the Restricted Stock Award, Retirement means (A) the Grantee s voluntary termination of Service on or after meeting the Rule of 70, where the Grantee is at least 60 years old and has been employed by or in the service of the Company for a period of at least five full consecutive years (if the employee joined the Company through an acquisition or merger, years of service at the predecessor company and years of service of the Company are included in the Grantee s years of service) and (B) the Grantee provides the Company with at least six months prior written notice of their intent to retire and the Grantee is employed or in the service of the Company through the end of such six month period. Rule of 70 means the sum of the Grantee s age plus the Grantee s years of service with the Company is at least 70 (if the employee joined the Company through an acquisition or merger, years of service at the predecessor company and years of service of the Company are included in the Grantee s years of service), in each case measured at the time of Grantee s termination of employment. The notice period could be shortened by the Company if mutually agreed upon. 
 
 4. Vesting . The Grantee shall vest in the Granted Stock in accordance with the vesting schedule provided for in the Notice of Stock Award Grant provided, however, that the Grantee shall cease vesting in the Granted Stock on the Grantee's Termination Date or the date on which the Compensation and Human Capital Committee of the Company s Board of Directors (the Administrator determines that the performance goals, if any, provided for in the Notice of Stock Award Grant were not satisfied during the designated period of time. Notwithstanding the foregoing, upon the occurrence of a Vesting Event, the Grantee shall become 100 vested in those shares of Granted Stock that are outstanding on the date of the Vesting Event. 
 
 2 

5. Risk of Forfeiture . 
 
 (a) General Rule . The Granted Stock shall initially be subject to a Risk of Forfeiture. The Shares subject to a Risk of Forfeiture shall be referred to herein as Restricted Shares . 
 
 (b) Lapse of Risk of Forfeiture . The Risk of Forfeiture shall lapse as the Grantee vests in the Granted Stock. 
 
 (c) Forfeiture of Granted Stock Clawback . The Restricted Shares shall automatically be forfeited and immediately returned to the Company on the Grantee's Termination Date or the date on which the Administrator determines that the performance goals, if any, provided for in the Notice of Stock Award Grant were not satisfied during the designated period of time. In consideration of the grant of this Stock Award, the Grantee agrees that this Stock Award and any Restricted Shares and Granted Stock hereunder (and or other consideration awarded in settlement of this Stock Award) will be subject to forfeiture and or repayment to the extent provided for in the Company s clawback policy, as in effect from time to time, if it is determined in accordance with the policy that a Clawback Event (as defined in such policy) has occurred. 
 
 (d) Additional Shares or Substituted Securities . In the event of a stock split, reverse stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization, combination or reclassification of the Common Stock or any other increase or decrease in the number of issued and outstanding Shares effected without receipt of consideration by the Company, any new, substituted or additional securities or other property (including money paid other than as an ordinary cash dividend) which are by reason of such transaction distributed with respect to any Restricted Shares or into which such Restricted Shares thereby become convertible shall immediately be subject to a Risk of Forfeiture, which Risk of Forfeiture shall lapse at the same time and in the same manner as the Risk of Forfeiture to which the corresponding Restricted Share is subject. 
 
 (e) Escrow . Upon issuance, the stock certificates for Granted Stock shall be deposited in escrow with the Company to be held in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement. Any new, substituted or additional securities or other property described in Subsection (d) above shall immediately be delivered to the Company to be held in escrow, but only to the extent the shares of Granted Stock are at the time Restricted Shares. All regular cash dividends on Restricted Shares (or other securities at the time held in escrow) shall be paid directly to the Grantee and shall not be held in escrow (such distributions may, however, be delivered to an address at the Company for delivery to the Grantee). Restricted Shares, together with any other assets or securities held in escrow hereunder, shall be (i) surrendered to the Company for cancellation upon forfeiture of the Restricted Shares or (ii) released to the Grantee upon the Grantee s request to the Administrator on or after the date the shares of Granted Stock are no longer Restricted Shares. Grantee agrees not to make a request to the Company s transfer agent for delivery of any share certificates representing any shares of Granted Stock so long as such shares are Restricted Shares. 
 
 6. Rights as a Stockholder . The Grantee shall have the rights of a stockholder with respect to the dividends paid by the Company. Grantee shall not be entitled to vote any unvested shares of Granted Stock. Upon the vesting of any portion of the Stock Award, the Grantee shall have the voting rights with respect to any such vested shares of Granted Stock. 
 
 7. Non-transferability of Stock Award . Except as otherwise provided for in the Plan, this Stock Award may not be sold, pledged, assigned, hypothecated, transferred, or disposed of in any manner other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution and may be exercised, during the lifetime of the Grantee, only by the Grantee. If the Grantee transfers all or part of this Stock Award pursuant to the previous sentence, then the terms of this Agreement, the Plan and the Notice of Stock Award shall apply to the transferee to the same extent as to the Grantee. 
 
 8. Regulatory Compliance . The issuance of Common Stock pursuant to this Agreement shall be subject to full compliance with all then applicable requirements of law and the requirements of any stock exchange or interdealer quotation system upon which the Common Stock may be listed or traded. 
 
 3 

9. Modification and Termination . The rights of the Grantee are subject to modification and termination in certain events, as provided in the Plan. 
 
 10. Withholding Tax . The Company's obligation to deliver Shares or remove any restrictive legends upon vesting of such Shares under the Plan shall be subject to the satisfaction of all applicable federal, state and local income and employment tax withholding requirements. The Grantee shall pay to the Company an amount equal to the withholding amount (or the Company may withhold such amount from the Grantee's salary) in cash or, to the extent permitted under Section 402 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the regulations adopted pursuant thereto, with Shares (including previously vested Granted Stock) with an aggregate fair market value equal to the withholding amount calculated using the maximum statutory withholding amount permitted to be withheld under applicable tax rules. 
 
 11. Nondisclosure . Grantee acknowledges that the grant and terms of this Stock Award are confidential and may not be disclosed by Grantee to any other person, including other employees of the Company and other participants in the Plan, without the express written consent of the Company's Chief Executive Officer. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Grantee may disclose the grant and terms of this Stock Award to the Grantee's family member, financial advisor, and attorney and as may be required by law or regulation. Any breach of this provision will be deemed to be a material breach of this Agreement. 
 
 12. Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the internal laws of the State of California without regard to principles of conflict of laws. 
 
 13. Successors . This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto and their legal representatives, heirs, and permitted transferees, successors and assigns. 
 
 14. Plan . This Agreement and the Notice of Stock Award Grant are subject to all of the terms and provisions of the Plan, receipt of a copy of which is hereby acknowledged by the Grantee. The Grantee hereby agrees to accept as binding, conclusive, and final all decisions and interpretations of the Administrator upon any questions arising under the Plan, this Agreement, and the Notice of Stock Award Grant. 
 
 15. Rights to Future Employment . This Stock Award does not confer upon the Grantee any right to continue in the Service of the Company or any Affiliate, nor does it limit the right of the Company to terminate the Service of the Grantee at any time. 
 
 16. Restrictive Covenants. The Grantee hereby agrees to be bound by the restrictive covenants set forth in Annex A . 
 
 17. Entire Agreement . The Notice of Stock Award Grant, this Agreement, and the Plan constitute the entire contract between the parties hereto with regard to the subject matter hereof. They supersede any other agreements, representations or understandings (whether oral or written and whether express or implied) between the parties which relate to the subject matter hereof. 

4 

By your signature and the signature of the Company's representative below, you and the Company agree that this Stock Award is granted under and governed by the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Plan and the Notice of Stock Award Grant, both of which are attached and incorporated herein by reference. This Stock Award is of no force and effect until this Agreement is signed by you and the Company s representative and the Notice of Stock Award Grant is signed by you. 
 
 GRANTEE PACWEST BANCORP By By Name Name 

5 

</EX-10.7>

<EX-10.8>
 8
 a12312210-kexhibit108.htm
 EX-10.8

Document 
 Exhibit 10.8 

2023 EXECUTIVE INCENTIVE PLAN 
 
 97963v7 

Table of Contents 
 
 1. Purpose 
 3 
 2. Approval and Administration 
 3 
 3. Performance Guidelines 
 3 
 4. Interpretation 
 4 
 5. Eligibility 
 4 
 6. Performance Measures Performance Targets 
 4 
 7. Achievement Levels and Awards 
 5 
 8. Adjustments 
 5 
 9. Payment of Awards 
 6 
 10. No Right of Assignment 
 6 
 11. No Right of Employment 
 6 
 12. Amendment or Termination of the Plan 
 6 
 13. Section 409A of the Code 
 7 

2 2023 Executive Incentive Plan 

1. Purpose 
 
 Pacific Western Bank (the Bank is the sponsor of this Executive Incentive Plan (the Plan ). The Bank has designed the Plan to focus executives on achieving the annual business plan or other strategic and long-term performance objectives. The Plan provides award opportunities and is intended to provide rewards to the executive team for exceptional corporate performance. 
 
 2. Approval and Administration 
 
 The Plan has been approved by the Board of Directors (the Board of PacWest Bancorp (the Company ), the Board of Directors of Pacific Western Bank (the Bank Board ), and the Compensation and Human Capital Committee CHC Committee of the Board and, except as otherwise set forth in this Plan, is administered by the Human Resources department. CEO compensation under the Plan will be recommended for Board approval by the CHC Committee. 
 
 3. Performance Guidelines 
 
 The Chief Executive Officer (CEO), EVP, Director of Human Resources (DHR) and Chief Financial Officer (CFO) will recommend to the Board, the Bank Board, and the CHC Committee, for their approval as early in the calendar year as possible, as applicable 
 
 each Participant (as defined below) 
 
 the business criteria to be used to establish performance goals Performance Measures 
 
 the targeted level of achievement with respect to a Performance Measure (the Performance Target 
 
 for each Performance Measures, the relative weighting of such Performance Measures Performance Measure Weights and 
 
 the percentages of achievement of the applicable Performance Target (the Achievement Levels that may lead to corresponding awards under the Plan (each, an Award ). 
 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, the CHC Committee will determine the Performance Measures, Performance Measure Weights, Performance Targets, and Achievement Levels for Participants (other than the CEO which shall be determined by the Board). At the end of the calendar year, the EVP, Chief Financial Officer CFO and DHR will review achievements against Performance Measures, present results, and DHR will recommend Awards to the CHC Committee for its approval. In evaluating any Award, the CHC Committee will do so outside the presence of management, except the CHC Committee may request the presence of the CEO when considering Awards to members of executive management other than the CEO. Notwithstanding any recommendations from DHR, the CHC Committee will be solely responsible for determining and granting any Awards (or, in the case of the CEO, recommending to the Board such Award for its approval). 
 
 An individual who has been selected by the CHC Committee is a Participant . 

3 2023 Executive Incentive Plan 

4. Interpretation 
 
 Interpretation and application of the Plan to a particular circumstance will be made by the CHC Committee in its sole discretion. Subject to any authority granted to the full Board or a committee of the independent directors thereof, the CHC Committee has the sole and absolute power and authority to make all factual determinations, construe and interpret terms and make eligibility and Award determinations in accordance with its interpretation of the Plan. The CFO and DHR have the authority to make non-material amendments to this Plan in their sole discretion and shall promptly report any such amendments to the CHC Committee. 
 
 5. Eligibility 
 
 Certain employees in key executive contributor roles are eligible for participation in the Plan. The CFO and DHR will review eligible Participants and recommend Participants to CHC Committee for their approval. 
 
 6. Performance Measures Performance Targets 
 
 The CFO and DHR will recommend for approval by the Board, the Bank Board, and the CHC Committee one or more Performance Measures for the Plan. All Performance Measures will be key indicators of financial performance and may consist of one or more of the following business criteria for the Company on a consolidated basis and or for specified subsidiaries or business units of the Company (determined either in absolute terms or relative to the performance of one or more similarly situated companies or a published index covering the performance of a number of companies) (i) net income (ii) return on average assets ROA (iii) cash ROA (iv) return on average equity ROE (v) cash ROE (vi) operating earnings (vii) diluted or basic earnings per share EPS (viii) cash EPS (ix) net interest margin (x) stock price (xi) efficiency ratio (xii) deposit growth (xiii) loan and lease growth (xiv) loan originations, (xv) capital ratios (xvi) adversely classified assets (xvii) nonaccrual loans (xviii) regulatory rating(s), (xix) total shareholder return (xx) net charge-offs total assets (xxi) non-performing assets total assets (xxii) classified assets (Tier I Capital + ALLL) (xxiii) net interest margin (tax equivalent) (xxiv) return on average tangible common equity and (xxv) pre-provision net revenue PPNR ). The CFO and DHR may also recommend to the Board, the Bank Board, and the CHC Committee (or the Board, Bank Board, and the CHC Committee may determine independently) any components of the foregoing as Performance Measures. When establishing Performance Targets, the CHC Committee may exclude (or make adjustments on account of) any or all unusual or infrequently occurring items (including, without limitation, the charges or costs associated with restructurings of the Company, discontinued operations, goodwill impairments, severance payments, merger and acquisition activity, non-recurring business initiatives, and other unusual or infrequently recurring items), items impacted by changes in applicable tax laws or accounting principles, or such other factors as the CHC Committee deems appropriate. 
 
 Each Performance Measure will generally operate independently (i.e., it is possible for one Performance Measure to generate an Award and not another) likewise, it is possible for one Performance Measure to be achieved at a higher level than another. Performance Measures may be individually weighted (i.e., one Performance Measure may be counted more heavily in calculating Awards than another Performance Measure). Performance Measure Weights for each Performance Measure will be recommended by HR for approval by the Board, the Bank Board, and the CHC Committee however, the CHC Committee will retain absolute authority over the selection of and Performance Measure Weights accorded to any Performance Measures. 
 
 4 2023 Executive Incentive Plan 

7. Achievement Levels and Awards 
 
 Achievement Levels and Awards will be set forth in documentation maintained by the CHC Committee and DHR and are generally expressed as a percentage of base salary. Subject to Section 8, Awards under the Plan will be based upon achievement of Performance Measures and will be submitted by DHR to the CHC Committee for approval. Except as otherwise determined by the CHC Committee, for purposes of the Plan, salary means annual year-end base salary. 
 
 Except as otherwise determined by the CHC Committee, in addition to all other eligibility provisions described herein, Awards for individuals who commence employment after the beginning of a calendar year and who, therefore, are Participants for less than a full calendar year will be based on an actual performance during the full calendar year and will be prorated based on the portion of the calendar year during which such Participant was employed by the Bank and will be based on the Participant s actual base salary paid during the time of participation in the calendar year. Awards for Participants who leave the Bank during a calendar year due to total and permanent disability or death will be prorated using the same calculation. For example, if a Participant s base salary is 400,000 and commences employment on April 1, then any Award for such Participant will be based on Participant s prorated base salary of 300,000. 
 
 8. Evaluating Performance and Computing Awards 
 
 a. As soon as practicable following the close of year-end, the Administrator shall determine whether and to what extent the Performance Measures set for such period were achieved and shall determine whether any adjustments under Subsections (b) or (c) shall be made. The CEO and CFO may appropriately adjust any evaluation of Achievement Level for any Performance Measure. The CEO and CFO (or their delegate) shall then determine the Award payable to a Participant. 
 b. The CHC Committee may adjust (up or down) each Participant s potential award amount under any Performance Measure, based upon individual strategic performance and or any other factors, in the CHC Committee s sole discretion. 
 c. When measuring Achievement Levels, the CHC Committee may exclude (or make adjustments on account of) any or all unusual or infrequently occurring items (including, without limitation, the charges or costs associated with restructurings of the Company, discontinued operations, goodwill impairments, severance payments, merger and acquisition activity, non-recurring business initiatives, and other unusual or infrequently recurring items), items impacted by changes in applicable tax laws or accounting principles, or such other factors as the CHC Committee deems appropriate. 
 d. There is no minimum award or guaranteed payment with respect to any Performance Measure all Awards under the Plan are discretionary on the part of the Company, and the Company reserves the right, at all times, to reduce the payment with respect to an Award or to pay no amount, in its sole discretion. 
 
 9. Payment of Awards 
 
 Awards will be paid as soon as administratively feasible after review of performance against applicable Performance Targets and approval by the CHC Committee (which payment may occur during the applicable calendar year), but will be paid in no event later than the date that is 2 months after the end of the applicable calendar year. Except as otherwise determined by the CHC Committee, to be eligible for an Award, a Participant must have been an employee of the Bank for at least three months during the applicable calendar year and be an employee of the Bank on the date that Awards are paid or have left the Bank during the calendar year due to total and permanent disability or death. 
 
 5 2023 Executive Incentive Plan 

Except as otherwise determined by the CHC Committee, Participants who are otherwise eligible to receive an Award and who were assigned to different parts of the organization during the calendar year will have their Award calculated based upon the part of the organization they are in at the end of the calendar year and the performance achieved by that group for the calendar year. 
 
 The Bank will withhold from any amounts payable under this Plan all federal, state, city, and local taxes as shall be legally required as well as any other amounts authorized or required by employer policy including, but not limited to, withholding for garnishments and judgments or other court orders. 
 
 Except as otherwise required by law, incentive compensation under this Plan shall not be included or considered in determining any benefits under any pension, retirement, profit sharing, group insurance, or other benefit plan that may or may not exist. 
 
 The CHC Committee may determine in its discretion to accelerate the payment of an Award to any date prior to the normal payment date (including prior to the end of the applicable calendar year). 
 
 10. No Right of Assignment 
 
 No right or interest of any Participant in the Plan is assignable or transferable. In the event of a Participant s death, payment of any earned but unpaid Awards will be made to the Participant s legal successor, unless prohibited by law. 
 
 11. No Right of Employment 
 
 The Plan does not give any employee any right to continue in the employment of the Bank and does not constitute any contract or agreement of employment or interfere in any way with the right the Bank has to terminate such person s employment. The Bank is an at will employer and, as such, can terminate an employment relationship between itself and any of its employees at will, with or without cause, and with or without notice. 
 
 12. Amendment or Termination of the Plan 
 
 The Bank reserves the right to change, amend, modify, suspend, continue or terminate all or any part of the Plan either in an individual case or in general, at any time without notice and without the consent of the Bank s shareholders or any Participant. 
 
 13. Section 409A of the Code 
 
 The Awards under this Plan are intended to be exempt from Section 409A of the Code Section 409A as short-term deferrals. However, notwithstanding the foregoing or anything to the contrary in this Plan or elsewhere, if a Participant is a specified employee as determined pursuant to Section 409A of the Code as of the date of his or her separation from service (within the meaning of Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(h)) and if any Award provided for in this Plan both (y) constitutes a deferral of compensation within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code and (z) cannot be paid or provided in the manner otherwise provided without subjecting the Participant to additional tax , interest or penalties under Section 409A of the Code, then any such payment that is payable during the first six months following the Participant s separation from service shall be paid in a lump sum to the Participant on the first business day of the seventh calendar month following the month in which his or her separation from service occurs or, if earlier, at his or her death. Awards are subject to any future or current clawback policy. 
 
 6 2023 Executive Incentive Plan 

</EX-10.8>

<EX-21.1>
 9
 a12312210-kexhibit211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 Page 1 of 3 
 PACWEST BANCORP LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 Subsidiaries of PacWest Bancorp State Pacific Western Bank California 10700 West Jefferson Avenue SBL LLC Delaware 1323 Burnet Avenue SBL LLC Delaware 1335 Darby Street SBL LLC Delaware 1602 East Central Boulevard SBL LLC Delaware 1602 Medical Parkway SBL LLC Delaware 2030 Main Street SBL LLC Delaware 2499 Futura Parkway LLC Delaware 272 Fletchwood Road SBL LLC Delaware 2921 New Highway 51 SBL LLC Delaware 31250 Cedar Valley Drive II CRE LLC Delaware 3496 Forestdale Drive SBL LLC Delaware 4635 North Black Canyon Highway SBL LLC Delaware 601 Texas Road II LLC Delaware 601 Texas Road LLC Delaware 6872 Via Norte Circle SBL LLC Delaware 7120 West McNichols Avenue SBL LLC Delaware 75 North Main Street SBL LLC Delaware 808 West Bartlett Road SBL LLC Delaware 8805 South McClintock Drive SBL LLC Delaware ALTEC Capital Trust Delaware BNSF 2005-R Statutory Trust Connecticut BNSF 2005-S Statutory Trust Connecticut BNSF 2006-S Statutory Trust Connecticut CapitalSource CF LLC Delaware CapitalSource Finance LLC Delaware CapitalSource Funding LLC Delaware CapitalSource International LLC Delaware CapitalSource Real Estate Loan LLC, 2006-A Delaware CapitalSource TRS LLC Delaware CapitalSource Trust Preferred Securities 2005-1 Delaware CapitalSource Trust Preferred Securities 2005-2 Delaware CapitalSource Trust Preferred Securities 2006-1 Delaware CapitalSource Trust Preferred Securities 2006-2 Delaware CapitalSource Trust Preferred Securities 2006-3 Delaware CapitalSource Trust Preferred Securities 2006-4 Delaware 

Exhibit 21.1 
 Page 2 of 3 
 PACWEST BANCORP LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES 
 December 31, 2022 
 CapitalSource Trust Preferred Securities 2006-5 Delaware CapitalSource Trust Preferred Securities 2007-2 Delaware Chestnut Assets, LLC California CIMC Master Trust Delaware Civic Financial Services, LLC California Civic Holdings III Trust Delaware Civic Holdings III, LLC Delaware Civic Real Estate Holdings III, LLC Delaware Civic Ventures, LLC Delaware Coastline JX Holdings LLC Delaware Coastline Michigan LLC Michigan Coastline Ohio LLC Ohio Coastline RE Holdings Corp. California Coastline RE Holdings Moorpark Corp. California Coastline RE Holdings NV Corp. Nevada Community (CA) Capital Statutory Trust II Connecticut Community (CA) Capital Statutory Trust III Delaware CRE Assets, LLC California CS CF Equity I LLC Delaware CS Equity II LLC Delaware CS Equity III LLC Delaware CS Equity Investments LLC Delaware CS Linton Oaks Holdings LLC Delaware CS SBA Servicing LLC Delaware CSE Equity Holdings LLC Delaware CSE Mortgage LLC Delaware FCB Statutory Trust I Delaware First California Capital Trust I Delaware First Community Bancorp CA Statutory Trust VII Delaware First Community CA Statutory Trust V Connecticut First Community CA Statutory Trust VI Delaware FirstGroup Leasing Nominee Trust No. 2008-SB-1 Delaware FirstGroup Leasing Trust No. 2008-SB-A Delaware Gelco Fleet Trust Delaware Granite Hills Ventures, LLC Delaware Hudson Housing Tax Credit Fund LXXXIV LP Delaware Hudson Kings Canyon LP Delaware Hudson Vista del Puente LP Delaware 

Exhibit 21.1 
 Page 3 of 3 
 PACWEST BANCORP LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES 
 December 31, 2022 
 Kings Canyon Affordable Housing, L.P. California Lot 125 Big Basin Trail CRE LLC Delaware Matterhorn 604 LLC Delaware Oak Park 3, LP California Origin8, LLC Delaware Pacific Western Asset Management Inc. North Carolina PW SR 2022 Solar Trust Delaware PWB ECOM DIRECT LLC Delaware PWB OPTICAL LLC Delaware R4 OPCA Acquisition LLC Delaware SC Financial California Stone Eagle Golf Holdings Corp. California Textbook Holdings Trust Delaware Textbook Holdings, LLC Delaware Valley Oaks Financial Corporation California Vista del Puente, L.P. California Wendy Road Office Development, LLC California 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 10
 a12312210-kexhibit231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (Nos. 333-218010 and 333-256041) on Form S-8 and (No. 333-253712) on Form S-3 of our report dated February 27, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of PacWest Bancorp and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. 

s KPMG LLP 
 Irvine, California 
 February 27, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 11
 a12312210-kexhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 Certification 
 Pursuant to Section 302 of the 
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Paul W. Taylor, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of PacWest Bancorp 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 27, 2023 s Paul W. Taylor 
 Paul W. Taylor 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 12
 a12312210-kexhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 Certification 
 Pursuant to Section 302 of the 
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Kevin L. Thompson, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of PacWest Bancorp 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 27, 2023 s Kevin L. Thompson 
 Kevin L. Thompson 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 13
 a12312210-kexhibit321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the 
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. Section 1350), the undersigned officer of PacWest Bancorp (the Company hereby certifies that the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date February 27, 2023 s Paul W. Taylor 
 Paul W. Taylor 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. Section 1350) and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 14
 a12312210-kexhibit322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the 
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. Section 1350), the undersigned officer of PacWest Bancorp (the Company hereby certifies that the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date February 27, 2023 s Kevin L. Thompson 
 Kevin L. Thompson 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. Section 1350) and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 15
 pacw-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 16
 pacw-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 17
 pacw-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 18
 pacw-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 19
 pacw-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

