<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230324_10-K_edgar_data_315958_0001140361-23-013676.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4981203</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>115658</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>863603</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1547721</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1228645</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1024896</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001140361-23-013676.hdr.sgml : 20230324
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230324140044
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001140361-23-013676
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		66
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230324
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230324

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CREDITRISKMONITOR COM INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000315958
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-CONSUMER CREDIT REPORTING, COLLECTION AGENCIES [7320]
		IRS NUMBER:				362972588
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-08601
		FILM NUMBER:		23759301

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		704 EXECUTIVE BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		SUITE A
		CITY:			VALLEY COTTAGE
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10989
		BUSINESS PHONE:		845-230-3000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		704 EXECUTIVE BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		SUITE A
		CITY:			VALLEY COTTAGE
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10989

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NEW GENERATION FOODS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001140361-23-013676.txt : 20230324

10-K
 1
 brhc10049637_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 

(Mark One)

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended: 

or

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
 ACT OF 1934

For the transition period from to 

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

(State or other jurisdiction of 

(I.R.S. Employer 

incorporation or organization)

Identification No.)

, 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices)

(Zip Code)

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 

Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class

Trading Symbol

Name of each exchange on which registered

None

N/A

N/A

Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the Act:

(Title of class)

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
 preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T
 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or emerging
 growth company. See the definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b 2 of the Exchange Act.

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised
 financial accounting standards pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over
 financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act,
 indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements . 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are
 restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by a check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates as of June 30, 2022 was . The Company s common stock is traded on the OTC Markets. There were 
 shares of common stock .01 par value outstanding as of March 24, 2023.

Documents incorporated by reference: None

PART I

ITEM 1. 

BUSINESS

In addition to historical information, the following discussion of the Company s business and certain other statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements.
 These forward-looking statements involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions. The actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including but not limited to, those
 factors discussed in the sections in this Annual Report on Form 10-K entitled The CreditRiskMonitor Business , The Company s Goals , Marketing and Sales , and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
 Operations . Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which reflect management s opinions only as of the date hereof. CreditRiskMonitor.com, Inc. (the Company or CreditRiskMonitor undertakes no
 obligation to revise or publicly release the results of any revision to these forward-looking statements.

Overview

CreditRiskMonitor was organized in Nevada in February 1977 and was engaged in the development and sale of nutritional food products from 1982 until October 22, 1993, when it sold substantially
 all of its assets, as previously reported. Effective January 19, 1999, the Company acquired the assets of the CreditRisk Monitor credit information service CM Service from Market Guide Inc. Following the closing of the CM Service purchase,
 the Company commenced doing business under the name CreditRiskMonitor.com .

The CreditRiskMonitor Business

The overall focus of the Company s Software-as-a-Service SaaS subscription products is on facilitating the analysis of corporate financial risk, in the context of (a) the extension of trade
 credit from one business to another, (b) the management by businesses of important relationships with suppliers, and/or (c) the management by businesses of significant counter-party (i.e., buying and selling) relationships.

CreditRiskMonitor (see our website at www.creditriskmonitor.com; the contents of our website are not incorporated in, or otherwise to be regarded as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K) sells
 a suite of web-based, SaaS subscription products providing access to comprehensive commercial credit reports, bankruptcy risk analytics, financial and payment information, and curated news on public and private companies worldwide. The products
 help corporate credit and procurement professionals stay ahead of and manage financial risk more quickly, accurately, and cost-effectively. Our subscribers, including nearly 40 of the Fortune 1000 and well over a thousand other large
 corporations worldwide, use the Company s timely news alerts, research, and reports on public and private companies to make important financial risk decisions. The Company s comprehensive commercial credit reports covering both public and
 private companies worldwide are published through its web-based platform and feature detailed analyses of financial statements, including ratio analysis and trend reports, and peer analysis.

In an example business-to-business B2B transaction: the purchase and sale of 20,000 of merchandise, the seller will usually ship before the buyer pays this act is an extension of trade
 credit by the seller. The seller takes a financial risk by extending this credit, commonly referred to as trade credit risk. The buyer may pay late, causing the seller to incur increased borrowing costs; the seller may incur extra costs in
 attempting to collect the 20,000; or the buyer may never pay the full 20,000. Amounts unlikely to be repaid are called bad debts. If buyers fail to pay, the seller can suffer substantial losses (e.g., assuming the seller averages a 10 
 pre-tax margin it will take about 10 of sales to offset each 1 of bad debt).

2 

Academic research has found that, in the United States, about a quarter of corporate debt is trade credit, and the size of this trade credit is roughly three times the size of bank loans.
 Therefore, more U.S. companies are using trade credit to finance their operations than are using loans from the banking system. Trade credit financing is typically interest-free or even offered at a discount for expedited payment in comparison to
 alternative sources of working capital financing such as bank or third party (hedge fund) loans, notes, and bonds. Moreover, many corporations that are starting to show elevated risk are unable to secure bank financing due to poor performance,
 poor leverage ratios, or a lack of good cash flow metrics. Finally, the need to tap trade credit financing is highest in points of distress when interest expenses are most burdensome.

The Company s newest platform, SupplyChainMonitor , leverages its financial risk analytics expertise to create a risk management solution built specifically for procurement, supply chain,
 sourcing, and finance personnel involved in the supplier lifecycle, risk assessment, and ongoing risk monitoring. Users can assess counterparty risks at the aggregate and granular levels under a variety of categories including geography and
 industry, as well as customized, customer-specific configurations. The platform features mapping capabilities with real-time weather/natural disaster/power outage event overlays as well as customizable news notifications, reports, and charts. 
 The Company expects the driving forces for adoption of its new SupplyChainMonitor product are the material shifts away from globalization, offshoring, and logistical complexity mandated to support just-in-time inventory models due to
 geopolitical and macroeconomic pressures. As businesses look to nearshore, friendshore, and relocate supply hubs away from regions with national security or concentration concerns, they will need extensive data on alternative suppliers and
 the financial stability of those alternatives. The Company s basic value proposition in this regard is to help our subscribers focus on finding suppliers that are financially durable as businesses with this basic attribute have more resources to
 support other key initiatives such as investing in Research Development R D Quality Assurance/Quality Control QA/QC asset replenishment through capital expenditure in excess of depreciation; cyber security infrastructure;
 Environmental, Social, Governance ESG initiatives; and/or Diversity, Equity, Inclusion DEI initiatives.

To help subscribers to either platform prioritize and monitor risk, the reports offer the Company s proprietary FRISK and PAYCE scores (measures of financial distress tied to the probability of bankruptcy, powered by Artificial Intelligence including machine learning, clustering, natural language processing, and deep neural
 network technology), as well as the well-known Altman Z default score, and corporate issuer ratings from key Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organizations NRSROs ). The FRISK 
 scoring model also features aggregate sentiment inputs based on the crowdsourced usage behaviors of our subscribers. The incorporation of this proprietary signal improved the model s classification of risk and boosts the overall accuracy through
 the lowering of the false positive rate for the riskiest corporations. We believe the FRISK score, which can predict public company bankruptcy risk with 96 1 accuracy

within the next 12 months, is the only analytic featuring such inputs in the industry and is trained on our unmatched depth of proprietary usage data. CreditRiskMonitor s crowdsourced usage behavior specifically identifies the shift in aggregate
 sentiment among the issuers of trade credit and therefore assists in the monitoring of the most critical situations when trade credit-based working capital liquidity can dry up. With so much trade credit being utilized in the market,
 CreditRiskMonitor s SaaS subscription products, featuring its 96 predictive FRISK bankruptcy analytic for public companies and its 80 1 predictive
 PAYCE bankruptcy analytic for private companies, are emerging as critical for the accurate evaluation and monitoring of counterparty bankruptcy risk for many subscribers.

1 Claim

based on back testing of the model on U.S. companies and continued performance checks to validate if the score indicated high risk (a score less than 5) at least 3 months prior to a subject company bankruptcy filing.

3 

CreditRiskMonitor s reports, on either platform, include company background information, trade payment information, as well as public filings (i.e., suits, liens, judgments, and bankruptcy
 information) on millions of companies around the world. To keep subscribers current with changing risk conditions, the Company uses email to push selected information to subscribers. These emails include continuously filtered news monitoring
 that keeps subscribers up to date on events affecting the financial stability of companies selected by the subscribers. Subscribers also receive alerts covering such topics as FRISK score changes, credit limit alerts, financial
 statement updates, U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC filings, and changes in agency ratings. All news items are filtered to assure the stories have financial relevance and materiality. On U.S. banks, reports include financial data
 from the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council FFIEC call reports.

CreditRiskMonitor s namesake SaaS product is most often purchased to review the risks of extending trade credit by a company to its corporate customers. Within a midsized or large corporation,
 there is often a professional whose responsibility is managing this credit (often together with managing collections of the company s accounts receivable). CreditRiskMonitor believes that, with the long-term downsizing of corporations and the
 related reductions in credit departmental budgets and personnel, corporate credit professionals have to do more with less. It is also notable that trade credit decisions are often made under intense time pressure. Simultaneously, the Company
 believes, there has been explosive growth in the volume of data about large businesses. Credit professionals are often faced with an overwhelming amount of available data concerning their most important customers, while the time for research and
 analysis is severely limited. CreditRiskMonitor s products are designed to save them time, money, and effort by prioritizing their risk and helping them automatically stay up to date as conditions change.

Many of the Company s subscribers use its SaaS subscription products, CreditRiskMonitor and SupplyChainMonitor, for managing the financial risk of relationships with suppliers and/or
 counterparties with whom they both buy and sell. Strategic planning is another use of the Company s products. In the last recession and the COVID-19 pandemic, risks to the supply chain became a prominent focus of management concern. Companies
 were reminded that while the financial distress of a single important customer might jeopardize a large receivable associated with that account, the financial distress of a single important supplier can shut down an entire factory and jeopardize
 a company s entire revenue stream. The Company s revenue from existing subscribers who have added users responsible for procurement functions and new subscribers whose usage is entirely related to supply chain use cases is a growing percentage of
 total revenue.

4 

In its 2022 10-K Filing, Dun Bradstreet Holdings, Inc. Dun Bradstreet , our major competitor, disclosed that it generated approximately 866.9
 million from its Finance Risk business (i.e., credit, supply chain, and legal/regulatory information services) in North America (i.e., U.S. and Canada) and 419.1 million the rest of the world, total approximately 1,286 million for 2022,
 which we believe serves a similar mix of business functions. The remaining market is extremely fragmented with numerous other vendors, notably including Experian plc and Equifax Inc. On that basis, we estimate that our revenue represents a
 little more than 1 of the Total Addressable Market TAM ). A review of D B s historical performance in its Financial Risk business (previously known as Risk Management Solutions prior to the
 take-private transaction in 2018) shows very limited revenue growth during the period from 2005 to 2017 which the Company believes is a reflection of the unprecedented intervention in credit markets by governments and central banks around the
 world to artificially maintain low interest rates. This world-spanning policy significantly reduced the number of corporate bankruptcies during this period, damaging the perception of risk within the commercial credit market and putting
 downward pressure on businesses that provided services and data related to the mitigation of such events. Given the inflationary environment in 2022, the corresponding tightening of interest rates by central banks, and the number of businesses
 with limited ability to cover their interest expenses with earnings, the Company expects that the number of corporate bankruptcies will at worst return to long-term average levels which will support the need for the Company s solutions. 

CreditRiskMonitor s annual fee, SaaS subscription products represented over 99 of its fiscal 2021 and 2022 operating revenues. These products are sold to a diverse subscriber base with no single
 subscriber representing more than 1 of 2021 and 2022 operating revenues. Accordingly, the Company is not dependent on a single subscriber nor is the Company dependent on a few large subscribers, such that a loss of any individual subscriber
 would have a material adverse effect on its financial condition or results of operations.

The Company has contractual agreements with its data suppliers, including leading NRSROs to redistribute their information as part of our service. We also obtain
 financial statements and other data from Refinitiv US LLC. Although we report some of this raw data directly on our web-based platform, the critical elements of our SaaS subscription products the FRISK score, PAYCE score, ratio analysis, trend reports, peer analyses, Altman Z -Scores, and email alerts are computed by the Company using its algorithms and weighting techniques, and are delivered in formats carefully
 designed for the way our subscribers prefer to use this information. 

Further, hundreds of subscribers and non-subscribers provide us with confidential data from their accounts receivable systems that we parse, process, aggregate, and report, so
 subscribers can see how their counterparties are paying the invoices of other suppliers, without disclosing the specific contributors of this information (the Trade Contributor Program ). The Trade Contributor Program s current trade credit
 file is nearly 3 trillion of transaction data annually.

CreditRiskMonitor s products are the result of management s experience in the commercial credit industry, third-party financial risk assessment, and ongoing research concerning the information
 needs of corporate credit and purchasing/procurement departments. These factors have enabled CreditRiskMonitor to satisfy its subscribers needs for timely, efficient, and low-cost financial risk information services. CreditRiskMonitor sells the
 following SaaS subscription products for analyzing commercial financial risk: CreditRiskMonitor and SupplyChainMonitor. Additional products, summarized below, are add-ons or enhancements to these base subscription products meaning that
 subscribers must have an active base subscription to access them.

(1) 

The CreditRiskMonitor product provides subscribers with unlimited usage and coverage of public and private companies, featuring multi-period spreads of financial reports and ratio analysis, credit risk scores, payment-behavior scores,
 trend reports, peer analysis, credit limit recommendations, as well as up-to-date financial news screened specifically for materiality in credit evaluation. Another feature of the product is the notification and delivery of this news via
 email, concerning only companies of interest to the subscriber. This feature is supplemented with trade receivable data contributed through the Company s Trade Contributor Program, as well as U.S. public-record filing information (i.e.,
 suits, liens, judgments, and bankruptcy information) covering millions of public and private U.S. companies. The product is delivered via a web platform and in a highly structured way, enabling the tracking of subscriber s usage
 information for over 15 years, through many financial shifts.

5 

Subscribers can purchase a more limited version of the CreditRiskMonitor product with coverage of just U.S., Canadian, Mexican, and Caribbean companies (the North American Service for a lower
 annual fee. The flagship version of the product (the Worldwide Service covers all public and millions of private non-financial companies internationally.

Subscribers can purchase expanded U.S. private company coverage (the U.S. Private Data Enhancement for an additional annual fee. The U.S. Private Data Enhancement provides access to
 third-party financial distress scores on 3 million private U.S. companies.

Subscribers to the Worldwide Service can purchase expanded European private company coverage (the European Private Data Enhancement for an additional annual fee. The European Private Data
 Enhancement provides access to data covering 10 European countries, over 300,000 additional private company FRISK scores, over 1.2 million Altman Z -Scores, and over 9 million businesses with financial statements.

(2) 

The SupplyChainMonitor product provides subscribers with interactive tools to monitor and manage their company s supply chain risks at the aggregate and granular levels. With easy-to-use filtering and built-in views, the product
 offers concise dashboards with drill-down capabilities to examine counterparty risk across categories including geography, industry, and financial risk level, plus subscriber-provided metadata classes such as criticality and
 direct/indirect. The product provides functions to easily view supplier locations on a world map, which supports real-time weather, natural disaster, and power outage event overlays. Material news, weather, and other risk alerts and
 monitoring can be configured as immediate or daily digest push notifications. Fully customizable company reports provide rich financial insights and charting including the industry-leading 96 -accurate FRISK score,
 analyst-informed questions for at-risk counterparties, NRSROs ratings, over 40 unique financial ratios, and much more. With records on just over 30 million businesses worldwide, predictive risk scores on approximately 5 million, and
 tier-2 payment data on about 4 million businesses, the SupplyChainMonitor product provides actionable insights for procurement risk management. Enhanced peer analysis tools allow comparisons of up to 5 companies over time across financial
 ratios and risk scores, simplifying bid reviews and alternative source investigations. Macro-level risk information on 180 countries across 10 risk categories and powered by the Economist Intelligence Unit is included to assist in
 sourcing strategy when examining geopolitical, legal, labor, tax, and security risks.

This platform is only offered with worldwide coverage and includes the U.S. Private Company Data Enhancement with third-party financial distress scores on 3 million private U.S. businesses. 
 Subscribers can purchase the European Private Data Enhancement for an additional annual fee which provides the same enhanced coverage available in the CreditRiskMonitor product.

6 

(3) 

The Credit Limit Service product, an add-on subscription service available on the CreditRiskMonitor platform product, helps subscribers manage credit line limits for their customers, in light of changes in the customers financial
 strength. Available since 2007, this interactive product monitors daily changes in a customized recommended credit limit for each customer and generates alert messages to subscribers as requested, so they can take immediate action when a
 customer s circumstances change. The Credit Limit Service is fully integrated with the CreditRiskMonitor platform produce, allowing subscribers to engage in deep analysis when specific credit line limits are questioned or further
 explanations are required. The additional fee is based, in part, on the number of companies evaluated during the annual subscription period, and includes email monitoring alerts.

(4) 

The Financial Statement Processing FSP product, an add-on subscription service available on either platform product, provides subscribers a flexible option to help ease their process in the data entry and standardization of private
 company financial statements, as well as provides private company FRISK scores featuring accuracy levels in the 90 + range 1 and peer analysis to
 public company comparables. The FSP product is sold in blocks of 10 credits, with a single credit used for each counterparty processed during the annual subscription period. Credits expire at the end of each annual subscription period.

(5) 

Confidential Financial Statement Tool CFS Tool product, an add-on subscription service available on either platform product, provides subscribers a flexible option to help ease their process in the standardization of private
 company financial statements and provides private company FRISK scores featuring accuracy levels in the 90 + range 1 and peer analysis to public
 company comparables. This product is offered at a lower cost per private counterparty processed than the FSP product, as the subscriber is responsible for the data entry of the private counterparty statements via forms on the Company s
 web-based platform. The additional fee is based on subscriber usage.

(6) 

Confidential Financial Statement Portal CFS Portal product, an add-on subscription service available on either platform product, allows subscribers to invite their private company counterparties to enter or upload confidential
 financial statements via the Company s secure web portal so they can be standardized and scored to provide private company FRISK scores featuring accuracy levels in the 90 + range 1 and peer analysis to public company comparables. This product is offered at a lower cost per private counterparty processed than the FSP product, as the subscriber s counterparty is
 responsible for the data entry or upload of the private counterparty statements via forms on the Company s web-based platform. The CFS Portal product is sold in blocks of 10 credits, with a single credit used for each counterparty
 processed during the annual subscription period. Credits expire at the end of each annual subscription period.

Both platform products feature the Company s proprietary credit scores: the FRISK score and the PAYCE score. These proprietary scores indicate the level of financial distress, by predicting
 the probability of bankruptcy within the next 12 months at public and private companies, respectively. The scores provide subscribers with a fast, consistent method for identifying those companies at the greatest risk.

7 

(a) 

The FRISK score is updated daily, based on the latest information available to the Company, and is derived from a structural statistical model back-tested using company data and bankruptcies. Many experienced and
 knowledgeable credit and risk professionals use the Company s Fundamental Service routinely to analyze the companies with whom they do business. The Company has collected anonymous usage information from its subscribers since 2003 and was
 able to develop an independently predictive, corporate bankruptcy risk model trained on this aggregated data. The Company s modeling confirmed that when its subscribers are concerned with a risky company, they investigate that company
 more closely, in distinct behavioral patterns. When such patterns occur in aggregate, the herd signal is predictive of increased bankruptcy risk. Essentially, when credit professionals start looking more closely as a group, there is
 usually a growing concern that can result in the reduction or even elimination of trade credit extension, specifically at one of the most critical financing times for a corporation. In 2016, the FRISK 
 score was retrained and augmented to include this proprietary, aggregate sentiment input. The resulting enhanced FRISK score more accurately classifies the risk level of the riskiest
 corporations and can predict public company bankruptcy risk with 96 accuracy within 12 months. The accuracy level of the FRISK score is monitored, at least annually, by our Quality Assurance and Data Science teams and has
 maintained or surpassed its benchmark 96 accuracy since 2016. Calculation of the FRISK score involves preparation of data from multiple sources, the use of executable software created expressly by and owned by the Company, as
 well as sophisticated algorithms and weighting techniques that are proprietary Company trade secrets. It appears that CreditRiskMonitor is the only company currently using crowdsourcing of subscriber activity in generating a financial
 risk score. In 2022, the FRISK score covered approximately 300,000 public and private companies worldwide representing over 100 trillion in corporate revenue.

(b) 

The PAYCE score provides a highly accurate measure of financial stress when no financial statements are available for private companies. It utilizes payment data
 collected and processed through the Company s Trade Contribution Program, U.S. federal tax lien data, and more to deliver an 80 accurate score on approximately 330,000 private companies in the United States and Canada. Unlike other
 payment-based models that summarize past dollar-weighted payment performance for estimating bankruptcy risk, a PAYCE score is only calculated when there is both a sufficient number of trade contributors and trade lines on a
 company for the analysis. The Company believes that the model covers the vast majority of U.S. private companies with 5 million or more annual revenue 2 .
 Among all reported bankruptcies, about half land in the highest risk categories that represent only 2.5 of the coverage population. 

The viability and potential of CreditRiskMonitor s business are made possible by the following characteristics:

Low price. The prices of CreditRiskMonitor s SaaS subscription products are low as compared to a subscriber s possible losses from not being paid by a customer or being unable to secure critical
 inventory/services from a supplier, and are low compared to the cost of most competitive third party financial risk analysis products.

2 Based on data published by the North American Industry Classification System NAICS Association on the number of U.S. businesses with annual sales ranges
 greater than or equal to 5 million and the number of U.S. public companies it follows

8 

Non-cyclical. As economic growth slows, general corporate credit risk usually increases and the credit manager s function rises in importance and complexity. Additionally, products that allow
 credit managers to perform their jobs more efficiently and cost-effectively, as compared to competitive services, should gain market share in most business environments and especially during an economic downturn. In a contracting business
 environment, many companies face increasing price competition, which should accelerate their shift to lower-cost technologies and providers, such as CreditRiskMonitor. CreditRiskMonitor s business and recurring revenues have continued to
 grow as world economic growth slowed or declined. Over the last ten years the issuance of corporate junk bonds and other debt by public companies and public debt by private companies (LBOs, etc.), and the development of credit
 instruments to hedge default and interest rate risk (i.e., credit derivatives) has increased dramatically. It is difficult to get a complete or very accurate number of the totals, but according to the Bank for International Settlements,
 as of June 2022, the notional value of Over-the-Counter Credit Default Swap Derivatives was 632 trillion 3 . For perspective, the world GDP estimate for the
 full year is approximately 99 trillion and the market value of all worldwide domestic equity as of 3Q-2022 was approximately 111 trillion 4 . Thus,
 publicly-listed companies and private companies with public debt have a vulnerability to business cycle contraction and the attendant market risks for interest rates and stock markets. Large over-the-counter debt and generally high market
 uncertainty indicate continued high risk and complexity in extending commercial trade credit to many companies putting a premium on the speed and analytic strength of CreditRiskMonitor s products.

Recurring revenue stream. The recurring annual revenue stream of its SaaS subscription fee model gives the Company stability not found in a traditional, non-subscription company.

Profit multiplier. Some of the Company s basic costs are being reduced. On a broad generic basis, the prices of computer hardware, software, and telecommunications have been coming down for all
 buyers, including CreditRiskMonitor. In addition, CreditRiskMonitor has automated a significant amount of the processes used to create and deliver its SaaS subscription products; therefore, its production costs, apart from the development
 cost of enhancing and upgrading the Company s web platform, are relatively stable over a wide range of increasing revenue. Offsetting these cost reductions is the cost of increasing the data content of CreditRiskMonitor s SaaS
 subscription products if the Company chooses to increase content and not raise its prices to cover these additional costs.

Self-financing. CreditRiskMonitor s business has no inventory, manufacturing, or warehouse facilities, and payments for its products are made early in the subscription period with nearly all
 subscribers paying annual fees without termination for convenience rights as opposed to monthly or quarterly contracts. Thus, the Company s business has a low capital intensity and is capable of generating high margins and sufficient
 positive cash flow to grow the business organically with little need for external capital.

Management. CreditRiskMonitor has an experienced management team with proven talent in business credit evaluation systems and SaaS web development. The Company s senior management team has an
 average tenure of over 15 years.

3 As reported by the Bank of International Settlements BIS in a Statistical Release on November 30, 2022

4 As reported by the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association SIFMA in its Research Quarterly Report on Equities issued on October 19, 2022

9 

The Company s Goals

Growth in U.S. market share. Faced with a dominant U.S. competitor, Dun Bradstreet, as well as several other larger competitors, the Company s primary goal is to gain market share. The
 Company believes that many potential subscribers are unaware of its SaaS subscription products, while many others who are aware of CreditRiskMonitor have not evaluated its products.

International penetration. Foreign companies doing business within the U.S. or other foreign countries may have the same need as domestic companies for CreditRiskMonitor s credit analysis of U.S.
 and foreign companies. Internationally, the Internet provides a mechanism for rapid and inexpensive marketing and distribution of CreditRiskMonitor s SaaS subscription products.

Broaden the services supplied. Revenue per subscriber may increase over time as the Company adds functionality, content, and new products. Also, revenue per subscriber should increase over time
 as the Company sells additional seat licenses (upsell) and products (cross-sell) to existing subscribers. The Company s SupplyChainMonitor product is a clear example of this goal as it is offered at a higher price point with additional
 functionality and content.

Lowest cost provider. CreditRiskMonitor s sourcing, analysis, and preparation of data into a usable form are highly automated. CreditRiskMonitor delivers all of its information to subscribers via
 the Internet and there is automation between the sourcing of data and delivery of a company credit report to a subscriber. Because of this automation, CreditRiskMonitor s production costs are relatively stable over a wide range of
 increasing revenue. Management believes CreditRiskMonitor s cost structure is one of the lowest in its industry while maintaining a higher customer service level for subscribers.

High margins and return on investment. The Company foresees declining unit costs in some important expense areas, such as computer and communication costs, which should increase net profits from
 its SaaS subscription products income stream. The Company has lower sales expenses for subscriber renewals than for new sales, and the Company expects that its renewal revenue will continue to grow to be a larger share of total revenue
 each year. All these naturally occurring unit cost reductions will be in addition to the cost reductions achieved through servicing more subscribers over the Company s in-place fixed costs.

Marketing and Sales

To gain market share for the Company s products, it will continue to use the Internet (at our website www.creditriskmonitor.com) as the primary mechanism for demonstrating and distributing its
 offerings. To inform potential subscribers about its products, CreditRiskMonitor uses a combination of telephone sales, Internet demonstration, and inbound and outbound marketing, including but not limited to digital strategies, social media,
 media/PR outreach, trade show representation, and speaking engagements before credit and procurement groups and associations.

Value Proposition

The Company s fundamental value proposition is that it creates and sells high-quality, industry-leading commercial financial risk reports featuring analytics with the highest accuracy levels in
 the market that help busy risk professionals stay ahead of financial risk quickly, easily, and precisely, at a competitive cost to those from the leading provider. Because Dun Bradstreet has the largest share of the commercial credit
 market, their flagship product, DNBi, is the standard by which the market measures both quality and price. The Company s research shows that its subscribers overwhelmingly agree that CreditRiskMonitor s products save them time, help them to make
 better credit decisions, and represent a significant value for the price paid compared to its competitors.

10 

CreditRiskMonitor s operational strategy is to deliver on its value proposition by continuing to be one of the industry s lowest-cost producers of high-quality, accurate commercial credit
 information by continuously collecting data from a wide variety of sources and employing sophisticated, proprietary, algorithms to process that data into an extensive database of valuable reports on companies. Highly automated operations add to
 the reliability and consistency of these reports while limiting costs. The Company employs a small number of analysts who selectively review data at critical points in its processes to further enhance the quality of its products and their
 relevance to credit professionals.

Risks Related to Information Systems Security

The Company s information systems, and those of its third-party service providers and vendors, are vulnerable to an increasing threat of continually evolving cybersecurity risks.
 These risks may take the form of malware, computer viruses, cyber threats, extortion, employee error, malfeasance, system errors, or other types of risks, and may occur from inside or outside of our organization. Cybersecurity risk is
 increasingly difficult to identify and quantify and cannot be fully mitigated because of the rapidly evolving nature of the threats, targets, and consequences. Additionally, unauthorized parties may attempt to gain access to these systems or our
 information through fraud or other means of deceiving our third-party service providers, employees, or vendors. The Company s operations depend, in part, on how well it and its suppliers protect networks, equipment, information technology IT systems, and software against damage from several threats. The Company has entered into agreements with third parties for hardware, software, telecommunications, and other services in connection with its operations. The Company s operations
 depend on the timely maintenance, upgrade, and replacement of networks, equipment, IT systems, and software. However, if the Company is unable or delayed in maintaining, upgrading, or replacing its IT systems and software, the risk of a
 cybersecurity incident could materially increase. Any of these and other events could result in information system failures, delays, and/or increases in capital expenses. The failure of information systems or a component of information systems
 may, depending on the nature of any such failure, adversely impact the Company s reputation and results of operations.

In addition, targeted attacks on the Company s systems (or on systems of third parties that it relies on), failure or non-availability of a key IT system, or a breach of security
 measures designed to protect its IT systems could result in disruptions to its operations through delays or the corruption and destructions of its data, property damage, loss of confidential information or financial or reputational risks. As the
 threat landscape is ever-changing, the Company must make continuous mitigation efforts, including risk prioritized controls to protect against known and emerging threats; tools to provide automated monitoring and alerting; frequent employee
 training; and backup and recovery systems to restore systems and return to normal operations. However, there can be no assurance that the Company s ability to monitor for or mitigate cybersecurity risks will be fully effective, and the Company
 may fail to identify cybersecurity breaches or discover them in a timely way.

Any significant compromise or breach of the Company s data security, whether external or internal, or misuse of its data, could result in significant costs, lost sales, fines, and
 lawsuits, as well as damage to its reputation. In addition, as the regulatory environment as related to information security, data collection, data use, and privacy becomes increasingly rigorous, with new and constantly changing requirements
 applicable to our business, compliance with those requirements could also result in additional costs. As cyber threats continue to evolve, the Company may be required to expend additional resources to continue to modify or enhance protective
 measures or to investigate and remediate any security vulnerabilities.

11 

Employees

As of February 1, 2023, the Company had approximately 90 employees. None of the Company s employees are covered by a collective bargaining agreement. The Company believes its relations with its
 employees to be satisfactory and has suffered no interruption in operations.

The Company established a 401(k) Plan covering all employees effective January 1, 2000 that provides for discretionary Company contributions. Employees are eligible to participate in the 401(k)
 plan if they are over the age of 21 and after completing one month of service with the company after their hire date. The Company has no other retirement, pension, profit sharing, or similar program in effect for its employees. The Company
 adopted a long-term incentive plan in 2020 that covers its employees, replacing its former 2009 Plan.

Available Information

Copies of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to
 Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), are available free of charge on its website (www.creditriskmonitor.com) as soon as reasonably practicable after the Company electronically files the
 material with or furnishes it to the SEC. Printed copies of these documents may be requested, free of charge, by contacting the Corporate Secretary, CreditRiskMonitor.com, Inc., 704 Executive Boulevard, Valley Cottage, NY 10989. Additionally, the
 SEC maintains an Internet site (www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. Information on the Company s website or linked to its website is
 not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report.

ITEM 2. 

PROPERTIES.

The Company does not own any real property. The Company s principal office is located in approximately 16,900 square feet of leased space in an industrial warehouse complex located in Valley
 Cottage, New York. The lease expires on July 31, 2025 and provides for an aggregate total monthly cost of approximately 21,600, subject to annual increases, plus an allocated portion of real estate taxes and insurance.

ITEM 3. 

LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.

The Company, at various times, may be involved in legal proceedings arising from the ordinary course of business. The Company records a liability when it believes it has enough information to
 assess the probability that a loss will be incurred and the amount of loss or range of loss can be reasonably estimated. Neither the Company nor its property is a party to or the subject of a pending legal proceeding.

12 

ITEM 4. 

MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES.

Not applicable.

PART II

ITEM 5. 

MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES.

The Company s Common Stock is traded on the OTC Markets OTCQX U.S. under the symbol CRMZ . The following table sets forth the high and low closing bid quotations reported on the OTCQX for each
 calendar quarter of 2021 and 2022. These quotations reflect inter-dealer prices without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions.

High Bid

Low Bid

2021

First Quarter

2.65

2.18

Second Quarter

3.29

2.30

Third Quarter

2.57

1.90

Fourth Quarter

2.02

1.63

2022

First Quarter

2.56

1.72

Second Quarter

2.55

2.05

Third Quarter

2.31

1.94

Fourth Quarter

2.41

1.99

On March 1, 2023, there were approximately 156 registered holders of the Company s Common Stock based on information provided by our transfer agent. This number does not reflect the number of
 individuals or institutional investors holding stock in nominee name through banks, brokerage firms, and others.

In fiscal 2022 and 2021, the Company did not declare a cash dividend.

The Company did not repurchase any of its common stock during the year ending 2022.

ITEM 6. 

RESERVED.

13 

ITEM 7. 

MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.

Business Environment

The continuing uncertainty in the worldwide financial system has negatively impacted general business conditions. It is possible that a weakened economy could adversely affect our subscribers 
 need for credit information, or even their solvency, but we cannot predict whether or to what extent this will occur.

Our strategic priorities and plans for 2023 are to continue to build on the improvement initiatives underway to achieve sustainable, profitable growth.

Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources

The following table presents selected financial information and statistics as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 (dollars in thousands):

2022

2021

Cash and cash equivalents

9,867

12,382

Held-to-maturity securities

4,028

-

Accounts receivable, net

3,500

2,803

Working capital

5,416

3,964

Cash ratio

0.78

1.04

Quick ratio

1.38

1.28

Current ratio

1.43

1.32

The Company has invested some of its excess cash in cash equivalents, held to maturity debt securities, and marketable securities. All highly liquid investments with an original maturity of
 three months or less when purchased are considered cash equivalents, while those with maturities in excess of three months when purchased are reflected as marketable securities, or held-to-maturity securities.

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 9.87 million in cash and cash equivalents, a decrease of approximately 2.51 million from December 31, 2021. This decrease was primarily the result of
 cash provided by operating activities of approximately 1.8 million and cash used in investing activities of approximately 4.3 million.

The main component of current liabilities at December 31, 2022 was unexpired subscription revenue of 9.98 million, which should not require significant future cash outlay, as this is annual
 reoccurring revenue, other than the cost of preparation and delivery of the applicable commercial credit reports, which cost much less than the unexpired subscription revenue shown. Unexpired subscription revenue is recognized as income over
 the subscription term, which approximates 12 months. The Company has no debt, and expects to meet the current and long term lease obligations for office space using operating cash flows. The Company maintains an adequate cash balance to meet
 the Company s material cash requirements.

The Company has no bank lines of credit or other currently available credit sources.

14 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements

The Company is not a party to any off-balance sheet arrangements.

Results of Operations

2022 vs. 2021 

Year Ended December 31,

2022

2021

of Total

of Total

Amount

Revenue

Amount

Revenue

Operating revenues

17,979,317

100

17,065,132

100

Operating expenses:

Data and product costs

6,984,729

39

6,332,091

37

Selling, general and administrative expenses

9,040,767

50

8,134,694

48

Depreciation and amortization

382,342

2

296,299

2

Total operating expenses

16,407,838

91

14,763,084

87

Income from operations

1,571,479

9

2,302,048

13

Gain on forgiveness of bank loan

-

-

1,561,500

9

Other income, net

180,762

1

9,962

0

Income before income taxes

1,752,241

10

3,873,510

23

Provision for income taxes

(392,003

(2

(509,806

(3

Net income

1,360,238

8

3,363,704

20

Operating revenues increased approximately 0.9 million, or 5 , for fiscal 2022 over the prior year. This overall revenue growth resulted from an increase in SaaS subscription products revenue,
 attributable to increased sales to new and existing subscribers, as well as related price increases for subscriptions.

Data and product costs increased approximately 653 thousand, or 10 , for fiscal 2022 compared to fiscal 2021. This increase was due primarily to (1) higher salary and related employee benefits due to pay raises to
 staff, and (2) higher costs of third-party content, due to price increases instituted by some of the Company s major suppliers.

Selling, general and administrative expenses increased approximately 0.9 million, or 11 , for fiscal 2022 compared to fiscal 2021. This increase was due to more commissions being paid out in 2022 due to sales of
 newer product offerings, higher salary expenses, higher marketing expenses from exhibiting at trade shows, and sales enablement software.

In 2021 The Company s PPP loan was forgiven by the Small Business Administration resulting in a gain of 1.56 million.

Other income increased approximately 171 thousand for fiscal 2022 compared to fiscal 2021. This increase was due to higher return received on the Company s money market fund holdings compared to fiscal 2021.

15 

Future Operations

The Company over time intends to expand its operations by expanding the breadth and depth of its product and service offerings and introducing new and complementary products. Gross margins
 attributable to new business areas may be lower than those associated with the Company s existing business activities.

The Company s current and future expense levels are based largely on its investment plans and estimates of future revenues. To a large extent these costs do not vary with revenue. Sales and
 operating results generally depend on the Company s ability to attract and retain subscribers and the volume of and timing of the subscriptions for the Company s products, which are difficult to forecast. The Company may be unable to adjust
 spending in a timely manner to compensate for any unexpected revenue shortfall. Accordingly, any significant shortfall in revenues in relation to the Company s planned expenditures would have an immediate adverse effect on the Company s business,
 prospects, financial condition and results of operations. Further, as a strategic response to changes in the competitive environment, the Company may from time to time make certain pricing, service, marketing or acquisition decisions that could
 have a material adverse effect on its business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations.

Achieving greater profitability depends on the Company s ability to generate and sustain increased revenue levels. The Company believes that its success will depend in large part on its ability
 to (i) increase its brand awareness, (ii) provide its subscribers with outstanding value, thus encouraging renewals, and (iii) achieve sufficient sales volume to realize economies of scale. Accordingly, the Company intends to continue to increase
 the size of its sales force and service staff, and to invest in product development, operating infrastructure, marketing and promotion. The Company believes that these expenditures will help it to sustain the revenue growth it has experienced
 over the last several years. We anticipate that sales and marketing expenses will continue to increase in dollar amount and as a percentage of revenues into 2024 and future periods as the Company continues to expand its business on a worldwide
 basis. Further, the Company expects that product development expenses will also continue to increase in dollar amount and may increase as a percentage of revenues into 2024 and future periods because it expects to employ more development
 personnel on average compared to prior periods and build the infrastructure required to support the development of new and improved products and services. However, as some of these expenditures are discretionary in nature, the Company expects
 that the actual amounts incurred will be in line with its projections of future cash flows in order not to negatively impact its future liquidity and capital needs. There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to achieve these
 objectives within a meaningful time frame.

The Company expects to experience fluctuations in its future quarterly operating results due to a variety of factors, some of which are outside the Company s control. Factors that may adversely
 affect the Company s quarterly operating results include, among others, (i) the Company s ability to retain existing subscribers, attract new subscribers at a steady rate and maintain customer satisfaction, (ii) the Company s ability to maintain
 gross margins in its existing business and in future product lines and markets, (iii) the development of new services and products by the Company and its competitors, (iv) price competition, (v) the Company s ability to obtain products and
 services from its vendors, including information suppliers, on commercially reasonable terms, (vi) the Company s ability to upgrade and develop its systems and infrastructure, and adapt to technological change, (vii) the Company s ability to
 attract and retain personnel in a timely and effective manner, (viii) the Company s ability to manage effectively its development of new business segments and markets, (ix) the Company s ability to successfully manage the integration of
 operations and technology of acquisitions or other business combinations, (x) technical difficulties, system downtime, cybersecurity breaches, or Internet brownouts, (xi) the amount and timing of operating costs and capital expenditures relating
 the Company s business, operations and infrastructure, (xii) governmental regulation and taxation policies, (xiii) disruptions in service by common carriers due to strikes or otherwise, (xiv) risks of fire or other casualty, (xv) litigation costs
 or other unanticipated expenses, (xvi) interest rate risks and inflationary pressures, and (xvii) general economic conditions and economic conditions specific to the Internet and online commerce.

16 

Due to the foregoing factors, the Company believes that period-to-period comparisons of its revenues and operating results are not necessarily meaningful and should not be relied on as an
 indication of future performance.

Critical Accounting Policies, Estimates and Judgments

The Company s financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America U.S. GAAP ). The preparation of these financial
 statements requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of
 revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Management bases its estimates and judgments on historical experience and other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates.
 Management continually evaluates its estimates and judgments, the most critical of which are those related to:

Valuation of goodwill -- Goodwill requires critical accounting estimates in the evaluation of the Company s assets which are subject to depreciation and
 valuation judgements. In addition, the Company uses the publicly traded stock price to estimate fair value, which is subject to market fluctuations and change. See the information in Note 2 to the financial statements under the caption
 Goodwill for accounting polices related to the calculation of goodwill.

Income taxes -- The calculation of income taxes requires critical accounting estimates in budgeting expenses, estimating sales figures, and forecasting
 staffing and technology needs for the upcoming year, all of which are constantly subject to change as the year progresses. See the information in Note 2 to the financial statements under the caption Income Taxes for accounting polices related
 to the calculation of income taxes.

Recently Issued Accounting Standards

The information set forth under Note 2 to the financial statements under the caption Recently Issued Accounting Standards is incorporated herein by reference.

17 

ITEM 8. 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA.

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders

CreditRiskMonitor.com, Inc.

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of CreditRiskMonitor.com, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
 and the related statements of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all
 material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
 States of America.

Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
 Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance
 with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit
 to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over
 financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over
 financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to
 error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the
 accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Critical Audit Matters

Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or
 required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are
 no critical audit matters.

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2004.

March 24, 2023

18 

CREDITRISKMONITOR.COM, INC.

BALANCE SHEETS

December 31, 2022 and 2021

2022 

2021 

ASSETS

Current assets:

Cash and cash equivalents

Held-to-maturity securities treasury bills 

Accounts receivable, net of allowance of 

Other current assets

Total current assets

Property and equipment, net

Operating lease right-of-use asset

Goodwill

Other assets

Total assets

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY

Current liabilities:

Unexpired subscription revenue

Accounts payable

Current portion of operating lease liability

Accrued expenses

Total current liabilities

Deferred taxes on income, net

Unexpired subscription revenue, less current portion

Operating lease liability, less current portion

Total liabilities

Commitments and contingencies

Stockholders equity:

Preferred stock, par value; authorized shares; ne
 issued

Common stock, par value; authorized shares; issued and outstanding 
 shares

Additional paid-in capital

Accumulated deficit

Total stockholders equity

Total liabilities and stockholders equity

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

19 

CREDITRISKMONITOR.COM, INC.

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021

2022 

2021 

Operating revenues

Operating expenses:

Data and product costs

Selling, general and administrative expenses

Depreciation and amortization

Total operating expenses

Income from operations

Other income:

Gain on forgiveness of bank loan

Other income, net

Income before income taxes

Provision for income taxes

Net income 

Net income per share:

B asic

Diluted

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

20 

CREDITRISKMONITOR.COM, INC.

STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY

Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021

Common Stock

Additional

 Paid-in

Accumulated

Total

 Stockholders 

Shares

Amount

C apital

D eficit

Equity

Balance January 1, 2021 

Net income 

- 

Stock-based compensation

- 

Balance December 31, 2021 

Net income 

- 

Stock-based compensation

- 

Balance December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

21 

CREDITRISKMONITOR.COM, INC.

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021

2022 

2021 

Cash flows from operating activities:

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net

cash provided by operating activities:

Gain on forgiveness of bank loan

Amortization of bond discount 

Deferred income taxes

Depreciation and amortization

Operating lease

Stock-based compensation

Changes in operating assets and liabilities:

Accounts receivable, net

Other current assets

Other assets

Unexpired subscription revenue

Accounts payable

Accrued expenses

Net cash provided by operating activities

Cash flows from investing activities:

Sale of available-for-sale securities municipal bonds 

Purchase of held-to-maturity securities treasury bills 

Purchase of property and equipment

Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities

Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:

Cash paid, net during the year for:

Income taxes

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

22 

CREDITRISKMONITOR.COM, INC.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

to years

to years)

23 

CREDITRISKMONITOR.COM, INC.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

impairment to goodwill in
 the 2022 or 2021 fiscal years.

impairment of long-lived assets has occurred . 

24 

CREDITRISKMONITOR.COM, INC.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

25 

CREDITRISKMONITOR.COM, INC.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

as of December, 31, 2022 and 2021, based on historical experience and specifically identified risks. Accounts receivable are charged off against the allowance for doubtful accounts when management determines that recovery is unlikely and the Company
 ceases collection efforts. The Company does not believe that significant credit risk existed at December 31, 2022 nor 2021.

26 

CREDITRISKMONITOR.COM, INC.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Held-to-maturity securities 

.

27 

CREDITRISKMONITOR.COM, INC.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

State

Deferred:

Federal

State

28 

CREDITRISKMONITOR.COM, INC.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Permanent differences

State and local income tax expense

True-up of current taxes

True-up of deferred taxes

Change in state apportionment

Income tax expense

Accrued vacation

Bad debt allowance

Deferred revenue

Deferred rent

Other

Total deferred tax assets

Deferred tax liabilities:

Goodwill

Fixed assets

Total deferred tax liabilities

Net deferred tax liabilities

and shares, respectively, of the Company s authorized common stock were reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding options under its stock
 option plan.

shares of preferred stock from time to time in one or more series. The Board of Directors shall fix the
 consideration to be paid, but not less than par value thereof, and to fix the terms of any such series, including dividend rights, dividend rates, conversion or exchange rights, voting rights, rights and terms of redemption (including sinking fund
 provisions), the redemption price and the liquidation preference of such series. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company does t
 have any preferred stock outstanding.

29 

CREDITRISKMONITOR.COM, INC.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

stock option
 plans: the 2009 Long-Term Incentive Plan 2009 Plan which ended in 2019, and the 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan 2020 Plan ).

shares of common stock, and the 2020 Plan was 
 shares of common stock. At December 31, 2022, there were options outstanding for shares of common stock under the 2009 Plan,
 and shares of common stock under the 2020 Plan. As of December 31, 2021, there were options outstanding for shares of common stock under the 2009 Plan, and 
 shares of common stock under the 2020 Plan. 

from the date of grant. All of the options granted under the 2009 and 2020 Plan may be exercised after in installments upon
 the attainment of specified length of service, unless otherwise determined by the Compensation Committee as set forth in the Award Agreement. In the event of a change in control (as defined), the options will vest in full at the time of such change
 in control.

Granted

Expired 

Forfeited

Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Granted

Expired

Forfeited

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

shares of
 common stock reserved for the granting of additional options. The 2009 Plan expired at the end of 2019 and additional options could be
 granted.

30 

CREDITRISKMONITOR.COM, INC.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Selling, general and administrative costs

. The fair value of options granted during the year ended December 31, 2022 was . 

Expected volatility factor

Expected dividends

Expected life of the option (years)

- 

- 

- 

and as of December 31, 2022 and
 2021, respectively, which would have been received by the option holders had those option holders exercised their options as of that date. The aggregate intrinsic value of options outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively.

31 

CREDITRISKMONITOR.COM, INC.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

. This cost will be amortized over a weighted average term of 
 years and will be adjusted for subsequent changes in estimated forfeitures. 

Granted

Vested

Terminated or expired

Non-vested, end of year

of the Company s outstanding common stock. The
 Company has not repurchased any shares under this program . 

Furniture and fixtures

Leasehold improvements

Less accumulated depreciation and amortization

32 

CREDITRISKMONITOR.COM, INC.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter

Total future undiscounted lease payments

LESS: Imputed interest

Present value of lease liability

Current portion of operating lease liability

Non-current portion of operating lease liability

and , respectively. The weighted average
 incremental borrowing rate and weighted average remaining term for the operating leases was and years, respectively. 

Weighted average common shares outstanding basic

Potential shares exercisable under stock option plans

Less: Shares which could be repurchased under treasury stock method

Weighted average common shares outstanding diluted

Net income per share:

Basic

Diluted

options, since their inclusion would be anti-dilutive as their exercise prices were above the average market value.

options, since their inclusion would be anti-dilutive as their exercise prices were above the average market value.

33 

CREDITRISKMONITOR.COM, INC.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

million in 2020. The SBA provides a safe harbor for borrowers and has deemed certifications regarding the necessity of the loan to have been made in good faith for borrowers of less than 2 million. The PPP
 loan was scheduled to mature on , had a interest rate, that could have been prepaid at any time without penalty and was subject to the terms and conditions applicable to all loans made pursuant to the PPP as administered by the SBA under the CARES
 Act. In accordance with the requirements for forgiveness of the PPP loan under the CARES Act, the Company has used the entire proceeds from the PPP loan for eligible payroll, benefits, rent, utility costs, and maintained its employment levels. The
 Company applied for forgiveness by the deadline set forth by the lender, and the SBA granted full forgiveness to the Company in December of 2021. The Company recognized a gain on debt forgiveness of , the total amount of the loan including interest, which is included in other income on the statement of operations and is non-taxable.

34 

ITEM 9. 

CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE.

None.

ITEM 9A. 

CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES.

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information, which is required to be timely disclosed, is
 accumulated and communicated to management in a timely fashion. In designing and evaluating such controls and procedures, the Company recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only
 reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. The Company s management is necessarily required to use judgment in evaluating controls and procedures.

The Company s management, with the participation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s
 disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, the Company s
 Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of the end of such period, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that all material information required to be disclosed by us in
 reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act are accumulated and communicated to them as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure and that all such information is recorded, processed, summarized and
 reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms.

In the ordinary course of business, the Company reviews its internal control over financial reporting and makes changes to its systems and processes to improve such controls
 and increase efficiency, while ensuring that the Company maintains an effective internal control environment. Changes may include such activities as implementing new, more efficient systems, updating existing systems and automating manual
 processes. These changes have not materially affected, and are not reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. However, they allow the Company to continue to enhance its internal control
 over financial reporting and ensure that its internal control environment remains effective.

Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

Under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, the Company
 conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting based on criteria established in the framework in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued

by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, the Company s management concluded that its internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022.

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal year 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
 affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting.

Limitations of the Effectiveness of Internal Control

A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the internal control system are met. Because of the
 inherent limitations of any internal control system, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues, if any, within a company have been detected.

35 

This annual report does not include an attestation report of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting.
 Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide only management s report in
 this annual report.

ITEM 9B. 

OTHER INFORMATION.

None.

ITEM 9C. 

DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTION.

N/A.

PART III

ITEM 10. 

DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE.

Directors and Executive Officers

The following table sets forth certain information with respect to the directors and executive officers of the Company and the period such persons held their respective positions with the
 Company.

Name

Age

Principal Occupation/Position

 Held with Company

Officer or

 Director

 Since

Jerome S. Flum

82

Chairman of the Board/Chief Executive Officer

1983

Michael I. Flum

36

President/Chief Operating Officer

2019

Steven Gargano

46

Senior Vice President/Chief Financial Officer

2020

Andrew J. Melnick

81

Director

2005

Richard Lippe

84

Director

2020

Joshua M. Flum

53

Director

2007

Jerome S. Flum was appointed President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company and Chairman of the Board of Directors in June 1985. Since 1968 he
 has been in the investment business as an Institutional Security Analyst, Research and Sales Partner at an investment firm and then as a General Partner of a private investment pool. Before entering the investment business, Mr. Flum
 practiced law, helped manage a U.S. congressional campaign and served as a Legal and Legislative Aide to a U.S. Congressman. He has been a guest lecturer at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology/Sloan School of Management Lab for
 Financial Engineering. Mr. Flum received a BS degree in business administration from Babson College and a JD degree from Georgetown University Law School. Mr. Flum served as a Lance corporal in the United States Marine Corps Reserve.

36 

Michael I. Flum joined the Company in 2018 as Vice President of Operations Alternative Data. He
 was elected Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer in October 2019 and subsequently President and Chief Operating Officer in October 2020. He is responsible for operational strategy and implementation, leveraging
 technology to improve the efficiency of human capital and work processes. Prior to joining CreditRiskMonitor, Mr. Flum served as Vice President of Operations at Gullett Associates, Inc., a
 Houston-based midstream oil gas survey and drafting services firm from 2016-2017. Mr. Flum held various engineering and project management roles at Enterprise Products Partners, a Houston-based oil gas pipeline owner/operator
 from 2009 to 2016. Over his time in the oil gas sector, Mr. Flum successfully completed pipeline and plant projects totaling over 1.3 billion dollars. He was also able to install processes that streamline service offerings and
 unify customer experience across teams. Mr. Flum holds an MBA from Columbia Business School as well as a BS in Mechanical Engineering and a BA in Religious Studies from Rice University. Mr. Flum is the son of Jerome Flum.

Steven Gargano, CPA joined the Company in January 2020 as Senior Vice President and was elected to Senior Vice President and Chief Financial
 Officer in April 2020. Mr. Gargano has more than 20 years of experience in financial services, product development, workflow optimization, operations, customer experience, and financial technology. Prior to joining CreditRiskMonitor, he was
 the Managing Director and Head of Financial Information Risk Analysis for over 12B in assets at 1199SEIU Pension and Benefit Funds. Before that, he served as a Senior Managing Director and Head of Product Development and Customer
 Support for U.S. Bancorp Fund Services Alternative Investment Solutions division. Prior to that, he was the Managing Director and Head of the Planning, Strategy, and Implementation Group for the Accounting, Finance, and Back Office groups
 at Mariner Investment Group, a 10B asset manager. Prior to joining Mariner, he worked at Deloitte Touche within the firm's Investment Management Business Advisory Services consulting group in New York. Prior to that, he held the
 Product Controller position at Gabelli Asset Management responsible for managing the middle office and its functions for all alternative products and their respective trading activities. He started his career at Arthur Andersen working as
 an auditor in the Financial Service Industry Asset Management Capital Markets Group specializing in brokerage and hedge funds. Recently, he served as Head of Finance Operations for financial technology platforms specializing in
 creating technology and service models for private equity, hedge fund, wealth management, and service providers. Mr. Gargano is a graduate of Harvard Business School. In addition, he graduated from Cornell University s College of Business
 in Applied Economics, Management, and Accounting.

Andrew J. Melnick has been a Director since March 2005. He has been a Managing Partner of SkyView Investment Advisors since 2010. The
 firm acts as an investment advisor to various independent investment organizations. From 2014 to 2015, Mr. Melnick was the Chief Investment Strategist and a shareholder in the investment advisory firm BPV Capital Management, which provided
 investment advisory services to institutions and individual clients. From 2005 to 2009, Mr. Melnick helped manage two hedge funds. He retired from Goldman, Sachs Co. at the end of 2004. He joined Goldman Sachs in 2002 as Co-Director
 of its Global Investment Research Division and a member of its Management Committee. Prior to joining Goldman Sachs, Mr. Melnick was Senior Vice President and Director of the Global Securities and Economics Research Group of Merrill Lynch.
 During his 13 years at Merrill Lynch, he expanded the Firm s Research Group from primarily a domestic effort to one with research offices in 26 countries around the world. During that period Merrill Lynch was ranked as the top research
 department in nearly all regions of the world including six straight times as the number one equity research department in the United States. Previous employment: President of Woolcott Co., a boutique research and investment banking
 firm; Director of Research and a Partner of L.F. Rothschild Unterberg Towbin; and Senior Analyst at Drexel Burnham Lambert. He was a U.S. Army Signal Corps Officer and served in Vietnam. Mr. Melnick is a Commissioner of the Monmouth County
 Improvement Authority, a member of the Board of Trustees of the Monmouth Medical Center, and serves on the Board of Governors of the American Jewish Committee and acts as Chairman of their Investment Committee. Mr. Melnick earned a BA in
 economics and MBA in finance from Rutgers. He is a Chartered Financial Analyst (C.F.A.). 

37 

Richard Lippe has been a Director since May 2020. Mr. Lippe was one of the founding members and a partner of the law firm Meltzer,
 Lippe, Goldstein and Breistone, LLP (1979-2004). Prior to that, he was a founding member and partner of the law firm Lippe, Ruskin, Schlissel and Moscou, LLP (1966-1978), and was Deputy County Attorney for Nassau County, N.Y. (1964-1966).
 While actively practicing law, among other things, he chaired the Corporate and Technology Groups at the two firms. He has extensive experience representing mature, middle and early stage private and public companies, and has provided other
 ongoing business related activities and advice to management and boards of directors and general partners. He has frequently served as general counsel and/or a member of the board and an active business advisor to a number of companies. Mr.
 Lippe has a B.A. degree from Tufts University and a J.D. degree from the University of Pennsylvania.

Joshua M. Flum has been a Director since September 2007. He is currently a Managing Partner at LRVHealth, an early-stage healthcare venture capital
 platform. Prior to this role, Mr. Flum spent nearly two decades at CVS Health holding senior leadership roles in strategy, operations, and technology where he led a broad set of transformational activities, ranging from the integration of
 CVS Health and Aetna to the founding of CVS Health Ventures. He departed CVS Health in 2022 as Executive Vice President, Chief Strategy Business Development Officer. Mr. Flum is a graduate of the Yale Law School and spent the first
 years of his professional career clerking for the Honorable Edward R. Becker, Chief Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit, and then at the law firm of Miller, Cassidy, Larroca and Lewin, LLP. He then joined the
 Boston Consulting Group where his work focused on the consumer and retail practice area. Mr. Flum is the son of Jerome Flum.

The Company s By-Laws provide that (a) directors shall be elected to hold office until the next annual meeting of stockholders and that each director, including a director elected to fill a
 vacancy, shall hold office until the expiration of the term for which the director was elected and until a successor has been elected, and (b) officers shall hold office until their successors are chosen by the Board of Directors, except
 that the Board may remove any officer at any time.

Significant Employees

Peter Roma is the Senior Vice President of Sales and Service. He is responsible for both new sales growth and the servicing of our current subscriber
 base. He joined the Company in October 2004 as an Account Executive. Mr. Roma has over 35 years of sales experience. He started with Metropolitan Insurance Company but spent most of his career in financial services working for Shearson
 Lehman Bros., Inc. and then Merrill, Lynch, Pierce, Fenner Smith where he was a Vice President-Private Client.

38 

Michael Broos is the Chief Technology Officer and has been with the company since 2001. He has more
 than 40 years of experience leading technology teams in the development and implementation of software applications for the Internet, Windows, DOS, and mainframes. Before joining the Company, Mr. Broos was Senior Vice President of
 Technology for About.com; Chief Technology Officer of Fan2Fan.com; Chief Technology Officer of AKA.com; Vice President of Internet Solutions for Inventure.com; and Vice President of Software Development for Dun Bradstreet for 8 years. Prior to joining Dun Bradstreet in 1990, Mr. Broos was an independent consultant and entrepreneur for 10 years, during which time he co-founded
 several software companies, including Infocom (the creators of Zork). Mr. Broos began his career with a ten-year stint on the academic computer research staff of the M.I.T. Laboratory of Computer Science, where he developed interactive,
 graphical and email-based applications for the ARPANET (the precursor of today s Internet). 

Michael Clark is the Senior Vice President of Information Technology and is responsible for all aspects of technology. Previously, he had been Vice
 President of Software Development. Mr. Clark joined the company in 2002. Mr. Clark brings over 30 years of software design and development experience. Prior to joining the Company, from 1997-2001, Mr. Clark was Director of Software
 Development for The Technology Group, creating early web-based smart-document and legal expert systems. From 1988 to 1996 he helped develop the award-winning word processing system Nota Bene, enabling multi-lingual document editing in
 Windows and MS-DOS systems. Mr. Clark has a B.A. in Computational Mathematics from the University of Buffalo.

Kirk Ellis is the Senior Vice President of Quality Assurance and has led the QA department since
 2008. Mr. Ellis guides a team of more than 30 data and financial analysts who ensure the data quality and integrity of our information and scores, including benchmarking the ongoing accuracy of our proprietary FRISK Score. He joined CreditRiskMonitor in 2005 as a research analyst and has held a series of progressively
 responsible data leadership roles. Mr. Ellis has more than 20 years of experience in information services, focused on financial data collection, quality and research. Before coming to CreditRiskMonitor, he managed data and analytics
 teams at Citigate Financial Intelligence and at Thomson Financial Research. Mr. Ellis holds a BA in Economics from the State University of New York at Purchase. 

Camilo Gomez, Ph.D. is Senior Vice President of Data Science and returned to CreditRiskMonitor in November 2020, having first joined the Company in
 October of 2009. During his decade-long tenure, which ended in June of 2019, Dr. Gomez served as Senior Vice President of Quantitative Research. In between stints at CreditRiskMonitor, Dr. Gomez held the role of Chief Analytics Officer for
 Beyond Finance, Inc. Prior to joining the Company in 2009, Dr. Gomez was a principal at Lone Pine Mesa LLC, where he consulted with companies in the area of specialty finance since 2005. Prior to that, he was a Managing Director at Standard
 Poor s Risk Solutions group since 2001. Before S P, Dr. Gomez was co-founder and Group Head for Financial Analytics for the Center for Adaptive Systems Applications. Dr. Gomez earned a B.S. in 1980 and a Ph.D. in 1985 from
 the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.

The Audit Committee

The Audit Committee shall assist the Board of Directors in fulfilling its responsibility to the shareholders, potential shareholders and investment community relating to corporate
 accounting, reporting practices of the Company and the quality and integrity of the Company s financial reporting. To fulfill its purposes, the Committee s duties shall include to:

Appoint, evaluate, compensate, oversee the work of, and if appropriate terminate, the independent auditor, who shall report directly to the Committee.

Approve in advance all audit engagement fees and terms of engagement as well as all audit and non-audit services to be provided by the independent auditor.

39 

Engage independent counsel and other advisors, as it deems necessary to carry out its duties.

In performing these functions, the Audit Committee meets periodically with the independent auditors and management to review their work and confirm that they are properly discharging
 their respective responsibilities. The Audit Committee met five times in connection with the last fiscal year s audit, prior to the filing of the Company s annual and quarterly SEC reports. 

The Audit Committee currently consists of its outside directors Andrew Melnick, Richard Lippe, and Joshua Flum. Both Andrew Melnick and Richard Lippe are independent, and Andrew Melnick
 is an audit committee financial expert, as such terms are defined by the SEC.

Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act

Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, requires the Company s directors and officers, and persons who own more than 10 of a registered class of the Company s
 equity securities, to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of Common Stock and other equity securities of the Company. Such persons are required by SEC
 regulation to furnish the Company with copies of all Section 16(a) reports they file.

To the Company s knowledge, based solely on its review of the copies of such reports received by it with respect to fiscal 2022, or written representations from certain reporting persons,
 the Company believes that all filing requirements applicable to its directors, officers and persons who own more than 10 of a registered class of the Company s equity securities have been timely complied with.

Code of Ethics

CreditRiskMonitor s Board of Directors has adopted a Code of Ethics for its Principal Executive Officer and Senior Financial Officers. This Code applies to the Company s Chief Executive
 Officer, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer (who also is the Company s principal accounting officer).

ITEM 11. 

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION.

The following table shows all cash compensation paid or to be paid by the Company during the fiscal years indicated to the chief executive officer and all other executive officers of the
 Company as of the end of the Company s last fiscal year.

SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE

Name and Principal 

 Position

Year

Salary

Bonus (1) 

Option Awards (2) 

All Other

 Compensation

Total

Jerome S. Flum, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

2022

 2021

150,000

 150,000

0

 0

-

 -

-

 - 

150,000

 150,000

Michael I. Flum, President

2022

 2021

184,193

 180,820

33,000

 12,000

6,617

 -

-

 -

223,810

 192,820

Steven Gargano, Chief Financial Officer

2022

 2021

189,800

 185,400

38,000

 38,000

720

 -

-

 -

228,520

 223,400

(1) The amounts in this column reflect bonuses awarded for the fiscal year shown but paid in the subsequent fiscal year.

40 

(2) Represents the compensation costs of stock option awards for financial reporting purposes for the year under ASC 718,
 rather than an amount paid to or realized by the Named Executive Officer. See Note 5 of the Notes to Financial Statements for a discussion of the assumptions used in calculating the aggregate grant date fair value computed in accordance
 with ASC 718. The ASC 718 value as of the grant date for stock options is spread over the number of months of service required for the grant to become non-forfeitable. There can be no assurance that the ASC 718 amounts will ever be
 realized.

Outstanding Equity Awards

The following table sets forth all stock options granted to the Company s executive officers during the last fiscal year:

GRANTS OF PLAN-BASED AWARDS

Equity Grants

Name

Grant Date

All Other Stock 

 Awards: 

 Number of 

 Shares of Stock 
 or Units (#)

All Other 

 Option Awards:

 Number of 

 Securities 

 Underlying 

 Options (#)

Exercise or Base 

 Price of Option 

 Awards /Sh)

Grant Date Fair 

 Value of Stock

 and Option 

 Awards

Jerome S. Flum

N/A

N/A

N/A

N/A

N/A

Michael I. Flum

1/28/2022

N/A

30,000

1.85

55,500

Steven Gargano

1/28/2022

N/A

4,000

1.85

7,400

41 

The following table reflects outstanding equity grants to the Company s executive officers as of December 31, 2022:

OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR-END

Name

Number of Securities

 Underlying 

 Unexercised Options

 (#)

 Exercisable

Number of Securities

 Underlying 

 Unexercised Options

 (#)

 Un-exercisable

Equity Incentive Plan 

Awards: Number of 

Securities Underlying

 Unexercised 
 Unearned Options

 (#)

Option 

 Exercise 

 Price

 )

Option 

 Expiration Date

Jerome S. Flum

-0-

-0-

-0-

-0-

N/A

Michael I. Flum

-0-

50,000

-0-

1.45

10-24-29

-0-

25,000

-0-

2.19

10-29-29

-0-

30,000

-0-

1.85

01-28-32

Steven Gargano

-0-

12,000

-0-

1.80

07-29-29

-0-

3,000

-0-

2.19

10-29-29

-0-

4,000

-0-

1.85

01-28-32

The closing market price of the Company s common stock on December 31, 2022 was 2.40 per share.

The options under the above grants may be exercised after four years in installments upon the attainment of specified length of service. In the event of a change in control (as defined),
 the options will vest in full at the time of such change in control.

42 

Directors Fees

Effective January 1, 2016, non-employee directors receive 1,000 per quarter or a total of 4,000 per calendar year.

DIRECTOR COMPENSATION

Name

Fees Earned or 

 Paid in Cash (1) 

Option

 Awards (2) 

Total

Andrew J. Melnick

4,000

1,934

5,934

Joshua M. Flum

4,000

6,153

10,153

Richard Lippe

4,000

220

4,220

(1) 

Fees earned in 2022 was 4,000 per director. Fees paid in cash was 4,000 per director.

(2) 

Represents the compensations costs for financial reporting purposes for the year under ASC 718. See Note 5 to the Notes to Financial Statements for the assumptions made in determining ASC 718 values.

43 

ITEM 12. 

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS.

The following table sets forth as of March 1, 2023 information regarding the beneficial ownership of the Company s voting securities (i) by each person or group known by the Company to be
 the owner of record or beneficially of more than five percent of the Company s voting securities, (ii) by each of the Company s directors and executive officers, and (iii) by all directors and executive officers of the Company as a group.
 Except as indicated in the following notes, the owners have sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares. Unless otherwise noted, each owner s mailing address is c/o CreditRiskMonitor.com, Inc., 704 Executive Boulevard,
 Valley Cottage, NY 10989.

Name of

 Beneficial Owner

Amount and Nature of 

 Beneficial Ownership

Percent of

 Class

5 or Greater Stockholders

Santa Monica Partners, L.P.

 SMP Asset Management, LLC

 Lawrence J. Goldstein (1) 

 1865 Palmer Avenue

 Larchmont, NY 10538

693,744

6.47 

Flum Partners (2) 

5,641,134

52.08 

Named Executive Officers

Jerome S. Flum

6,239,776 (4)(5) 

57.61 

Michael I. Flum

6,500

----- 

Non-Employee Directors

Andrew J. Melnick (5) 

57,370

----- 

Richard Lippe

49,903

----- 

Joshua M. Flum (6) 

23,700

----- 

All directors and executive officers

 (as a group (5 persons))

6,377,249 (3)(4) 

59.48 

less than 1 

(1) Based on the information contained in a Schedule 13G/A filed February 1, 2019. The general

partner of Santa Monica Partners, L.P. is SMP Asset Management, LLC. Lawrence J. Goldstein is an individual investor, the sole managing member and the sole owner of SMP Asset Management, LLC, and

may be deemed to beneficially own these shares. 

(2) The general partners of Flum Partners are Jerome S. Flum, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of the Company;
 Michael I. Flum, President and Chief Operating Officer of the Company; and Barbara Schwartz, spouse of Jerome S. Flum. The controlling general partner is Jerome S. Flum.

44 

(3) Includes 5,641,134 shares owned by Flum Partners, of which Mr. Flum is the controlling general partner, which are also
 deemed to be beneficially owned by Mr. Flum because of his power, as controlling general partner of Flum Partners, to direct the voting of such shares held by the partnership. Mr. Flum disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares owned by
 Flum Partners. The 6,239,776 shares of Common Stock, or 57.61 of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, may also be deemed to be owned, beneficially and collectively, by Flum Partners and Mr. Flum, as a group , within the meaning of
 Section 13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Act ).

(4) Includes 7,800 shares of Common Stock owned by a grandchild of Mr. Flum, the beneficial ownership of which is disclaimed by
 Mr. Flum. Also, includes 260,000 shares of Common Stock owned by Family Trusts established by Mr. Flum, the beneficial ownership of which is disclaimed by Mr. Flum.

(5) Includes 55,770 shares of Common Stock and 1,600 shares of Common Stock which may be acquired upon the exercise of stock
 options which have vested or will vest within 60 days of March 10, 2023.

(6) Includes 6,500 shares of Common Stock and 17,200 shares of Common Stock which may be acquired upon the exercise of stock
 options which have vested or will vest within 60 days of March 10, 2023.

The Company s current equity compensation plan approved by stockholders is the 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan. The 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan provides for the grant of options and other
 awards up to an aggregate of 1,000,000 shares of common stock. The Company s previous equity compensation plan approved by stockholders was the 2009 Long-Term Incentive Plan. The 2009 Long-Term Incentive Plan provided for the grant of
 options and other awards up to an aggregate of 1,000,000 shares of common stock. This plan expired at the end of 2019.

The following table summarizes information about the Company s common stock that may be issued upon the exercise of options, warrants and rights under all equity compensation plans of the
 Company as of December 31, 2022.

Plan category

Number of securities

 to be issued upon

 exercise of

 outstanding options,

 warrants and rights

Weighted average

 exercise price of

 outstanding

 options, warrants

 and rights

Number of 

 securities

 remaining available 

 for

 future issuance 

 under

 equity 

 compensation

 plans (excluding

 securities reflected

 in

 first column)

Equity compensation plans approved by stockholders

627,600

2.00

683,400

Total

627,600

2.00

683,400

45 

ITEM 13. 

CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS.

There were no such reportable relationships or related transactions in 2022.

ITEM 14. 

PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES.

The aggregate fees incurred by CohnReznick LLP for professional services rendered to the Company for the last two fiscal years are as follows:

Fiscal Year Ended

December 31,

2022

2021

Audit fees (1) 

152,250

141,500

Audit related fees (2) 

-

- 

Tax fees (3) 

15,750

13,500

All other fees

-

-

Total fees

168,000

155,000

(1) 

Consists of fees for services provided in connection with the audit of the Company s financial statements and review of the Company s quarterly financial statements.

(2) 

Consists of fees for a ssurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of the Company s financial statements and are not reported under Audit
 fees. 

(3) 

Consists of fees for preparation of federal and state income tax returns.

The engagement of CohnReznick LLP for the 2022 and 2021 fiscal years and the scope of audit-related services, including the audits and reviews described above, and tax services were all
 pre-approved by the Audit Committee.

The policy of the Audit Committee is to pre-approve the engagement of the Company s independent auditors and the furnishing of all audit and non-audit services.

46 

PART IV

ITEM 15. 

EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

(a) 

Financial Statements contained in Item 8:

Page

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm , , PCAOB ID Number 596 

18 

Balance Sheets - December 31, 2022 and 2021

19 

Statements of Operations - Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021

20 

Statements of Stockholders Equity - Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021

21 

Statements of Cash Flows - Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021

22 

Notes to Financial Statements

23 

(b) 

Exhibits: 

3(i) 

Copy of the Company s Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation dated as of May 7, 1999 (incorporated by reference to Form 10-KSB for the year ended December 31, 1999, filed March 29, 2000)

3(ii) 

Company s By-Laws as amended March 9, 2020

10-D 

Copy of Company s 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Definitive Statement on Schedule 14C, filed March 25, 2021)

14 

CreditRiskMonitor.com, Inc. Code of Ethics for Principal Executive Officer and Senior Financial Officers (incorporated by reference to Form 10-KSB for the year ended December 31, 2003, filed March 30, 2004)

23 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

31.1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer

31.2 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer

32.1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

32.2 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

101.INS

XBRL Instance Document

101.SCH

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document

101.CAL

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document

101.DEF

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document

101.LAB

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document

101.PRE

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document

Filed herewith.

47 

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
 duly authorized.

CREDITRISKMONITOR.COM, INC.

(REGISTRANT)

Date: March 24, 2023

By: /s/ Jerome S. Flum

Jerome S. Flum

Chairman of the Board and

Chief Executive Officer

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates
 indicated.

Date: March 24, 2023

By: /s/ Jerome S. Flum

Jerome S. Flum

Chairman of the Board and

Chief Executive Officer

(Principal Executive Officer)

Date: March 24, 2023

By: /s/ Steven Gargano

Steven Gargano

Chief Financial Officer

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)

Date: March 24, 2023

By: /s/ Andrew J. Melnick

Andrew J. Melnick

Director

Date: March 24, 2023

By: /s/ Richard Lippe

Richard Lippe

Director

Date: March 24, 2023

By: /s/ Joshua M. Flum

Joshua M. Flum

Director

48 

<EX-23>
 2
 brhc10049637_ex23.htm
 EXHIBIT 23

EXHIBIT 23

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement Number 333-183652 of CreditRiskMonitor.com, Inc. on Form S-8 of our report dated March 24, 2023 on our audits of the
 financial statements of CreditRiskMonitor.com, Inc. as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for each of the years then ended appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of CreditRiskMonitor.com, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022.

/s/ CohnReznick LLP

 Melville, New York

 March 24, 2023

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 brhc10049637_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

I, Jerome S. Flum, certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of CreditRiskMonitor.com, Inc.;

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
 misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and
 for, the periods presented in this report;

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
 subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and
 the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by
 this report based on such evaluation; and

d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
 (or persons performing the equivalent function):

a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and
 report financial information; and

b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting.

Date: March 24, 2023

By:

/s/ Jerome S. Flum

Jerome S. Flum

Chief Executive Officer

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 brhc10049637_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

I, Steven Gargano, certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of CreditRiskMonitor.com, Inc.;

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
 misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and
 for, the periods presented in this report;

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
 subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and
 the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by
 this report based on such evaluation; and

d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
 (or persons performing the equivalent function):

a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and
 report financial information; and

b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting.

Date: March 24, 2023

By:

/s/ Steven Gargano

Steven Gargano

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 brhc10049637_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the Annual Report of CreditRiskMonitor.com, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the
 Report ), I, Jerome S. Flum, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge:

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

By:

/s/ Jerome S. Flum

Jerome S. Flum

Chief Executive Officer

March 24, 2023

This certification is being furnished to the SEC with this Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by such Act, be deemed filed by the Company for
 purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to liability of that section.

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 brhc10049637_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the Annual Report of CreditRiskMonitor.com, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the
 Report ), I, Steven Gargano, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge:

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

By:

/s/ Steven Gargano

Steven Gargano

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)

March 24, 2023

This certification is being furnished to the SEC with this Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by such Act, be deemed filed by the Company for
 purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to liability of that section.

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 crmz-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 crmz-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 crmz-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 crmz-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 crmz-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

