<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230301_10-K_edgar_data_1411494_0001411494-23-000010.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>22134695</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>904047</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3506535</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>8506432</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4619128</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4194462</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>20</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001411494-23-000010.hdr.sgml : 20230301
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230228215150
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001411494-23-000010
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		149
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230301
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230228

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Apollo Asset Management, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001411494
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INVESTMENT ADVICE [6282]
		IRS NUMBER:				208880053
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35107
		FILM NUMBER:		23689519

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9 WEST 57TH STREET, 42ND FLOOR
		CITY:			new York
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10019
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-515-3200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9 WEST 57TH STREET, 42ND FLOOR
		CITY:			new York
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10019

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Apollo Global Management, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20190905

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Apollo Global Management LLC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070904

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001411494-23-000010.txt : 20230301

10-K
 1
 apo-20221231.htm
 10-K

apo-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 
 Form 
 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED , 2022 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 Yes x 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 Yes x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer x Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C.7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No x 
 As of February 27, 2023, there were shares of common stock of the Registrant outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

TABLE OF CONTENTS Page PART I Item 1. Business 
 9 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 19 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 39 
 Item 2. Properties 
 39 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 39 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 39 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 40 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 40 
 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 41 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risks 
 69 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 74 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 134 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 134 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 134 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspection 
 134 
 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 135 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 139 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 153 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 154 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 165 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 167 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 176 
 SIGNATURES 
 177 

-2- 

Table of Contents 

 Forward-Looking Statements 
 This report may contain forward-looking statements that are within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). These statements include, but are not limited to, discussions related to Apollo s expectations regarding the performance of its business, its liquidity and capital resources and the other non-historical statements in the discussion and analysis. These forward-looking statements are based on management s beliefs, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, management. When used in this report, the words believe, anticipate, estimate, expect, intend, target or future or conditional verbs, such as will, should, could, or may, and variations of such words or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although management believes that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, it can give no assurance that these expectations will prove to have been correct. These statements are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including risks relating to inflation, market conditions and interest rate fluctuations generally, the impact of COVID-19, the impact of energy market dislocation, our ability to manage our growth, our ability to operate in highly competitive environments, the performance of the funds we manage, our ability to raise new funds, the variability of our revenues, earnings and cash flow, the accuracy of management s assumptions and estimates, our dependence on certain key personnel, our use of leverage to finance our businesses and investments by the funds we manage, changes in our regulatory environment and tax status, and litigation risks, among others. We believe these factors include but are not limited to those described under the section entitled Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, as such factors may be updated from time to time in our periodic filings with the SEC, which are accessible on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. These factors should not be construed as exhaustive and should be read in conjunction with the other cautionary statements that are included in this report and in our other filings with the SEC. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or review any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise, except as required by applicable law. 
 Risk Factors Summary 
 The following is only a summary of the principal risks that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, which should be read in conjunction with the detailed description of these risks in Item 1A. Risk Factors. Some of the factors that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 
 Difficult political, market or economic conditions; 
 The effects of public health crises, including the COVID-19 pandemic; 
 Climate change and regulatory and other efforts to reduce climate change; 
 Our ability to expand into new investment strategies, markets and businesses; 
 Our operations in highly competitive industries; 
 Our dependence on certain key personnel; 
 Harm caused by misconduct by our current and former employees, directors, or others affiliated with us; 
 Our reliance on technology and information systems; 
 Our dependence on management s assumptions and estimates; 
 Investments by us and the funds we manage in illiquid assets; 
 Reliance by us and the funds we manage on the debt financing markets; 
 Changes to and replacement of the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR 
 The variability in our revenues, earnings and cash flow; 
 Experiencing a decline in our revenue; 
 Our dependence on investors in the funds we manage; 
 Historical performance metrics being unreliable indicators of our current or future results of operations; 
 Valuations for funds we manage entailing significant complications and not being an indicator of actual realizations; 
 Investments of the funds we manage entailing significant risks and uncertainties; 
 The financial performance of portfolio companies and industries in which the funds we manage invest; 
 Numerous additional risks of the funds we manage in our yield strategy; 
 Our ability to deal appropriately with conflicts of interest; 
 Increased regulatory focus on our businesses or legislative or regulatory changes; 
 Our exposure to third-party litigation; 
 Our structure involving complex provisions of tax law; and 
 Our ability to react to changes in U.S. and non-U.S. tax law . 

-3- 

Table of Contents 

 Terms Used in This Report 
 On January 1, 2022, Apollo Global Management, Inc. completed the previously announced merger transactions with Athene (the Mergers ). Upon the closing of the Mergers, Apollo Global Management, Inc. was renamed Apollo Asset Management, Inc. AAM and became a subsidiary of Tango Holdings, Inc., and Tango Holdings, Inc. was renamed Apollo Global Management, Inc. AGM ). 
 In this report, references to Apollo, we, us, our, and the Company refer collectively to AAM and its subsidiaries. References to Class A shares refer to the Class A common stock, 0.00001 par value per share, of AAM prior to the Mergers; Class B share refers to the Class B common stock, 0.00001 par value per share, of AAM prior to the Mergers; Class C share refers to the Class C common stock, 0.00001 par value per share, of AAM prior to the Mergers; Series A Preferred shares refers to the 6.375 Series A preferred stock of AAM; Series B Preferred shares refers to the 6.375 Series B preferred stock of AAM; and Preferred shares refers to the Series A Preferred shares and the Series B Preferred shares, collectively. In addition, references to common stock of the Company refer to the authorized shares of common stock, par value 0.00001 per share, of AAM following the Mergers. 
 The use of any defined term in this report to mean more than one entity, person, security or other item collectively is solely for convenience of reference and in no way implies that such entities, persons, securities or other items are one indistinguishable group. For example, notwithstanding the use of the defined terms Apollo, we, us, our, and the Company in this report to refer to AAM and its subsidiaries, each subsidiary of AAM is a standalone legal entity that is separate and distinct from AAM and any of its other subsidiaries. Any AAM entity referenced herein is responsible for its own financial, contractual and legal obligations. 
 Term or Acronym Definition AAA Apollo Aligned Alternatives, L.P., together with its parallel funds and alternative investment vehicles Accord+ Apollo Accord+ Fund, L.P., together with its parallel funds and alternative investment vehicles Accord V Apollo Accord Fund V, L.P., together with its parallel funds and alternative investment vehicles AIOF I Apollo Infra Equity US Fund, L.P., Apollo Infra Equity Feeder Fund (TE), L.P., Apollo Infra Equity International Fund, L.P., and Apollo Infra Equity Feeder Fund (Non-US), L.P. and their alternative investment vehicles AIOF II Apollo Infrastructure Opportunities Fund II, L.P., together with its parallel funds and alternative investment vehicles AMH Apollo Management Holdings, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, that is an indirect subsidiary of AAM 
 ANRP I Apollo Natural Resources Partners, L.P., together with its alternative investment vehicles ANRP II Apollo Natural Resources Partners II, L.P., together with its alternative investment vehicles ANRP III Apollo Natural Resources Partners III, L.P., together with its parallel funds and alternative investment vehicles AOG Unit Payment On December 31, 2021, holders of units of the Apollo Operating Group AOG Units (other than Athene and the Company) sold and transferred a portion of such AOG Units to APO Corp., a wholly-owned consolidated subsidiary of the Company, in exchange for an amount equal to 3.66 multiplied by the total number of AOG Units held by such holders immediately prior to such transaction. Apollo funds, our funds and references to the funds we manage The funds (including the parallel funds and alternative investment vehicles of such funds), partnerships, accounts, including strategic investment accounts or SIAs, alternative asset companies and other entities for which subsidiaries of the Apollo Operating Group provide investment management or advisory services. 
 Apollo Operating Group (i) The entities through which we currently operate our business and (ii) one or more entities formed for the purpose of, among other activities, holding certain of our gains or losses on our principal investments in the funds, which we refer to as our principal investments. 
 Apollo S3 Equity Holdings Apollo S3 Equity Holdings, L.P. APSG I Apollo Strategic Growth Capital APSG II Apollo Strategic Growth Capital II Asia RE Fund I Apollo Asia Real Estate Fund I, L.P., including co-investment vehicles Asia RE Fund II Apollo Asia Real Estate Fund II, L.P., together with its parallel funds and co-investment vehicles 
 -4- 

Table of Contents 

 Assets Under Management, or AUM The assets of the funds, partnerships and accounts to which we provide investment management, advisory, or certain other investment-related services, including, without limitation, capital that such funds, partnerships and accounts have the right to call from investors pursuant to capital commitments. Our AUM equals the sum of: 
 (i) the net asset value, or NAV, plus used or available leverage and/or capital commitments, or gross assets plus capital commitments, of the yield and certain hybrid funds, partnerships and accounts for which we provide investment management or advisory services, other than certain collateralized loan obligations CLOs ), collateralized debt obligations CDOs ), and certain perpetual capital vehicles, which have a fee-generating basis other than the mark-to-market value of the underlying assets; for certain perpetual capital vehicles in yield, gross asset value plus available financing capacity; 
 (ii) the fair value of the investments of the equity and certain hybrid funds, partnerships and accounts we manage or advise, plus the capital that such funds, partnerships and accounts are entitled to call from investors pursuant to capital commitments, plus portfolio level financings; 
 (iii) the gross asset value associated with the reinsurance investments of the portfolio company assets we manage or advise; and 
 (iv) the fair value of any other assets that we manage or advise for the funds, partnerships and accounts to which we provide investment management, advisory, or certain other investment-related services, plus unused credit facilities, including capital commitments to such funds, partnerships and accounts for investments that may require pre-qualification or other conditions before investment plus any other capital commitments to such funds, partnerships and accounts available for investment that are not otherwise included in the clauses above. 
 Our AUM measure includes Assets Under Management for which we charge either nominal or zero fees. Our AUM measure also includes assets for which we do not have investment discretion, including certain assets for which we earn only investment-related service fees, rather than management or advisory fees. Our definition of AUM is not based on any definition of Assets Under Management contained in our governing documents or in any management agreements of the funds we manage. We consider multiple factors for determining what should be included in our definition of AUM. Such factors include but are not limited to (1) our ability to influence the investment decisions for existing and available assets; (2) our ability to generate income from the underlying assets in the funds we manage; and (3) the AUM measures that we use internally or believe are used by other investment managers. Given the differences in the investment strategies and structures among other alternative investment managers, our calculation of AUM may differ from the calculations employed by other investment managers and, as a result, this measure may not be directly comparable to similar measures presented by other investment managers. Our calculation also differs from the manner in which our affiliates registered with the SEC report Regulatory Assets Under Management on Form ADV and Form PF in various ways. 
 We use AUM, Gross capital deployment and Dry powder as performance measurements of our investment activities, as well as to monitor fund size in relation to professional resource and infrastructure needs. 
 Athene Athene Holding or AHL refers to Athene Holding Ltd. (together with its subsidiaries, Athene ), a leading financial services company specializing in retirement services that issues, reinsures and acquires retirement savings products designed for the increasing number of individuals and institutions seeking to fund retirement needs, and to which Apollo, through its consolidated subsidiary Apollo Insurance Solutions Group LP (formerly known as Athene Asset Management LLC) ISG ), provides asset management and advisory services. Athene Holding is a subsidiary of our parent company, Apollo Global Management, Inc. 
 Athora Athora Holding, Ltd. Athora Holding and together with its subsidiaries, Athora ), a strategic liabilities platform that acquires or reinsures blocks of insurance business in the German and broader European life insurance market (collectively, the Athora Accounts ). The Company, through ISGI, provides investment advisory services to Athora. Athora Non-Sub-Advised Assets includes the Athora assets which are managed by Apollo but not sub-advised by Apollo nor invested in Apollo funds or investment vehicles. Athora Sub-Advised includes assets which the Company explicitly sub-advises as well as those assets in the Athora Accounts which are invested directly in funds and investment vehicles Apollo manages. 
 Atlas An equity investment of AAA and refers to certain subsidiaries of Atlas Securitized Products Holdings LP AUM with Future Management Fee Potential The committed uninvested capital portion of total AUM not currently earning management fees. The amount depends on the specific terms and conditions of each fund. 
 -5- 

Table of Contents 

 Capital solutions fees and other, net Primarily includes transaction fees earned by our capital solutions business which we refer to as Apollo Capital Solutions ("ACS") related to underwriting, structuring, arrangement and placement of debt and equity securities, and syndication for funds managed by Apollo, portfolio companies of funds managed by Apollo, and third parties. Capital solutions fees and other, net also includes advisory fees for the ongoing monitoring of portfolio operations and director's fees. These fees also include certain offsetting amounts including reductions in management fees related to a percentage of these fees recognized ("management fee offset") and other additional revenue sharing arrangements. 
 Contributing Partners Those of our current and former partners and their related parties (other than Messrs. Leon Black, Joshua Harris and Marc Rowan, our co-founders) who indirectly beneficially owned (through Holdings) Apollo Operating Group units. 
 CS Credit Suisse AG Dry Powder The amount of capital available for investment or reinvestment subject to the provisions of the applicable limited partnership agreements or other governing agreements of the funds, partnerships and accounts we manage. Dry powder excludes uncalled commitments which can only be called for fund fees and expenses and commitments from perpetual capital vehicles. EPF I Apollo European Principal Finance Fund, L.P., together with its parallel funds and alternative investment vehicles EPF II Apollo European Principal Finance Fund II (Dollar A), L.P., together with its parallel funds and alternative investment vehicles EPF III Apollo European Principal Finance Fund III (Dollar A), L.P., together with its parallel funds and alternative investment vehicles EPF IV Apollo European Principal Finance Fund IV (Dollar A), L.P., together with its parallel funds and alternative investment vehicles Equity Plan Refers collectively to AGM s 2019 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan and AGM s 2019 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan for Estate Planning Vehicles. 
 FCI IV Financial Credit Investment Fund IV Fee-Generating AUM Fee-Generating AUM consists of assets of the funds, partnerships and accounts to which we provide investment management, advisory, or certain other investment-related services and on which we earn management fees, monitoring fees or other investment-related fees pursuant to management or other fee agreements on a basis that varies among the Apollo funds, partnerships and accounts. Management fees are normally based on net asset value, gross assets, adjusted par asset value, adjusted cost of all unrealized portfolio investments, capital commitments, adjusted assets, stockholders equity, invested capital or capital contributions, each as defined in the applicable management agreement. Monitoring fees, also referred to as advisory fees, with respect to the structured portfolio company investments of the funds, partnerships and accounts we manage or advise, are generally based on the total value of such structured portfolio company investments, which normally includes leverage, less any portion of such total value that is already considered in Fee-Generating AUM. Former Managing Partners Messrs. Leon Black, Joshua Harris and Marc Rowan collectively and, when used in reference to holdings of interests in Apollo or Holdings, includes certain related parties of such individuals 
 Gross capital deployment 
 The gross capital that has been invested in investments by the funds and accounts we manage during the relevant period, but excludes certain investment activities primarily related to hedging and cash management functions at the firm. Gross capital deployment is not reduced or netted down by sales or refinancings, and takes into account leverage used by the funds and accounts we manage in gaining exposure to the various investments that they have made. 
 Gross IRR of a traditional private equity or hybrid value fund The cumulative investment-related cash flows (i) for a given investment for the fund or funds which made such investment, and (ii) for a given fund, in the relevant fund itself (and not any one investor in the fund), in each case, on the basis of the actual timing of investment inflows and outflows (for unrealized investments assuming disposition on December 31, 2022 or other date specified) aggregated on a gross basis quarterly, and the return is annualized and compounded before management fees, performance fees and certain other expenses (including interest incurred by the fund itself) and measures the returns on the fund s investments as a whole without regard to whether all of the returns would, if distributed, be payable to the fund s investors. In addition, gross IRRs at the fund level will differ from those at the individual investor level as a result of, among other factors, timing of investor-level inflows and outflows. Gross IRR does not represent the return to any fund investor. 
 
 -6- 

Table of Contents 

 Gross Return or Gross ROE of a total return yield fund or the hybrid credit hedge fund The monthly or quarterly time-weighted return that is equal to the percentage change in the value of a fund s portfolio, adjusted for all contributions and withdrawals (cash flows) before the effects of management fees, incentive fees allocated to the general partner, or other fees and expenses. Returns for these categories are calculated for all funds and accounts in the respective strategies. Returns over multiple periods are calculated by geometrically linking each period s return over time. Gross return and gross ROE do not represent the return to any fund investor. 
 HoldCo Apollo Global Management, Inc. (f/k/a Tango Holdings, Inc.) Holdings AP Professional Holdings, L.P., a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership through which our Former Managing Partners and Contributing Partners indirectly beneficially owned their interests in the Apollo Operating Group units. HVF I Apollo Hybrid Value Fund, L.P., together with its parallel funds and alternative investment vehicles HVF II Apollo Hybrid Value Fund II, L.P., together with its parallel funds and alternative investment vehicles Inflows (i) At the individual strategy level, subscriptions, commitments, and other increases in available capital, such as acquisitions or leverage, net of inter-strategy transfers, and (ii) on an aggregate basis, the sum of inflows across the yield, hybrid and equity investing strategies. ISGI Refers collectively to Apollo Asset Management Europe LLP, a subsidiary of Apollo ("AAME") and Apollo Asset Management PC LLP, a wholly-owned subsidiary of AAME ("AAME PC") MFIC MidCap Financial Investment Corporation (f/k/a Apollo Investment Corporation or "AINV") MidCap MidCap FinCo Designated Activity Company Net IRR of a traditional private equity or the hybrid value funds The gross IRR applicable to the fund, including returns for related parties which may not pay fees or performance fees, net of management fees, certain expenses (including interest incurred or earned by the fund itself) and realized performance fees all offset to the extent of interest income, and measures returns at the fund level on amounts that, if distributed, would be paid to investors of the fund. The timing of cash flows applicable to investments, management fees and certain expenses, may be adjusted for the usage of a fund s subscription facility. To the extent that a fund exceeds all requirements detailed within the applicable fund agreement, the estimated unrealized value is adjusted such that a percentage of up to 20.0 of the unrealized gain is allocated to the general partner of such fund, thereby reducing the balance attributable to fund investors. In addition, net IRR at the fund level will differ from that at the individual investor level as a result of, among other factors, timing of investor-level inflows and outflows. Net IRR does not represent the return to any fund investor. Net Return or Net ROE of a total return yield fund or the hybrid credit hedge fund The gross return after management fees, performance fees allocated to the general partner, or other fees and expenses. Returns over multiple periods are calculated by geometrically linking each period s return over time. Net return and net ROE do not represent the return to any fund investor. 
 NYC UBT New York City Unincorporated Business Tax Other operating expenses within the Principal Investing segment Expenses incurred in the normal course of business and includes allocations of non-compensation expenses related to managing the business. 
 Performance allocations, Performance fees, Performance revenues, Incentive fees and Incentive income The interests granted to Apollo by a fund managed by Apollo that entitle Apollo to receive allocations, distributions or fees which are based on the performance of such fund or its underlying investments. 
 -7- 

Table of Contents 

 Performance Fee-Eligible AUM AUM that may eventually produce performance fees. All funds for which we are entitled to receive a performance fee allocation or incentive fee are included in Performance Fee-Eligible AUM, which consists of the following: 
 (i) Performance Fee-Generating AUM , which refers to invested capital of the funds, partnerships and accounts we manage, advise, or to which we provide certain other investment-related services, that is currently above its hurdle rate or preferred return, and profit of such funds, partnerships and accounts is being allocated to, or earned by, the general partner in accordance with the applicable limited partnership agreements or other governing agreements; 
 (ii) AUM Not Currently Generating Performance Fees , which refers to invested capital of the funds, partnerships and accounts we manage, advise, or to which we provide certain other investment-related services, that is currently below its hurdle rate or preferred return; and 
 (iii) Uninvested Performance Fee-Eligible AUM , which refers to capital of the funds, partnerships and accounts we manage, advise, or to which we provide certain other investment-related services, that is available for investment or reinvestment subject to the provisions of applicable limited partnership agreements or other governing agreements, which capital is not currently part of the NAV or fair value of investments that may eventually produce performance fees allocable to, or earned by, the general partner. 
 Perpetual capital Assets under management of indefinite duration, that may only be withdrawn under certain conditions or subject to certain limitations, including but not limited to satisfying required hold periods or percentage limits on the amounts that may be redeemed over a particular period. The investment management, advisory or other service agreements with our perpetual capital vehicles may be terminated under certain circumstances. 
 Principal investing compensation Realized performance compensation, distributions related to investment income and dividends, and includes allocations of certain compensation expenses related to managing the business. 
 Private equity investments (i) Direct or indirect investments in existing and future private equity funds managed or sponsored by Apollo, (ii) direct or indirect co-investments with existing and future private equity funds managed or sponsored by Apollo, (iii) direct or indirect investments in securities which are not immediately capable of resale in a public market that Apollo identifies but does not pursue through its private equity funds, and (iv) investments of the type described in (i) through (iii) above made by Apollo funds. Redding Ridge Redding Ridge Asset Management, LLC and its subsidiaries, which is a standalone, self-managed asset management business established in connection with risk retention rules that manages CLOs and retains the required risk retention interests. SCRF IV Structured Credit Recovery Master Fund IV Traditional private equity funds Apollo Investment Fund I, L.P. Fund I ), AIF II, L.P. Fund II ), a mirrored investment account established to mirror Fund I and Fund II for investments in debt securities MIA ), Apollo Investment Fund III, L.P. (together with its parallel funds, Fund III ), Apollo Investment Fund IV, L.P. (together with its parallel fund, Fund IV ), Apollo Investment Fund V, L.P. (together with its parallel funds and alternative investment vehicles, Fund V ), Apollo Investment Fund VI, L.P. (together with its parallel funds and alternative investment vehicles, Fund VI ), Apollo Investment Fund VII, L.P. (together with its parallel funds and alternative investment vehicles, Fund VII ), Apollo Investment Fund VIII, L.P. (together with its parallel funds and alternative investment vehicles, Fund VIII and Apollo Investment Fund IX, L.P. (together with its parallel funds and alternative investment vehicles, Fund IX ). 
 U.S. RE Fund I AGRE U.S. Real Estate Fund, L.P., including co-investment vehicles 
 U.S. RE Fund II Apollo U.S. Real Estate Fund II, L.P., including co-investment vehicles U.S. RE Fund III Apollo U.S. Real Estate Fund III, L.P., including co-investment vehicles 

-8- 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 
 Index to Business 
 Overview 
 9 
 Our Businesses 
 9 
 Asset Management 
 9 
 Principal Investing 
 13 
 Competition 
 13 
 Human Capital 
 14 
 Environmental, Social and Governance 
 15 
 Regulatory and Compliance Matters 
 15 
 Available Information 
 19 

Overview 
 Founded in 1990, Apollo is a high-growth, global alternative asset manager. Apollo conducts its business primarily in the United States through the following two reportable segments: asset management and principal investing. These business segments are differentiated based on the investment services they provide as well as varying investing strategies. 
 On January 1, 2022, the Company completed the previously announced merger transactions with Athene. At the closing of the Mergers, AAM and Athene became subsidiaries of AGM Inc. 
 
 Our Business 
 
 Asset Management 
 Our asset management segment focuses on three investing strategies: yield, hybrid and equity. These strategies reflect the range of investment capabilities across our platform based on relative risk and return. As an asset manager, we earn fees for providing investment management services and expertise to our client base. The amount of fees charged for managing these assets depends on the underlying investment strategy, liquidity profile, and, ultimately our ability to generate returns for our clients. We also earn capital solutions fees as part of our growing capital solutions business and as part of monitoring and deployment activity alongside our sizable private equity franchise. After expenses, we call the resulting earning stream Fee Related Earnings or FRE , which represents the primary performance measure for the asset management segment. As of December 31, 2022, we had total AUM of 547.6 billion. 
 Apollo had a team of 2,540 employees as of December 31, 2022, with offices throughout the world. This team possesses a broad range of transaction, financial, managerial and investment skills. We operate our asset management business in a highly integrated manner, which we believe distinguishes us from other alternative asset managers. Our investment teams frequently collaborate across disciplines and we believe that this collaboration enables our clients to more successfully invest across a company s capital structure. Our objective is to achieve superior long-term risk-adjusted returns for our clients. The majority of the investment funds we manage are designed to invest capital over a period of several years from inception, thereby allowing us to seek to generate attractive long-term returns throughout economic cycles. We have a contrarian, value-oriented investment approach, emphasizing downside protection, and the preservation of capital. We believe our contrarian investment approach is reflected in a number of ways, including: 
 our willingness to pursue investments in industries that our competitors typically avoid; 
 the often complex structures employed in some of the investments of our funds; 
 our experience investing during periods of uncertainty or distress in the economy or financial markets; and 
 our willingness to undertake transactions that have substantial business, regulatory or legal complexity. 
 We have applied this investment philosophy to identify what we believe are attractive investment opportunities, deploy capital across the balance sheet of industry leading, or franchise, businesses and create value throughout economic cycles. 
 -9- 

Table of Contents 

 Yield 
 Yield is our largest asset management strategy with 392.5 billion of AUM as of December 31, 2022. Our yield strategy focuses on generating excess returns through high-quality credit underwriting and origination. Beyond participation in the traditional issuance and secondary credit markets, through our affiliated origination platforms and corporate solutions capabilities we seek to originate attractive and safe-yielding assets for the investors in the funds we manage. Within our yield strategy, we target 4 to 10 returns for our clients. Since inception, the total return yield fund has generated a 5 gross Return on Equity ROE and 4 net ROE annualized through December 31, 2022. The investment portfolios of the yield-oriented funds Apollo manages include several asset classes, as described below: 
 Corporate Fixed Income 100.9 billion of AUM), which generally includes investment grade corporate bonds, emerging markets investments and investment grade private placement investments; 
 Corporate Credit 76.7 billion of AUM), which includes performing credit investments, including income-oriented, senior loan and bond investments involving issuers primarily domiciled in the U.S. and in Europe as well as investment grade asset-backed securities; 
 Structured Credit 78.5 billion of AUM), which includes corporate structured and asset-backed securities as well as consumer and residential real estate credit investments; 
 Real Estate Debt 38.9 billion of AUM), including debt investments across a broad spectrum of property types and at various points within a property s capital structure, including first mortgage and mezzanine financing and preferred equity; and 
 Direct Origination 35.5 billion of AUM), which includes originations (both directly with sponsors and through banks) and investments in loans primarily related to middle market lending and aviation finance. 
 Hybrid 
 Our hybrid strategy, with 56.4 billion of AUM as of December 31, 2022, brings together our capabilities across debt and equity to seek to offer a differentiated risk-adjusted return with an emphasis on structured downside protected opportunities across asset classes. We target 8 to 15 returns within our hybrid strategy by pursuing investments in all market environments, deploying capital during both periods of dislocation and market strength, and focusing on different investing strategies and asset classes. The flagship hybrid credit hedge fund we manage has generated an 11 gross ROE and 7 net ROE annualized and the hybrid value funds we manage have generated a 21 gross IRR and a 16 net IRR from inception through December 31, 2022. The investing strategies and asset classes within our hybrid strategy are described below: 
 Accord and Credit Strategies 10.8 billion of AUM), which refers to the investment strategy of certain funds managed by Apollo that invest opportunistically in both the primary and secondary markets in order to seek to capitalize on both near- and longer-term relative value across market cycles. The investment portfolios of these funds include credit investments in a broad array of primary and secondary opportunities encompassing stressed and distressed public and private securities, including senior loans (secured and unsecured), large corporate investment grade loan origination and structured capital solutions, high yield, mezzanine, derivative securities, debtor in possession financings, rescue or bridge financings, and other debt investments. 
 Hybrid Value 10.3 billion of AUM), which refers to the investment strategy of certain funds managed by Apollo that focus on providing companies with, among other things, rescue financing or customized capital solutions, including senior secured and unsecured debt or preferred equity securities, often with equity-linked or equity-like upside, as well as structured equity investments. 
 Infrastructure Equity 5.4 billion of AUM), which refers to the investment strategy of certain funds managed by Apollo that focus on investing in a broad range of infrastructure assets, including communications, midstream energy, power and renewables, and transportation related assets. 
 Hybrid Real Estate 5.1 billion of AUM), which includes our real estate income focused strategies, including core, core plus and net lease investments. Our hybrid real estate strategy consists of public and private funds that focus on investing in substantially stabilized commercial real estate properties across property types and geographies, both in the United States and in Europe . 
 -10- 

Table of Contents 

 Equity 
 Our equity strategy represents 98.8 billion of AUM as of December 31, 2022. Our equity strategy emphasizes flexibility, complexity, and purchase price discipline to drive opportunistic-like returns for our clients throughout market cycles. Apollo s equity team has experience across sectors, industries, and geographies in both private equity and real estate equity. Our control equity transactions are principally buyouts, corporate carveouts and distressed investments, while the real estate funds we manage generally transact in single asset, portfolio and platform acquisitions. Within our equity strategy, we target upwards of 15 returns in the funds we manage. We have consistently produced attractive long-term investment returns in the traditional private equity funds we manage, generating a 39 gross IRR and a 24 net IRR on a compound annual basis from inception through December 31, 2022. Our equity strategy focuses on several investing strategies as described below: 
 Flagship Private Equity 69.1 billion of AUM) , which refers to our investment strategy focused on creating investment opportunities with attractive risk-adjusted returns across industries and geographies and throughout market cycles, utilizing our value-oriented investment approach. Through this strategy, we seek to build portfolios of investments that are created at meaningful discounts to comparable market multiples of adjusted cash flow, thereby resulting in what we believe are portfolios focused on capital preservation. The transactions in this strategy include opportunistic buyouts, corporate carveouts and distressed investments. After their acquisition by an Apollo-managed fund, Apollo works with the portfolio companies of the funds it manages to seek to accelerate growth and execute a value creation strategy. 
 
 Included within flagship private equity are assets related to our impact investment strategy, which pursues private equity-like investment opportunities with the intention of generating a positive, measurable, social and/or environmental impact while also seeking to generate attractive risk-adjusted returns. The impact investment strategy targets investment opportunities across five core impact-aligned investment themes: (i) economic opportunity, (ii) education; (iii) health, safety and wellness; (iv) industry 4.0; and (v) climate and sustainability. 
 
 European Principal Finance EPF 8.0 billion of AUM), which refers to our investment strategy focused on European commercial and residential real estate, performing loans, non-performing loans, and unsecured consumer loans, as well as acquiring assets as a result of distressed market situations. Certain of the European Principal Finance vehicles we manage also own captive pan-European financial institutions, loan servicing and property management platforms that perform banking and lending activities and manage and service consumer credit receivables and loans secured by commercial and residential properties. 
 
 Real Estate Equity 5.6 billion of AUM), which refers to our value add and opportunistic investment strategies that target investments in real estate and real estate-related assets, portfolios and platforms located across various real estate asset classes in regionally focused private funds in both the United States and Asia. 
 
 Perpetual Capital 
 Included within our investing strategies above is 321.4 billion of perpetual capital, out of the 547.6 billion of AUM as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, perpetual capital includes, without limitation, certain assets in our yield strategy, including assets relating to publicly traded and non-traded vehicles, certain origination platform assets and assets managed for certain of our retirement services clients. Perpetual capital assets may be withdrawn under certain circumstances and utilize a range of investment strategies, including those described previously. 
 Athene 
 Athene is a leading financial services company that specializes in issuing, reinsuring and acquiring retirement savings products designed for the increasing number of individuals and institutions seeking to fund retirement needs. The products and services offered by Athene principally include (1) annuities, such as fixed indexed annuities, fixed rate annuities, registered index-linked annuities, income riders to fixed annuity products, withdrawal options for deferred annuities, payout annuities and group annuities, and (2) institutional products, such as funding agreements. 
 The Company, through its consolidated subsidiary, ISG, provides a full suite of services for Athene s investment portfolio, including direct investment management, asset allocation, merger and acquisition asset diligence and certain operational support services, including investment compliance, tax, legal and risk management support. As of December 31, 2022, Apollo managed or advised 236.0 billion of AUM, of which 234.8 billion was Fee-Generating AUM, in accounts owned by or related to Athene Athene Accounts ). 
 -11- 

Table of Contents 

 AAM and Athene are under common control and are both subsidiaries of AGM. See note 14 to our consolidated financial statements for details regarding the fee arrangements between the Company and Athene. 
 Athora 
 The Company, through its consolidated subsidiary, ISGI, provides investment advisory services to certain portfolio companies of Apollo funds and Athora, a strategic liabilities platform that acquires or reinsures blocks of insurance business in the German and broader European life insurance market (collectively, the Athora Accounts ). As of December 31, 2022, Apollo, through its subsidiaries, managed or advised 52.6 billion of AUM and 49.8 billion of Fee-Generating AUM in Athora Accounts. See note 14 to our consolidated financial statements for details regarding the fee arrangements between the Company and Athora. 
 Athora Non-Sub-Advised Assets 
 This category includes the Athora assets which are managed by Apollo but not sub-advised by Apollo nor invested in Apollo funds or investment vehicles. We refer to these assets collectively as Athora Non-Sub-Advised Assets. Our AUM within the Athora Non-Sub-Advised category totaled 35.8 billion as of December 31, 2022, of which 32.9 billion was Fee-Generating AUM. 
 
 Fundraising and Investor Relations 
 Our fundraising strategy consists of the yield, hybrid, and equity strategies. We raise private capital from prominent institutional investors, and from public market investors, as in the case of MFIC, AFT, AIF and ARI. In our equity strategy and certain funds in our hybrid strategy, fundraising activities for new funds begin once the investor capital commitments for the current fund are largely invested or committed to be invested. The investor base includes new investors and investors from prior funds, which in many instances have increased their commitments to subsequent funds. During the fundraising effort for Fund IX, investors representing over 85 of Fund VIII s third party capital committed to Fund IX. The single largest unaffiliated investor in Fund IX represents 4 of Fund IX s total fund size. In addition, many of our investment professionals commit their own capital to each flagship equity fund. 
 We maintain a rigorous investment process for yield, hybrid, and equity investments, and have in place procedures to allocate investment opportunities among the funds we manage. We have professionals responsible for selecting, evaluating, structuring, performing due diligence on, negotiating, executing, monitoring and exiting investments for our traditional equity funds, and yield and hybrid funds we manage, respectively, as well as for pursuing operational improvements in the funds portfolio companies through management consulting arrangements in case of equity funds. Our investment committees for relevant funds review the analyses of prospective investments, and ultimately approve recommended investments and dispositions. 
 The processes by which our funds receive and invest capital vary by investing strategy and type of fund. However, in all types of funds we manage, investors deliver capital when called by us as investment opportunities become available. We also have several perpetual capital vehicles with unlimited duration that raise capital by issuing equity securities in the public markets and can also issue debt. Our hedge fund style yield funds, generally structured as limited partnerships with customary redemption rights, continuously offer and sell shares or limited partner interests via private placements through monthly subscriptions, which are payable in full upon a fund s acceptance of an investor s subscription. The general partner s capital commitment is determined through negotiation with the fund s underlying investor base, and commitments are generally available for approximately six years. Generally, as each investment is realized, these funds first return the capital and expenses related to that investment and any previously realized investments to fund investors and then distribute any profits (which are typically shared 80 to the investors in equity funds and 20 to us, so long as the investors receive at least an 8 compounded annual return on their investment). Allocation of profits between fund investors and us, and the amount of the preferred return, among other provisions, varies for hybrid funds as well as many yield funds. Ownership interests in equity funds and are not subject to redemption prior to termination of the funds. 
 Our aim has been to build value in the portfolio companies of the hybrid and equity funds we manage. We are actively engaged with the management teams of these portfolio companies to maximize the underlying value of the business, by taking a holistic approach to value-creation and concentrating on both the asset side and liability side of the balance sheet of a company. These portfolio companies seek to capture discounts on publicly traded debt securities through exchange offers and potential debt buybacks. Our established group purchasing program helps the funds' portfolio companies leverage the combined corporate spending among Apollo and portfolio companies of the funds it manages in order to seek to reduce costs, optimize payment terms and improve service levels for all program participants. 
 The value of the investments that have been made by funds are typically realized through either an initial public offering of common stock on a nationally recognized exchange or through the private sale of the companies in which funds have invested. 
 -12- 

Table of Contents 

 General Partner and Professionals Investments and Co-Investments 
 General Partner Investments 
 Certain management companies, general partners and co-invest vehicles are committed to contribute to the funds we manage and their affiliates. As a limited partner, general partner and manager of the Apollo funds, Apollo had unfunded capital commitments as of December 31, 2022 of 0.6 billion. 
 Professionals Investments 
 To further align our interests with those of investors in the funds we manage, certain of our professionals have invested their own capital in the funds. Our professionals will either re-invest their performance fees to fund these investments or use cash on hand or funds borrowed from third parties. We generally have not historically charged management fees or performance fees on capital invested by our professionals directly in the funds. 
 Co-Investments 
 Investors in many of the funds we manage, as well as certain other investors, may have the opportunity to make co-investments with the funds. Co-investments are investments in portfolio companies or other fund assets generally on the same terms and conditions as those to which the applicable fund is subject. 
 
 Principal Investing 
 Our principal investing segment is comprised of our realized performance fee income, realized investment income from our balance sheet investments, and certain allocable expenses related to corporate functions supporting the entire company. The principal investing segment also includes our growth capital and liquidity resources. We expect to deploy capital into strategic investments over time that will help accelerate the growth of our asset management segment, by broadening our investment management and/or product distribution capabilities or increasing the efficiency of our operations. We believe these investments will translate into greater compounded annual growth of Fee Related Earnings. 
 Given the cyclical nature of performance fees, earnings from our principal investing segment, or Principal Investing Income PII ), is inherently more volatile in nature than earnings from the asset management segment. We earn fees based on the investment performance of the funds we manage and compensate our employees, primarily investment professionals, with a meaningful portion of these proceeds to align our team with the investors in the funds we manage and incentivize them to deliver strong investment performance over time. We expect to increase the proportion of performance fee income we pay to our employees over time, and as such proportion increases, we expect PII to represent a relatively smaller portion of our total earnings. 
 
 Competition 
 Apollo operates in an intensely competitive industry, and expects it to remain so. We compete globally and on a regional, industry and niche basis. 
 We face competition both in the pursuit of outside investors for the funds we manage and in such funds acquiring investments in attractive portfolio companies and making other fund investments. We compete for outside investors for the funds we manage based on a variety of factors, including: 
 investment performance; 
 investor perception of investment managers drive, focus and alignment of interest; 
 quality of service provided to and duration of relationship with investors; 
 business reputation; and 
 the level of fees and expenses charged for services. 
 Competition is also intense for the attraction and retention of qualified employees. Our ability to continue to compete effectively in our businesses will depend upon our ability to attract new employees and retain and motivate our existing employees. 
 For additional information concerning the competitive risks that we face, see Item 1A. Risk Factors Operating Risks Risks Related to Our Businesses We operate in highly competitive industries, which could limit our ability to achieve our growth strategies and could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. 
 -13- 

Table of Contents 

 Human Capital 
 We believe that investing in opportunities, communities and our people helps us to achieve exceptional outcomes for our shareholders and fund investors and a positive social impact. Apollo s talent is instrumental to our success as a global alternative asset manager and retirement services provider, and investing in and fostering a high-performing, diverse and inclusive workforce is a key pillar of operating our business. We believe this commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion is central to the Apollo business model, an integrated platform which fosters strong collaboration across businesses and functions. Rooted in our core values, we strive to build a culture where our talent can excel and grow in their careers. 
 Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion 
 At Apollo, we feel strongly that building a diverse and inclusive workforce is a strategic imperative. 
 We are approaching our diversity, equity and inclusion strategy through the positioning of our expanding opportunity initiative. Expanding opportunity focuses on three specific areas workplace, marketplace and community. In collaboration with our employees, we are seeking to empower our entire organization to expand opportunity for underrepresented groups in the work we do, every day. We are keenly focused on how we attract, retain, develop and advance talent at Apollo. We believe that an engaged, diverse workforce is one that will bring its best ideas to innovate and drive value for the firm. To grow a more diverse workforce, we have established arrangements with several organizations to identify diverse talent. We are also committed to development of our existing talent through various opportunities including internal mobility, leadership development programs, and our employee affinity networks. Across the organization, from our team dedicated to citizenship initiatives to our employee affinity networks, we are committed to advancing a shared goal of building a more inclusive, modern high-performance culture. 
 Talent Development 
 We believe that ongoing professional development is a critical part of our culture at Apollo and an important enabler of our investment process. Because of our entrepreneurial culture, the breadth of our integrated platform, and our reputation for strong investment performance, we believe we can attract, develop and retain top talent. We have development programs in place at the associate, principal, managing director and partner levels which demonstrate our commitment to developing, engaging and retaining our employees. In addition to our training and annual review programs, we have instituted annual employee surveys that measure employee satisfaction and engagement, and help evaluate and guide human capital decision-making. We work in partnership with our employees to build ongoing culture and diversity, equity and inclusion initiatives that advance our goal of being a great place to work. 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 We work to offer a compelling employee value proposition to support our employees well-being and reward strong performance. Our pay for performance compensation philosophy is designed to reward employees for performance and to align employee interests with the firm s long-term growth and with our shareholders. All of our employees are granted stock through a range of equity-based compensation programs, including our One Apollo stock program. A central component of our value proposition is engaging our people at all levels as leaders in building our culture and engaging in our communities. Our benefits programs are intended to support our employees and their families, and include healthcare, wellness initiatives, retirement programs, paid time off and family leave. 
 Citizenship 
 Apollo seeks to actively invest in our communities and engage our employees and other stakeholders in meaningful and impactful Citizenship Programs. Apollo offers its employees philanthropic, volunteer, and other forms of engagement to strengthen communities and expand opportunity around the globe. To empower employees to give back, Apollo hosts volunteer events and provides Citizenship Grants for matching gifts and volunteer rewards each year. Apollo is proud to amplify the efforts of employees, supporting the communities in which they live and the causes and organizations of greatest importance to them. 
 Apollo Opportunity Foundation 
 The Apollo Opportunity Foundation was launched in February 2022 to invest in non-profit organizations working to expand opportunity for underrepresented individuals. The Apollo Opportunity Foundation s mission is to expand opportunity in communities where our employees live and work around the globe by deploying our capital and engaging our people to invest in career education, workforce development and economic empowerment for all. The Apollo Opportunity Foundation seeks to 
 -14- 

Table of Contents 

 partner with organizations that are championed by our people to advance economic prosperity and expand opportunity for underrepresented individuals. 
 
 Environmental, Social and Governance 
 At Apollo, we believe that taking Sustainability and Environmental, Social and Governance ESG factors into account can help drive value creation, and we recognize the unique opportunity to do well by doing good through investments. 
 We understand the potential financial, social and operational benefits of implementing ESG factors into our investment processes and have invested across industries aligned with the United Nation s Sustainable Development Goals, including healthcare, education, and energy transition. 
 For more than 14 years, Apollo s ESG program has committed extensive resources, time, and capital to incorporate ESG factors into our investment analysis and investment decision-making, consistent with fiduciary obligations to deliver superior risk-adjusted returns for investors. We strive to engage with portfolio companies and issuers on ESG issues across investment portfolios, seek appropriate and applicable disclosures, report on our ESG activities and progress, and the ESG activities and progress of portfolio companies of the funds we manage, to fund investors, shareholders, and stakeholders alike, and support the implementation of ESG best practices across the alternative asset management and retirement services industries. 
 In 2022, as part of Apollo s effort to create an industry-leading corporate governance model, AGM s board of directors established a sustainability and corporate responsibility committee of the board of directors. This committee assists the board of directors in overseeing AGM s corporate responsibility and sustainability matters, including environmental sustainability and climate change, human rights, social impact, employee health and safety, and diversity, equity and inclusion. Apollo also took several steps in 2022 to support climate-related financial transparency and strengthen our internal capabilities. 
 
 Regulatory and Compliance Matters 
 Our businesses, as well as the financial services and insurance industries generally, are subject to extensive regulation in the United States and around the world. Virtually all aspects of our business are subject to various laws and regulations, some of which are summarized below. Under these laws and regulations, agencies that regulate investment advisers, investment funds, insurance companies, broker-dealers and other individuals and entities have broad administrative powers, including the power to limit, restrict or prohibit the regulated entity or person from carrying on business if it fails to comply with such laws and regulations. 
 Failure to comply with applicable regulatory and compliance requirements may result in a variety of consequences, including fines, administrative measures, suspension of voting rights, suspension of individual employees, limitations on engaging in certain lines of business for specified periods of time or mandatory disposal of interests in any affected regulated entity, revocation of investment adviser, insurance, broker-dealer and other registrations, licenses or charters, censures and other regulatory sanctions. 
 The legal and regulatory requirements applicable to our business are ever evolving and may become more restrictive, which may make compliance with applicable requirements more difficult or expensive or otherwise restrict our ability to conduct our business activities in the manner in which they are now conducted. Our businesses have operated for many years within a legal framework that requires our being able to monitor and comply with a broad range of legal and regulatory developments that affect our activities. However, additional legislation, changes in rules promulgated by self-regulatory organizations or changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing laws and rules, either in the United States or elsewhere, may directly affect our mode of operation and profitability. 
 The complex regulatory frameworks governing financial institutions, insurance companies, insurance distributors and their respective holding companies and subsidiaries, as well as those with investments in them, are very detailed and technical. Accordingly, the discussion below is general in nature, does not purport to be complete and is current only as of the date of this report. 
 Regulation under the Investment Advisers Act. We conduct our advisory business through our investment adviser subsidiaries, including Apollo Capital Management, L.P., Apollo Investment Management, L.P., Apollo Credit Management, LLC, ARIS Management, LLC, Apollo Capital Credit Adviser, LLC and Apollo Real Estate Fund Adviser, LLC, each of which is registered as an investment adviser with the SEC under the Investment Advisers Act. Apollo Capital Management, L.P. has a number of relying advisers that operate a single advisory business and rely on umbrella registration to be deemed registered as an investment adviser with the SEC. All of our SEC-registered investment advisers are subject to the requirements and regulations of the Investment Advisers Act. 
 -15- 

Table of Contents 

 Regulation under the Investment Company Act. Each of AFT, AIF, Apollo Diversified Credit Fund ADCF and Apollo Diversified Real Estate Fund ADREF is a registered management investment company under the Investment Company Act. MFIC and ADS are investment companies that have elected to be treated as business development companies under the Investment Company Act. Each of AFT, AIF, ADCF, ADREF, MFIC and ADS has elected for U.S. federal tax purposes to be treated as a regulated investment company under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Internal Revenue Code ). As such, each of AFT, AIF, ADCF, ADREF, MFIC and ADS is subject to certain distribution requirements to maintain this status. 
 Real Estate Investment Trust. ARI has elected to be taxed as a real estate investment trust, or REIT, under the Internal Revenue Code. To maintain its qualification as a REIT, ARI must distribute at least 90 of its taxable income to its shareholders and meet, on a continuing basis, certain other complex requirements under the Internal Revenue Code. 
 Regulation as a Broker-Dealer. Apollo Global Securities, LLC AGS and Griffin Capital Securities, LLC GCS ), each of which is a subsidiary of Apollo, are registered as broker-dealers with the SEC and in the U.S. states and territories and are members of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. FINRA ). Broker-dealers are subject to regulations that cover all aspects of the securities business, including, among other things, the implementation of a supervisory control system and effective compliance program, advertising and sales practices, conduct of and compensation in connection with public securities offerings, maintenance of adequate net capital, financial reporting, record keeping, and the conduct and qualifications of directors, officers, employees and other associated persons. State securities regulators also have regulatory oversight authority over AGS and GCS. In addition, one of our non-U.S. subsidiaries, Apollo Capital Solutions Europe B.V., is regulated under relevant broker-dealer regulations in the Netherlands. See Regulated Entities Outside of the U.S. below. 
 Regulation as a Commodity Pool Operator and Commodity Trading Advisor . Certain investment activities entered into by Apollo managers may subject those managers to provisions of the Commodities Exchange Act and oversight by the Commodities Futures Trading Commission, including registration as a commodity pool operator or commodity trading advisor. Apollo intends to rely on exemptions from registration when available. 
 Regulation by the Federal Communications Commission . We are deemed by the Federal Communications Commission FCC to control certain radio and television broadcast stations and telecommunications networks that are owned by companies in which one of our funds has a majority investment. As a result, we are subject to FCC ownership restrictions that could limit our ability and the ability of our funds to make investments in other radio or television broadcast stations or in other providers of telecommunications services. We and the funds we manage are also subject to FCC restrictions on the ownership of our stock by non-U.S. persons or entities. Certain changes in the ownership or control of AGM may be subject to prior approval of the FCC. We must report to the FCC if we or any of our officers or directors or certain stockholders are convicted of a felony or of violating certain laws. 
 Insurance Regulation. We, and certain of the portfolio companies in which the funds we manage have invested, are subject to a wide variety of insurance and insurance holding company system laws and regulations in both the United States and numerous jurisdictions located outside of the United States. 
 Within the United States, laws and regulations that we are subject to generally require each insurance company subsidiary to register with the insurance department in its domiciliary state and to furnish financial and other information about the operations of companies within its holding company system. These regulations also impose restrictions and limitations on the ability of an insurance company subsidiary to pay dividends and make other distributions to its parent company. In addition, transactions between an insurance company and other companies within its holding company system, including sales, loans, investments, reinsurance agreements, tax allocation agreements, management agreements and service agreements, must be on terms that are fair and reasonable and, if material or within a specified category, require prior notice and approval or non-disapproval by the applicable domiciliary state insurance department. In addition, state insurance authorities also have broad administrative powers over the insurance business of our insurance company affiliates, including insurance company licensing and examination, agent licensing, establishment of reserve requirements and solvency standards, premium rate regulation, admissibility of assets, policy form approval, unfair trade and claims practices and other matters. 
 The operations of our insurance subsidiaries and branches operating outside the United States are subject to the local regulatory and supervisory schemes in the jurisdictions in which they operate, which vary widely from country to country; however, regulators typically grant licenses to operate and control an insurance business in that jurisdiction. In general, insurance regulators in these jurisdictions have the administrative power to supervise the registration of agents, regulation of product features and product approvals, asset allocation, minimum capital requirements, solvency and reserves, policyholder liabilities, and investments. Regulatory authorities may also regulate affiliations with other financial institutions, shareholder structures and may impose restrictions on declaring dividends and the ability to effect certain capital transactions, and many jurisdictions require insurance companies to participate in policyholder protection schemes. 
 -16- 

Table of Contents 

 Many of the insurance regulatory frameworks that govern our insurance entities operating outside the United States require the prior consent of the applicable regulator in such jurisdictions before (i) any person can become a controller / qualifying holder or increase its direct or indirect holding in any regulated company, or over the parent undertaking of any such regulated company or (ii) any increase of an existing holding that would result in a person reaching the applicable thresholds of the jurisdiction (e.g., 10 , 20 , 30 or 33 and 50 ). In addition, certain regulators require entities to discuss any prospective changes in organizational structure of which they are aware with the appropriate regulator, regardless of whether the controller/qualifying holder or the proposed controller/qualifying holder proposes to submit a change in control application. Breach of these requirements to notify various regulators of a decision to acquire or increase control/holding, or of the requirement to obtain approval before completing the relevant control/qualifying holding transaction may in some jurisdictions be a criminal offense attracting potentially unlimited fines. Regulators can also seek other remedies, including suspension of voting rights or having the purported acquisition annulled. 
 Our insurance subsidiaries and branches outside the United States operate in a number of different jurisdictions, including the EU, U.K., Ireland, Italy, Germany, Belgium, the Netherlands, Australia, Jersey, Singapore, Canada, Malaysia and Hong Kong. Certain entities operating in these jurisdictions are described below. 
 In the U.K., Apollo is considered the controller of certain insurance company (or equivalent) subsidiaries of Catalina Holdings (Bermuda) Ltd. Catalina and Aspen Insurance Holdings Limited Aspen ), including Catalina London Limited, Catalina Worthing Insurance Limited, AGF Insurance Limited, Aspen Insurance UK Limited Aspen U.K. ), which is domiciled in the United Kingdom and operates regulated branches in Australia, Canada, Singapore, Switzerland, and Aspen Managing Agency Limited, the Lloyd s managing agent of Syndicate 4711, which has its underwriting capacity provided by Aspen s subsidiary Aspen Underwriting Limited, a Lloyd s corporate member. In addition, Catalina Services UK Limited and Aspen U.K. Syndicate Services Limited are also domiciled in the United Kingdom and provide insurance distribution services for purposes of certain U.K. insurance regulations. 
 In Ireland, Apollo is deemed to hold an indirect qualifying holding in each of Catalina Insurance Ireland DAC, which is Catalina s wholly-owned Irish subsidiary insurance undertaking (e.g., insurance company), and Athora Ireland plc, which is a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Athora Life Re Ltd. An indirect qualifying holding in Athora Ireland Services Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of Athora, is also attributed to Apollo via Apollo s indirect interest in Athora. 
 Apollo is deemed to hold an indirect qualifying holding in Athora Deutschland Verwaltungs GmbH, Athora Deutschland Holding GmbH Co. KG, Athora Deutschland GmbH, Athora Lebensversicherung AG and Athora Pensionskasse AG, which are either German regulated insurance undertakings or German insurance holding companies. 
 Apollo is deemed to hold an indirect qualifying holding in Athora Belgium S.A./N.V. Athora Belgium ), which is a Belgian licensed insurance and reinsurance undertaking. In addition, some of Athora Belgium s subsidiaries are registered with the Belgian regulator as insurance brokers and are subject to supervision by the Belgian regulator as regards their insurance distribution activities. 
 Apollo is deemed to hold an indirect qualifying holding in Athora Netherlands N.V. (formerly known as: VIVAT N.V.), Proteq Levensverzekeringen N.V., and SRLEV N.V., which are either Dutch regulated insurance undertakings or a Dutch insurance holding company, and Zwitserleven PPI N.V., which is a Dutch premium pension institution. 
 Apollo holds an indirect stake in Challenger Life Company Limited which is an Australian regulated life insurance company and a wholly owned subsidiary of Challenger Limited, an Australian listed company. Challenger Limited also has certain regulated subsidiaries outside of Australia. 
 Aspen also carries on insurance business through its Singapore Lloyd s service company. Additionally, Catalina carries on insurance business through its Singapore-domiciled subsidiary Asia Capital Reinsurance Group Pte. Ltd., which in turn operates through its subsidiaries in Malaysia and through its branch office in Hong Kong. 
 Banking and Consumer Finance Regulation. As a result of certain investments of ours and the funds we manage in financial institutions that operate outside of the U.S., Apollo is subject to regulatory supervision by international financial regulators, including the European Union, German, Slovenian and U.K. financial regulators and applicable requirements set forth in the relevant banking and consumer finance regulations of such jurisdictions. In certain cases, such regulations impose suitability and conduct standards on the Company and require notice to and in certain instances approval of, the relevant regulatory authority of an intent to increase or decrease holdings in the relevant entity outside of specified thresholds, or other contemplated changes in structure, or transactions. Failure to comply with these applicable requirements may result in a variety of consequences, including fines, administrative measures, suspension of voting rights, mandatory disposal of interests in the regulated entity or other regulatory sanctions. 
 -17- 

Table of Contents 

 Lending Regulations. Certain of our subsidiaries, the funds we manage or other affiliates that engage in origination or lending activity are, or may in the future become, subject to state lender licensing laws and regulations applicable to the conduct of their business. 
 Regulated Entities Outside of the U.S. Certain of our subsidiaries and the funds that we manage that operate in jurisdictions outside of the United States are licensed by or have obtained authorizations to operate in their respective jurisdictions outside of the United States, and as a result are regulated by various international regulators and subject to applicable regulation. These registrations, licenses or authorizations relate to providing investment advice, discretionary investment management, arranging deals, marketing securities, capital markets activities and other regulated activities. Failure to comply with the laws and regulations governing these subsidiaries that have been registered, licensed or authorized could expose us to liability and/or damage our reputation. 
 In the U.K. and Europe, Apollo Management International LLP AMI ), registered in England and Wales, is authorized and regulated by the FCA in the United Kingdom under the FSMA and the rules promulgated thereunder. 
 Apollo Credit Management International Limited ACMI ), registered in England and Wales, is a subsidiary of Apollo whose primary purpose is to act as a sub-adviser to certain of Apollo's credit funds. Apollo Europe Limited AEL ), incorporated on December 28, 2020 in Malta, is a subsidiary of Apollo whose primary purpose is to undertake certain business in selected European jurisdictions. AEL is a tied agent of Mirabella Malta Advisers Limited, a private limited liability company registered in Malta and regulated by the Malta Financial Services Authority. As a tied agent, AEL is able to undertake certain MiFID activities without a separate authorization. AEL is also an appointed representative of AMI. As appointed representatives of AMI, both ACMI and AEL can undertake certain activities that are regulated under FSMA, without a separate FCA authorization. 
 Apollo Asset Management Europe LLP AAME and its subsidiary Apollo Asset Management Europe PC LLP AAME PC are each registered in England and Wales and are authorized and regulated by the FCA in the United Kingdom under the FSMA and the rules promulgated thereunder for the primary purpose of providing a centralized asset management and risk function to European clients in the financial services and insurance sectors. 
 Apollo Investment Management Europe LLP AIME ), registered in England and Wales, is authorized and regulated by the FCA in the United Kingdom as an alternative investment fund manager, with permission to manage and market alternative investment funds AIFs ). The FCA is responsible for supervising AIME s compliance with the FSMA. Apollo Investment Management Europe (Luxembourg) S. r.l. AIME Lux ), a Luxembourg regulated entity, received approval from the Luxembourg Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier CSSF to carry out certain activities regulated by the CSSF. AIME Lux is subject to the regulatory requirements imposed, inter alia, by the EU Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive (the AIFMD and EU Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 2004/39/EC) MiFID ). 
 Apollo Capital Solutions Europe B.V. ACSE ), registered in the Netherlands, is authorized and regulated by the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets AFM as an investment firm under MiFID, the Dutch Financial Supervision Act and the rules promulgated thereunder. 
 In Mauritius, Apollo Advisors (Mauritius) Ltd Apollo Mauritius ), one of our subsidiaries, and AION Capital Management Limited AION Manager ), one of our joint venture investments, are licensed providers of investment advisory and investment management services respectively in the Republic of Mauritius and are subject to applicable Mauritian securities laws and the oversight of the Financial Services Commission (Mauritius) (the FSC ). 
 In India, certain of the funds we manage are registered with the Securities and Exchange Board of India as Category II Alternative Investment Funds and are subject to the regulatory requirements under the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 and the regulations issued thereunder governing alternative investment funds in India. Additionally, certain of our subsidiaries and funds we manage that are organized in India are subject to the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 (and rules and regulations made thereunder) which falls within the purview of the Reserve Bank of India. 
 In Singapore, Apollo Management Singapore Pte. Ltd., a private limited company incorporated in Singapore under the Companies Act, holds a Capital Markets Services License for the regulated activities of Fund Management with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Apollo Management Singapore Pte. Ltd. Australia Branch is also registered as a foreign company in Australia with Australian Securities and Investments Commission. The Australia Branch is conducting business in Australia through the Capital Market Services License held in Singapore. 
 In Hong Kong, Apollo Management Asia Pacific Limited, a limited company incorporated in Hong Kong under the Companies Ordinance, holds a Type 1: Dealing in Securities and Type 4: Advising in Securities license with the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission. 
 -18- 

Table of Contents 

 In Japan, Apollo Management Japan Limited, a limited company incorporated in Hong Kong under the Companies Ordinance, maintains Type II Financial Instruments Business and Investment Advisory and Agency Business registrations with the Kanto Local Financial Bureau under the Japan Financial Services Agency. In addition, PK AirFinance Japan Godo Kaisha and PK AIR 1 JPN Godo Kaisha, which are limited liability companies in Japan, both maintain a Money Lending Business license with the Tokyo Metropolitan Government under the Japan Financial Services Agency. 
 Other Regulatory Considerations . Certain of our businesses are subject to compliance with laws and regulations of U.S. federal and state governments, non-U.S. governments, their respective agencies and/or various self-regulatory organizations or exchanges relating to, among other things, the privacy of client information, and any failure to comply with these regulations could expose us to liability and/or reputational damage. 
 Rigorous legal and compliance analysis of our businesses and investments is important to our culture. We strive to maintain a culture of compliance through the use of policies and procedures, such as our code of ethics, compliance systems, communication of compliance guidance and employee education and training. We have a compliance group that monitors our compliance with the regulatory requirements to which we are subject and manages our compliance policies and procedures. Our Chief Compliance Officer supervises our compliance group, which is responsible for addressing all regulatory and compliance matters that affect our activities. Our compliance policies and procedures address a variety of regulatory and compliance risks such as the handling of material non-public information, personal securities trading, anti-bribery, anti-money laundering (including know-your-customer controls), valuation of investments on a fund-specific basis, document retention, potential conflicts of interest and the allocation of investment opportunities. 
 We generally operate without information barriers between our asset management businesses. In an effort to manage possible risks resulting from our decision not to implement these barriers, our compliance personnel maintain a list of issuers for which we have access to material, non-public information and whose securities our funds and investment professionals are not permitted to trade. We could in the future decide that it is advisable to establish information barriers, particularly as our business expands and diversifies. In such event our ability to operate as an integrated platform will be restricted. 
 
 Available Information 
 Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act are made available free of charge on or through our website at www.apollo.com as soon as reasonably practicable after such reports are filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. The information on our website is not, and shall not be deemed to be, part of this report or incorporated into any other filings we make with the SEC. The reports and the other documents we file with the SEC are available on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. 
 From time to time, we may use our website as a channel of distribution of material information. Financial and other material information regarding the Company is routinely posted on and accessible at www.apollo.com. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 The following risk factors and other information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K should be carefully considered. The occurrence of any of the following risks or of unknown risks and uncertainties may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Macroeconomic Risks 
 Difficult political, market or economic conditions may adversely affect our business in many ways which could materially reduce our revenue, net income and cash flow and adversely affect our financial prospects and condition. 
 Our business and the businesses of portfolio companies of funds we manage are materially affected by conditions in the political environment and financial markets and economic conditions throughout the world, such as changes in interest rates, availability of credit, inflation rates, economic uncertainty, changes in laws (including laws relating to taxation), governmental policy and regulatory reform, changes in trade policy, tariffs and trade sanctions on goods, trade wars, the planned discontinuation of LIBOR, U.S.-China relations, the withdrawal of the U.K. from the EU single market and customs union, imposition or maintenance of trade barriers, labor shortages, supply chain disruptions, economic, political, fiscal and/or other developments in or affecting Eurozone countries, commodity prices, currency exchange rates and controls, wars, other national and international political circumstances (including terrorist acts or security operations), natural disasters, climate change, pandemics or other severe public health crises and other events outside of our control. 
 Both domestic and international markets experienced significant inflationary pressures in fiscal year 2022 and inflation rates in the U.S., as well as in other countries in which we operate, are currently expected to continue at elevated levels for the near 
 -19- 

Table of Contents 

 term. In addition, the Federal Reserve in the U.S. and central banks in various other countries have raised, and may again raise, interest rates in response to concerns about inflation, which, coupled with reduced government spending and volatility in financial markets, may have the effect of further increasing economic uncertainty and heightening these risks. Interest rate increases or other government actions taken to reduce inflation could also result in recessionary pressures in many parts of the world. Interest rate risk poses a significant market risk to us as a result of interest rate-sensitive assets (e.g., fixed income assets) and liabilities (e.g., debt obligations) held by us and by the portfolio companies of the funds we manage. Certain portfolio companies of the funds we manage may also be impacted by inflation. If such portfolio companies are unable to pass any increases in their costs along to their customers, it could adversely affect their results and their ability to pay interest and principal on their loans, particularly if interest rates rise further in response to inflation. In addition, any projected future decreases in such portfolio companies operating results due to inflation could adversely impact the fair value of those investments. Any decreases in the fair value of our and our funds investments could result in future unrealized losses and therefore reduce our net assets resulting from operations. 
 The Russian invasion of Ukraine has also increased global economic and political uncertainty. Furthermore, governments in the U.S., U.K., and EU have each imposed export controls on certain products and financial and economic sanctions on certain industry sectors and parties in Russia, and additional controls and sanctions could be enacted in the future. We are continuing to actively monitor the situation in Russia and Ukraine and assess its impact on our business and the business and operations of the portfolio companies of the funds we manage (particularly the impact on portfolio companies that operate in industries such as chemicals, oil and gas and aviation). We have no significant exposure to Russia or Ukraine and as such, to date, the conflict has not had a material impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. However, it is possible that the conflict in Ukraine may escalate or expand, and the scope, extent and duration of the military action, current or future sanctions and resulting market and geopolitical disruptions could be significant. The acceleration of a global energy crisis, including as a result of restrictions on Russia's energy exports, could similarly have an adverse impact on certain of the geographies where we do business and certain business and operations of the portfolio companies of the funds we manage. We cannot predict the impact the conflict may have on the global economy or our business, financial condition and operations in the future. The Russia and Ukraine conflict may also heighten the impact of other risks described herein. 
 Additionally, investing in securities of issuers organized or based outside the U.S. and operating outside the U.S. may also expose us to increased compliance risks, as well as higher compliance costs to comply with U.S. and non-U.S. anti-corruption, anti-money laundering and sanctions laws and regulations. These factors are outside our control and may affect the level and volatility of securities prices and the liquidity and the value of investments, and we may not be able to or may choose not to manage our exposure to these conditions. 
 Volatility caused by political, market or economic conditions can materially hinder the initiation of new, large-sized transactions for the funds we manage and, together with volatility in valuations of equity and debt securities, may adversely impact our operating results. It may also increase the risk that cash flows generated from our operations may differ from our expectations in timing or amount. Volatility and general economic trends are also likely to impact the performance of portfolio companies in many industries, particularly industries that are more affected by changes in consumer demand, such as the packaging, manufacturing, chemical and refining industries, as well as the travel and leisure, gaming and real estate industries. Our performance, and the performance of the funds we manage, may be adversely affected to the extent portfolio companies in these industries experience adverse performance or additional pressure due to downward trends. There is also a risk of both sector-specific and broad-based corrections and/or downturns in the equity and/or credit markets. Our profitability may also be adversely affected by our fixed costs and the possibility that we would be unable to scale back other costs within a time frame sufficient to match any further decreases in net income or increases in net losses relating to changes in market and economic conditions. 
 We are subject to risks associated with public health crises, such as pandemics and epidemics, including the COVID-19 pandemic which has caused severe disruptions in the U.S. and global economy and could continue to impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We and the portfolio companies of the funds we manage are subject to risks associated with public health crises, such as pandemics and epidemics, including the COVID-19 pandemic. The COVID-19 pandemic and the responses to the pandemic have adversely impacted global commercial activity and contributed to significant volatility in financial markets. It is uncertain how long this volatility in the financial markets created by the COVID-19 pandemic will continue. While many countries around the world have removed or reduced the restrictions taken in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the emergence of new variants of the SARS-CoV-2 virus may result in new governmental lockdowns, quarantine requirements or other restrictions to slow the spread of the virus. The effects of the COVID-19 outbreak on the economy and the public have been severe and have exacerbated, and may continue to exacerbate, other pre-existing political, social, economic, market and financial risks. 
 -20- 

Table of Contents 

 The emergence of new variants of the SARS-CoV-2 virus and the extended duration of the COVID-19 pandemic could adversely affect our business in a number of ways, including by adversely impacting the valuations of investments of the funds we manage, which are generally correlated to the performance of the relevant equity and debt markets; increasing volatility in the financial markets; preventing us from capitalizing on certain market opportunities; causing prolonged asset price inflation and hampering our ability to deploy capital or to deploy capital as profitably; interrupting global or regional supply chains; reducing our opportunities to successfully exit existing investments; straining our liquidity; impairing our equity investments and impacting the ability of portfolio companies of the funds we manage to meet their respective financial obligations and comply with existing covenants; and reducing our ability to understand and foresee trends and changes in the markets in which we operate. 
 The scope and duration of any future public health crisis, including the potential emergence of new variants of the SARS-CoV-2 virus, the pace at which government restrictions are imposed and lifted, the scope of additional actions taken to mitigate the spread of disease, global vaccination and booster rates, the speed and extent to which global markets fully recover from the disruptions caused by such a public health crisis, and the impact of these factors on our business, financial condition and results of operations, will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence. 
 Climate change and regulatory and other efforts to reduce climate change could adversely affect our business. 
 We and the portfolio companies of the funds we manage face a number of risks associated with climate change, including both transition and physical risks. The transition risks that could impact us and the investments of the funds we manage include those risks related to the impact of U.S. and foreign climate- and environmental, social and governance ESG )-related legislation and regulation, as well as risks arising from climate-related business trends. Moreover, our investments, and the investments of the portfolio companies of the funds we manage, are subject to risks stemming from the physical impacts of climate change. In particular, climate change may impact asset prices and the value of investments linked to real estate. For example, rising sea levels may lead to decreases in real estate values in coastal areas. We and the funds we manage have significant concentrations of real estate investments and collateral underlying investments linked to real estate in areas of the United States prone to catastrophe. 
 New climate change-related regulations or interpretations of existing laws may result in enhanced disclosure obligations that could negatively affect us or the investments of the portfolio companies of the funds we manage and also materially increase our regulatory burden. We also face business trend-related climate risks. Certain fund investors are increasingly taking into account ESG factors, including climate risks, in determining whether to invest in the funds we manage. Our reputation and investor relationships could be damaged as a result of our involvement, or the involvement of the funds we manage, in certain industries, portfolio companies or transactions associated with activities perceived to be causing or exacerbating climate change, as well as any decisions we make to continue to conduct or change our activities in response to considerations relating to climate change. 
 Operating Risks 
 We may not be successful in expanding into new investment strategies, markets and businesses, each of which may result in additional risks and uncertainties in our business. 
 We actively consider the opportunistic expansion of our business, both geographically and into new investment strategies, and intend, to the extent that market conditions warrant, to grow our business by increasing AUM in existing businesses and expanding into new investment strategies, geographic markets, businesses and distribution channels, including the retail channel. We intend to grow our business in the future in part by acquisitions and joint ventures, each of which could require additional cash or equity, systems development and skilled personnel. We may experience challenges identifying, financing, consummating and integrating such acquisitions and transactions. Our organizational documents do not limit us to the asset management business. Accordingly, we may pursue growth through acquisitions of other investment management companies, acquisitions of critical business partners or other strategic initiatives, including entering into new lines of business. 
 We may not be successful in any such attempted expansion. Attempts to expand our business involve a number of special risks, including the diversion of management s attention from our core business; the disruption of our ongoing business; entry into markets or businesses in which we may have limited or no experience; increasing demands on our operational systems and infrastructure; potential increase in investor concentration; enhanced regulatory scrutiny and greater reputational and litigation risk; difficulty in combining or integrating operational and management systems; and the broadening of our geographic footprint, increasing the risks associated with conducting operations in foreign jurisdictions (including regulatory, tax, legal and reputational consequences). Additionally, any expansion of our business could result in significant increases in our outstanding indebtedness and debt service requirements, which would increase the risks of investing in our Preferred shares, and may adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. 
 -21- 

Table of Contents 

 We also may not be successful in identifying new investment strategies or geographic markets that increase our profitability, or in identifying and acquiring new businesses that increase our profitability. We have also entered into strategic partnerships, separately managed accounts and sub-advisory arrangements, which lack the scale of the funds we traditionally manage and are more costly to administer. The prevalence of these accounts may also present conflicts and introduce complexity in the deployment of capital. 
 Before expanding into new investment strategies, or making any fund investments generally, we conduct due diligence that we deem reasonable and appropriate based on the facts and circumstances applicable to each investment. When conducting due diligence, we may be required to evaluate important and complex issues, including but not limited to those related to business, financial, credit risk, tax, accounting, environmental, legal and regulatory and macroeconomic trends. The due diligence investigation that we will carry out may not reveal or highlight all relevant facts (including fraud) or risks that may be necessary or helpful in evaluating such investment opportunity, including past or current violations of law and related legal exposure, and we may not identify or foresee future developments that could have a material adverse effect on an investment (e.g., technological disruption across an industry). 
 We operate in highly competitive industries, which could limit our ability to achieve our growth strategies and could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. 
 We operate in highly competitive markets and compete with a large number of investment management firms, private equity, credit and real assets fund sponsors, broker-dealers, financial advisors, asset managers and other financial institutions. In particular, we face competition in the pursuit of outside investors for the funds we manage and in acquiring investments in attractive portfolio companies and making other investments. Competition among funds is based on a variety of factors, including: investment performance; investor liquidity and willingness to invest; investor perception of investment managers drive, focus and alignment of interest; quality of service provided to and duration of relationship with investors; business reputation; and the level of fees and expenses charged. A number of factors could increase our competitive risks, including but not limited to: economic and market conditions changing the attractiveness of the funds we manage; competitors having more capital or a lower cost of capital, lower targeted returns, greater expertise in a particular area, or access to funding sources not available to us; competitors having a more established presence and expertise in particular geographies and businesses in which we are looking to expand; the ability of corporate buyers competing with funds we manage to achieve synergistic cost savings; competitors having higher risk tolerance, different risk assessments or lower return thresholds; existing and new competitors utilizing low cost, high speed financial applications, platforms and services based on artificial intelligence; developments in financial technology (or fintech), such as a distributed ledger technology (or blockchain), disrupting the financial industry; new entrants in our various businesses being successful; the relatively few barriers to entry failing to prevent other alternative investment managers from implementing an integrated platform similar to ours or deploying similar investment fund management strategies; and other industry participants hiring our investment professionals. These competitive pressures may have a material and adverse effect on our growth, business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. 
 We depend on certain key personnel and the loss of their services could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 The success of our business depends on the efforts, judgment, business relationships, personal reputations and continued service of our key personnel. The loss of the services of any of our key personnel or damage to their personal reputation could have a material adverse effect on our business. Accordingly, our retention of our key personnel and our success in recruiting additional personnel is crucial to our success. If our key personnel were to join or form a competitor, our business could similarly suffer a material adverse effect. For example, some of the investors in the funds we manage could choose to invest with that competitor, another competitor or not at all, rather than in the funds we manage. We do not carry any key man insurance that would provide us with proceeds in the event of the death or disability of any of our key personnel. We may also not succeed in recruiting additional personnel because the market for qualified professionals is extremely competitive. Efforts to retain or attract key personnel may result in significant additional expenses, which could adversely affect our profitability. 
 In addition, the governing agreements of certain of the funds we manage provide that in the event certain investment professionals and other key personnel fail to devote the requisite time to our business, the commitment period will terminate. In some instances, such termination becomes effective only if coupled with a certain percentage in interest of the fund investors or the respective fund advisory board not voting to continue the commitment period. In addition to having a significant negative impact on our revenue, net income and cash flow, the occurrence of such an event with respect to any of the funds we manage would likely result in significant reputational damage to us. 
 -22- 

Table of Contents 

 Misconduct by our current and former employees, directors, advisers, third party-service providers or others affiliated with us could harm us by impairing our ability to attract and retain investors and by subjecting us to significant legal liability, regulatory scrutiny and reputational harm. 
 There is a risk that our employees, directors, advisers, third party-service providers or others affiliated with us could engage, deliberately or recklessly, in misconduct or fraud that creates legal exposure for us and adversely affects our business. If anyone associated or affiliated with us, or the portfolio companies of the funds we manage, were to engage, or be accused of engaging in illegal or suspicious activities, sexual harassment, racial or gender discrimination, improper use or disclosure of confidential information, fraud, payment or solicitation of bribes, misrepresentation of products and services or any other type of similar misconduct or violation of other laws and regulations, we could suffer serious harm to our brand, reputation, be subject to penalties or sanctions, face difficulties in raising funds, suffer serious harm to our financial position and current and future business relationships, as well as face potentially significant litigation or investigations. 
 Fraud, payment or solicitation of bribes and other deceptive practices or other misconduct at the portfolio companies of the funds we manage could similarly subject us to liability and reputational damage and also harm our performance. There are a number of grounds upon which such misconduct at a portfolio company could subject us to criminal and/or civil liability, including on the basis of actual knowledge, willful blindness, or control person liability. 
 We rely on technology and information systems, many of which are controlled by third-party vendors, to maintain the security of our information and technology networks and to conduct our business, and any failures or interruptions of these systems could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 We are subject to various risks and costs associated with the collection, handling, storage and transmission of personally identifiable information. In the ordinary course of our business, we collect and store a range of data, including our proprietary business information and intellectual property, and personally identifiable information of our employees, our investors and other third parties, in our data centers and on our networks and we rely on technology and information systems to execute, confirm and settle transactions. We rely on a host of information systems and hardware systems for the secure processing, maintenance and transmission of this information, and the unavailability of these systems or the failure of these systems to perform as anticipated for any reason could disrupt our business and could result in decreased performance and increased operating costs, causing our business and results of operations to suffer. 
 Although we are not currently aware of any cyberattacks or other incidents that, individually or in the aggregate, have materially affected, or would reasonably be expected to materially affect, our operations or financial condition, there can be no assurance that the various procedures and controls we utilize to mitigate these threats will be sufficient to prevent disruptions to our systems, especially because the cyberattack techniques used change frequently and are not recognized until launched, the full scope of a cyberattack may not be realized until an investigation has been performed and cyberattacks can originate from a wide variety of sources. We rely on industry accepted security measures and technology to securely maintain confidential and proprietary information maintained on our information systems. Although we take protective measures and endeavor to strengthen our computer systems, software, technology assets and networks to prevent and address potential cyberattacks, there can be no assurance that any of these measures will prove effective. Furthermore, delays in the maintenance, updates, upgrading or patching of our information systems could adversely impact their effectiveness or could expose us, as well as our clients and others who rely upon, or have exposure to, our systems, to security and other risks. 
 We are also dependent on an increasingly concentrated group of third-party vendors that we do not control for hosting the information systems and hardware systems that are critical to our business. We also rely on third-party service providers for certain aspects of our business, including for certain information systems, technology and administration of the funds we manage and compliance matters. A disaster, disruption or compromise in technology or infrastructure that supports our business, including a disruption involving electronic communications or other services used by us, our vendors or third parties with whom we conduct business, may have an adverse impact on our ability to continue to operate our business without interruption which could have a material adverse effect on us. These risks could increase as vendors increasingly offer cloud-based software services rather than software services that can be operated within our own data centers. These risks also increase to the extent we engage in operations outside the U.S. We also rely on data processing systems and the secure processing, storage and transmission of information, including payment and health information. A disruption or compromise of these systems could have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, costs related to data security threats or disruptions may not be fully insured or indemnified by other means. 
 A significant actual or potential theft, loss, corruption, exposure, fraudulent, unauthorized or accidental use or misuse of investor, employee or other personally identifiable or proprietary business data, whether by third parties or as a result of employee malfeasance or otherwise, non-compliance with our contractual or other legal obligations regarding such data or intellectual property or a violation of our privacy and security policies with respect to such data could result in significant 
 -23- 

Table of Contents 

 remediation and other costs, fines, litigation and regulatory actions against us by the U.S. federal and state governments, the EU or other jurisdictions, various regulatory organizations or exchanges, or affected individuals, in addition to significant reputational harm. 
 Our business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and cash flows depend on the accuracy of our management s assumptions and estimates, and we could experience significant gains or losses if these assumptions and estimates differ significantly from actual results. 
 We make and rely on certain assumptions and estimates regarding many matters related to our business, including valuations, interest rates, investment returns, expenses and operating costs, tax assets and liabilities, tax rates, business mix and contingent liabilities. We also use these assumptions and estimates to make decisions crucial to our business operations. In addition, certain investments and other assets and liabilities of our business must be, or at our election are, measured at fair value the determination of which involves the use of various assumptions and estimates and considerable judgment. The factors influencing these various assumptions and estimates cannot be calculated or predicted with certainty, and if our assumptions and estimates differ significantly from actual outcomes and results, our business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and cash flows may be materially and adversely affected. 
 Many of the funds we manage invest in illiquid assets and we may fail to realize profits from these assets for a considerable period of time, or lose some or all of the principal amount we invest in these assets if we are required to sell our invested assets at a loss at inopportune times or in response to changes in applicable rules and regulations. 
 Many of the funds we manage invest in securities or other financial instruments that are not publicly traded or are otherwise viewed as illiquid. In many cases, the funds we manage may be prohibited by contract or by applicable securities laws from selling such securities for a period of time. The ability of many funds we manage to dispose of investments is heavily dependent on the public equity markets. Furthermore, large holdings even of publicly traded securities can often be disposed of only over a substantial period of time, exposing the investment returns to risks of downward movement in market prices during the disposition period. Accordingly, the funds we manage may be forced, under certain conditions, to sell securities at a loss. 
 Further, governmental and regulatory authorities periodically review legislative and regulatory initiatives, and may promulgate new or revised, or adopt changes in the interpretation and enforcement of existing, rules and regulations at any time that may impact our investments. For example, Rule 15c2-11 under the Exchange Act governs the submission of quotes into quotation systems by broker-dealers and has historically been applied to the over-the-counter equity markets. However, the SEC recently stated that it intends to apply the rule to fixed income markets, potentially restricting the ability of market participants to publish quotations for applicable fixed income securities after January 4, 2025. Such changes in regulatory requirements could disrupt market liquidity, make it more difficult for us to source and invest in attractive private investments, and cause securities that are not publicly traded to lose value, any of which could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 We rely on the debt financing markets for the operation of our business. 
 We rely on the debt financing markets for the operation of our business. To the extent that markets render debt financing difficult to obtain, refinance or extend, or more expensive, this may have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and cash flows. 
 Many of the funds we manage utilize subscription lines of credit to fund operations and investments, including their equity contributions in a portfolio company. Some of these are also intended as a source of longer-term borrowings for investments by the relevant funds. In other cases, some funds make investments through the use of net asset value-based fund finance facilities or similar financing arrangements, margin loans or other derivative financing arrangements that are backed by the fund s investment portfolio. The interest expense and other costs incurred in connection with such indebtedness may not be recovered by appreciation in the assets purchased or carried, and will be lost, and the timing and magnitude of such losses may be accelerated or exacerbated in the event of a decline in the market value of such assets. Gains realized with borrowed funds may cause the fund s net asset value to increase at a faster rate than would be the case without borrowings. However, if investment results fail to cover the cost of borrowings, the fund s net asset value could also decrease faster than if there had been no borrowings. The inability to obtain such financing on attractive terms may impact the ability of the funds we manage to achieve targeted rates of return. 
 Additionally, certain investments by the funds we manage rely heavily on the use of leverage. For example, in many of the private equity fund investments, indebtedness may constitute 70 or more of a portfolio company s total debt and equity capitalization. The absence of available sources of senior debt financing for extended periods of time could materially and adversely affect the funds we manage. In the event that funds we manage are unable to obtain committed debt financing for 
 -24- 

Table of Contents 

 potential investments, including acquisitions, or can only obtain debt at an increased interest rate or otherwise on unfavorable terms, such funds may have difficulty completing otherwise profitable investments or may generate profits that are lower than would otherwise be the case, either of which could lead to a decrease in the investment income earned by us. Any failure by lenders to provide previously committed financing can also expose us to potential claims by counterparties with which funds we manage have contracted to effectuate an investment transaction (i.e., sellers of businesses that funds we manage may have contracted to purchase). In addition, to the extent that the current markets make it difficult or impossible for a portfolio company to refinance debt that is maturing in the near term, it may face substantial doubt as to its status as a going concern (which may result in an event of default under various agreements) or it may be unable to repay such debt at maturity and be forced to sell assets, undergo a recapitalization or seek bankruptcy protection. Furthermore, investments in highly leveraged entities are inherently more sensitive to declines in revenues, increases in expenses and interest rates and adverse economic, market and industry developments. As a result, the risk of loss associated with a leveraged entity is generally greater than for companies with comparatively less debt. 
 Changes to the method of determining the LIBOR or the selection of a replacement for LIBOR may affect the value of investments held by or due to us or the funds we manage and could affect our results of operations and financial results. 
 As a result of the expected discontinuation of certain unsecured benchmark interest rates, including LIBOR and other Interbank Offered Rates IBORs ), regulators and market participants in various jurisdictions have been working to identify alternative reference rates that are compliant with the International Organization of Securities Commission s standards for transaction-based benchmarks. In the U.S., the Alternative Reference Rates Committee, a group of market and official sector participants, identified the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR as its recommended alternative benchmark rate. Other alternative reference rates have been recommended in other jurisdictions. 
 A large number of IBOR-referenced contracts are held by or due to us or funds we manage. Furthermore, a significant number of portfolio companies of the funds we manage are borrowers of LIBOR-linked debt obligations, such as LIBOR-based credit agreements and floating rate notes. Transition from LIBOR to SOFR or to another reference rate may result in an increase or a decrease of the overall borrowing cost for us, the funds we manage and their portfolio companies. Even if the overall borrowing cost decreases, any savings that we or the funds we manage realize from such decrease could be offset partially or entirely by lower overall interest income received from certain assets. In addition, the transition from LIBOR to another reference rate could result in financial market disruption and significant increases or volatility in risk-free benchmark rates. Should such disruption occur, it may adversely affect, among other things, (1) the trading market for LIBOR-based securities, including those held in investment portfolios of the funds we manage and (2) the market for derivative instruments, including those that such funds use to achieve their hedging objectives. As a result, the transition from LIBOR could have a direct or indirect adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 A portion of our revenues, earnings and cash flow is highly variable, which may make it difficult for us to achieve steady earnings growth on a quarterly basis, which may cause the price of our Preferred shares to be volatile. 
 A portion of our revenues, earnings and cash flow is highly variable, primarily due to the fact that performance fees and the transaction, advisory and other fees that we receive, can vary significantly from quarter to quarter and year to year. In addition, the investment returns of most of the funds we manage are volatile. We may also experience fluctuations in our results from quarter to quarter and year to year due to a number of other factors, including changes in the values of investments of the funds we manage, changes in the amount of distributions, dividends or interest paid in respect of investments, changes in our operating expenses, the degree to which we encounter competition and general economic and market conditions. Our future results will also be significantly dependent on the success of the larger funds we manage (e.g., Fund VIII, Fund IX and Fund X), changes in the value of which may result in fluctuations in our results. In addition, performance fees from some of the funds we manage are subject to contingent repayment by the general partner if, upon the final distribution, the relevant fund s general partner has received cumulative performance fees on individual portfolio investments in excess of the amount of performance fees it would be entitled to from the profits calculated for all portfolio investments in the aggregate. Such variability may lead to volatility in the trading price of our Preferred shares and cause our results for a particular period not to be indicative of our performance in a future period. It may be difficult for us to achieve steady growth in earnings and cash flow on a quarterly basis, which could in turn lead to large adverse movements in the price of our Preferred shares or increased volatility in the price of our Preferred shares in general. 
 The timing of performance fees generated by the funds we manage is uncertain and will contribute to the volatility of our results. Performance fees depend on the performance of the funds we manage. It takes a substantial period of time to identify attractive investment opportunities, to raise all the funds needed to make an investment and then to realize the cash value or other proceeds of an investment through a sale, public offering, recapitalization or other exit. Even if an investment proves to be profitable, it may be several years before any profits can be realized in cash or other proceeds. We cannot predict when, or if, any realization of investments will occur. Generally, if the funds we manage were to have a realization event in a particular 
 -25- 

Table of Contents 

 quarter or year, it may have a significant impact on our results for that particular quarter or year that may not be replicated in subsequent periods. With respect to a number of funds in our yield strategy, our performance fees are generally paid annually, semi-annually or quarterly, and the varying frequency of these payments will contribute to the volatility of our revenues and cash flow. Furthermore, we earn these performance fees only if the net asset value of a fund has increased or, in the case of certain funds, increased beyond a particular threshold, which is referred to as a high water mark. Such performance fees we earn are therefore dependent on the net asset value of investors investments in the fund, which could lead to significant volatility in our results. 
 Risks Relating to our Business 
 We may experience a decline in revenue. 
 We derive revenues from: 
 capital committed to the funds, invested by the funds, or the net asset value of the funds; 
 management fees, which are based generally on the amount of capital committed or invested in the funds we manage; 
 in connection with services relating to investments by the funds we manage, fees earned or otherwise collected by one or more service providers affiliated with us; 
 performance fees, based on the performance of the funds we manage; and 
 investment income from our investments, including as general partner. 
 If a fund we manage performs poorly, we will receive little or no performance fees with regard to the fund and little income or possibly losses from any principal investment in the fund. Furthermore, if, as a result of poor performance of later investments in a fund s life, the fund does not achieve total investment returns that exceed a specified investment return threshold for the life of the fund, we could be obligated to repay the amount by which performance fees that were previously distributed to us exceeds amounts to which we are ultimately entitled. Several of the funds we manage may go into clawback. There can be no assurance that we will not incur a clawback repayment obligation in the future. 
 A variety of fees that we earn, such as origination, syndication, arranger, placement, sourcing, structuring and other similar financing-related fees, are driven in part by the pace at which the funds we manage commit to make or make investments. Any decline in the pace at which the funds we manage make investments would reduce our origination, syndication, arranger, structuring and other similar financing-related fees and could make it more difficult for us to raise capital. Likewise, any increase in the pace at which the funds we manage exit investments would reduce origination, syndication, arranger, structuring and other similar financing-related fees. In addition, we will experience a decrease in the amount of fee revenue if we share with fund investors a larger portion, or all, of certain types of fees generated by funds investments, such as management consulting fees and merger and acquisition transaction advisory fees, or if expenses arising from the operation of the funds we manage are borne by us alone, rather than the funds. 
 Additionally, certain of our subsidiaries perform underwriting, syndicating and securities placement services for the funds we manage and their portfolio companies as well as for investments made by Athene and for third parties. Our ability to maintain or grow these services, and the related fees we earn therefrom, depends on a number of factors, some of which are outside our control. 
 The Former Managing Partners, Contributing Partners and certain current and former investment professionals have personally guaranteed, subject to certain limitations, general partner clawback obligations, and we have agreed to indemnify them for such amounts attributed to interests they previously contributed or sold to the Apollo Operating Group. 
 In each instance, a decrease in the fees we receive from the funds we manage and other operating activities will lead to a decrease in our revenues and may have a materially adverse impact on our business and results of operations. 
 We depend on investors in the funds we manage for our continued success. 
 It could become increasingly difficult for the funds we manage to raise capital as funds compete for investments from a limited number of qualified investors. Without the participation of investors, the funds we manage will not be successful in consummating their capital-raising efforts, or they may consummate them at investment levels lower than those currently anticipated. 
 -26- 

Table of Contents 

 Certain institutional investors have publicly criticized compensation arrangements, including management, transaction and advisory fees. Although we have no obligation to modify any fees or other terms with respect to the funds we manage, we experience pressure to do so. In addition, certain institutional investors, including sovereign wealth funds and public pension funds, continue to demonstrate an increased preference for alternatives to the traditional investment fund structure, such as managed accounts, specialized funds and co-investment vehicles. Even though we have entered into such strategic arrangements, there can be no assurance that such alternatives will be as profitable to us as traditional investment fund structures. While we have historically competed primarily on the performance of the funds we manage, and not on the level of our management fees or performance fees relative to those of our competitors, there is a risk that management fees and performance fees in the alternative investment management industry will decline, without regard to the historical performance of a manager. Management fee or performance fee reductions on existing or future funds, without corresponding decreases in our cost structure even if other revenue streams increase, would adversely affect our revenues and profitability. 
 The failure of the funds we manage to raise capital in sufficient amounts and on satisfactory terms could result in a decrease in AUM, performance fees and/or fee revenue or could result in us being unable to achieve an increase in AUM, performance fees and/or fee revenue, and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Similarly, any modification of our existing fee arrangements or the fee structures for new funds could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 We continue to depend on investors in the funds we manage even after the capital-raising phase of any fund. Investors in many of the funds we manage make capital commitments to those funds that we are entitled to call from those investors at any time during prescribed periods. If investors were to fail to satisfy a significant amount of capital calls for any particular fund or funds, the operation and performance of those funds could be materially and adversely affected. Additionally, the governing documents of substantially all of the funds we manage in which there are third party investors provide that a simple majority-in-interest of a fund s unaffiliated investors have the right to liquidate that fund for any or no reason, which would cause management fees and performance fees to terminate. We do not know whether, and under what circumstances, the investors in the funds we manage are likely to exercise such right. Furthermore, the management agreements of the funds we manage would also terminate if we were to experience a change of control without obtaining fund investor consent. We cannot be certain that consents required for the assignment of our management agreements will be obtained if such a deemed change of control occurs. 
 The governing agreements of certain of the funds we manage allow the investors of those funds to, among other things, (i) terminate the commitment period of the fund in the event that certain key persons fail to devote the requisite time to managing the fund, (ii) (depending on the fund) terminate the commitment period, dissolve the fund or remove the general partner if we, as general partner or manager, or certain key persons engage in certain forms of misconduct, (iii) dissolve the fund or terminate the commitment period upon the affirmative vote of a specified percentage of limited partner interests entitled to vote or (iv) dissolve the fund or terminate the commitment period upon a change of control. In addition to having a significant negative impact on our revenue, net income and cash flow, the occurrence of such an event with respect to any of the funds we manage would likely result in significant reputational damage to us. 
 Investors in some of the funds we manage may also at times redeem their investments on an annual, semiannual or quarterly basis following the expiration of a specified period of time when capital may not be redeemed (typically between one and five years). In a declining market, the pace of redemptions and consequent reduction in our AUM could accelerate. The decrease in revenues that would result from significant redemptions in these funds could have a material adverse effect on our business, revenues, net income and cash flows. 
 Certain investors have placed increasing importance on the impact of investments made by the funds to which they commit capital on ESG-related issues. Consequently, the investors may decide not to commit capital in fundraises, or to withdraw previously committed capital from the funds we manage, based on their evolving ESG priorities. Certain investors may also condition capital commitments on ESG and similar matters in a way that may constrain our capital deployment opportunities, including by limiting investment opportunities in certain sectors, or taking certain actions, or refraining therefrom, that could adversely impact the value of an investment or that could improve the value of an investment. In addition, regulatory initiatives requiring asset managers and investors to classify certain funds and their investments against certain criteria are becoming increasingly common. Some categorization requirements may be subjective and, accordingly, open to interpretation. If regulators disagree with the categorization methodologies we use, or new regulations, legislation, or regulatory guidance require a methodology of measuring or disclosing ESG impact that is different from our current practice, it could have an adverse e ect on fundraising efforts. Given the increasing scrutiny on ESG matters as well as the increasing number of regulatory obligations relating to our business, the funds we manage, and their investments, there is an increasing risk that we could be perceived as or accused of making inaccurate or misleading statements regarding the investment strategies of the funds 
 -27- 

Table of Contents 

 we manage, as well as about our, the funds , and their investments performance against ESG-related measures and/or ESG initiatives. Any such perception or accusation could adversely impact our ability to raise capital and attract new investors. 
 Historical performance metrics are unreliable indicators of our current or future results of operations. 
 We have presented returns relating to the historical performance of the funds we manage and certain targets of our future performance, including by reference to the IRR of certain funds performance using a gross IRR and a net IRR calculation. The returns are relevant to us primarily insofar as they are indicative of performance fees we have earned in the past and may earn in the future, our reputation and our ability to raise new funds. The returns of the funds we manage are not, however, directly linked to returns on our Preferred shares. Moreover, the historical returns of the funds we manage should not be considered indicative of the future returns of such funds or any future funds we may raise. Performance metrics, such as IRR, going forward for any current or future fund may vary considerably from the historical performance generated by any particular fund, or for the funds we manage as a whole. 
 Valuations for the funds we manage entail significant complications and are not an indicator for actual realizations. 
 We value the illiquid investments held by the funds we manage based on our estimate of their fair value as of the date of determination based on third-party models, or models developed by us. In addition, because many of the illiquid investments held by the funds we manage are in industries or sectors that are unstable, in distress, or undergoing some uncertainty, such investments are subject to rapid changes in value caused by sudden company-specific or industry-wide developments. We also include the fair value of illiquid assets in the calculations of net asset values, returns of the funds we manage and our AUM. Furthermore, we recognize performance fees based in part on these estimated fair values. Because these valuations are inherently uncertain, they may fluctuate greatly from period to period. Also, they may vary greatly from the prices that would be obtained if the assets were to be liquidated on the date of the valuation and often do vary greatly from the prices the funds we manage eventually realize. 
 If a fund realizes value on an investment that is significantly lower than the value at which it was reflected in a fund s net asset values, the fund would suffer losses. This could in turn lead to a decline in our management fees and a loss equal to the portion of the performance fees reported in prior periods that was not actually realized upon disposition, and could slow the pace and reduce the likelihood that we earn carried interest. These effects could become applicable to a large number of investments by the funds we manage if the funds current valuations differ from future valuations due to market developments or other factors that are beyond our control. If asset values turn out to be materially different than values reflected in fund net asset values, fund investors could lose confidence which could, in turn, result in redemptions from the funds we manage that permit redemptions or difficulties in raising additional capital. 
 Investments made by the funds we manage entail significant risks and uncertainties. 
 We invest in a number of industries, products, geographical locations and strategies that entail significant risks and uncertainties, which may, if realized, have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. For example: 
 The funds we manage often invest in companies with weak financial conditions, poor operating results, substantial financial needs, negative net worth and/or special competitive or regulatory problems, including in business enterprises that are or may become involved in work-outs, liquidations, spin-offs, reorganizations, bankruptcies and similar transactions. 
 Investments by many of the funds we manage include debt instruments, equity securities, and other financial instruments of companies that the funds we manage do not control. Those investments will be subject to the risk that the company in which the investment is made may make business, financial or management decisions with which we do not agree or that the majority stakeholders or the management of the company may take risks or otherwise act in a manner that does not serve the interests of the funds we manage. 
 We generally establish the capital structure of portfolio companies and certain other fund investments, including real estate investments, on the basis of financial projections for such investments that are based primarily on management judgments. 
 The funds we manage acquire and dispose of investments that are subject to contingent liabilities, which could be unknown to us at the time of the transaction or, if they are known to us, we may not accurately assess or protect against the risks that they present, and could in each case result in unforeseen losses for the funds we manage. 
 -28- 

Table of Contents 

 A significant portion or all of a fund s capital may be invested in a single investment or portfolio company and a loss with respect to such an investment or portfolio company could have a significant adverse impact on such fund s capital. 
 Even though there is uncertainty of the future of IBOR-based agreements, a large number of IBOR-referenced contracts are held by or due to us or the funds we manage. Furthermore, a significant number of portfolio companies of the funds we manage are borrowers of LIBOR-linked debt obligations, such as LIBOR-based credit agreements and floating rate notes. 
 Certain of the funds we manage invest in infrastructure assets and real assets, which may expose us and the funds we manage to increased risks and liabilities that are inherent in the ownership, development and monetization of real assets. 
 The funds we manage invest in assets denominated in currencies that differ from the currency in which the relevant fund is denominated. 
 We have undertaken business initiatives to increase the number and type of investment products we could offer to investors. For example, we and the funds we manage have sponsored or otherwise made, and may continue to sponsor or otherwise make, investments in, or facilitate the acquisition of companies by, special purpose acquisition companies SPACs ). We are also likely to continue offering products for retail investors. 
 In each of these cases, the investments are exposed to significant risks and uncertainties, including regulatory and legal risks and oversight, adverse publicity and investor perceptions, reputational harm, counterparty default risk, inaccuracy of financial projections, inability to obtain full information as to the exact financial and operating conditions of the investment, increased likelihood that the assumptions on which we have based the investment are delayed, change or are never materialized, the effect of disruptions or volatility in the financial markets, inflation, commodity price risk, and additional exposures associated with attempts to hedge and otherwise protect from the downside of the investments. In each instance, if such risks were to materialize, the objective of our investments may not be fully realized, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 The performance of the funds we manage, and our performance, may be adversely affected by the financial performance of portfolio companies of the funds we manage and the industries in which the funds we manage invest. 
 Our performance and the performance of many of the funds we manage are significantly affected by the value of the companies in which the funds we manage have invested. The funds we manage invest in companies in many different industries, each of which is subject to volatility based upon a variety of factors, including economic, political and market factors. For example: 
 The performance of certain of the portfolio companies of the funds we manage in the leisure and hospitality industry has been negatively impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 The performance of the investments of the funds we manage in the commodities markets is substantially dependent upon prevailing prices of oil and natural gas which have been impacted by the recent and ongoing global energy crisis. 
 The investments of the funds we manage in companies in the financial services sector are subject to government regulations, disclosure requirements, limits on fees, increasing borrowing costs or limits on the terms or availability of credit to such portfolio companies, and other regulatory requirements each of which may impact the conduct of such portfolio companies. 
 The real estate investments of the funds we manage are exposed to rising mortgage interest rates, increasing consumer debt and a low level of consumer confidence in the economy and/or the residential real estate market. 
 Investments of the funds we manage in commercial mortgage loans and other commercial real-estate related loans are subject to risks of delinquency and foreclosure, risks of loss that are greater than similar risks associated with mortgage loans made on the security of residential properties, and success of tenant businesses, property management decisions, competition from comparable types of properties and declines in regional or local real estate values and rental or occupancy rates. 
 Investments of the funds we manage in the power and energy industries involve various risks, including regulatory and market risks. The increased scrutiny of regulators and investors on the negative ESG impacts of the power and energy industries may negatively impact the value of investments in these sectors and our ability to exit certain investments on favorable terms. Future regulatory or legislative efforts by government agencies could place additional limitations on 
 -29- 

Table of Contents 

 carbon-intensive forms of power generation or the exploration, mining, extraction, distribution and/or refining of certain fossil fuels. 
 In addition, portfolio companies of the funds we manage across a wide range of industries have experienced significant challenges in their global supply chain, including shortages in supply, or disruptions or delays in shipments, of certain materials or components used in their products, and related price increases. While to date many of these portfolio companies have been able to manage the challenges associated with these delays and shortages without significant disruption to their business, no assurance can be given that these efforts will continue to be successful. Deterioration in the domestic or international economic environment may cause decreased demand for the products and services of the portfolio companies of the funds we manage and increased competition, which could result in lower sales volume and lower prices for their products, longer sales cycles, and slower adoption of new technologies. 
 The performance of the funds we manage, and our performance, may be adversely affected to the extent the portfolio companies of the funds we manage experience adverse performance or additional pressure due to downward trends in their respective industries. 
 The funds that we manage in our yield strategy are subject to numerous additional risks. 
 The funds we manage in our yield strategy are subject to numerous additional risks, including the risks set forth below. 
 The funds we manage may concentrate investments in any one borrower or other issuer, product category, industry, region or country. 
 The funds we manage sometimes hold (including outright positions in issuers and exposure to such issuers derived through any synthetic and/or derivative instrument) in multiple tranches of securities of an issuer (or other interests of an issuer) or multiple funds having interests in the same tranche of an issuer. 
 Certain of these funds may engage in short-selling, which is subject to a theoretically unlimited risk of loss. 
 These funds are exposed to the risk that a counterparty will not settle a transaction in accordance with its terms and conditions because of a dispute over the terms of the contract (whether or not bona fide) or because of a credit or liquidity problem, thus causing the fund to suffer a loss. 
 The efficacy of the investment and trading strategies of certain funds may depend largely on the ability to establish and maintain an overall market position in a combination of different financial instruments, which can be difficult to execute. 
 Certain of these funds originate, acquire or participate in (including through assignments and sub-participation) loans, including, but not limited to, secured and unsecured notes, senior and second lien loans, mezzanine loans, non-performing loans or other high-risk receivables and other similar investments in below investment grade or unrated debt which are or may become illiquid. 
 These funds investments are subject to risks relating to investments in commodities, swaps, futures, options and other derivatives, the prices of which are highly volatile and may be subject to a theoretically unlimited risk of loss in certain circumstances. 
 Conflicts of Interest 
 Our failure to deal appropriately with conflicts of interest could damage our reputation and adversely affect our business. 
 We increasingly confront potential conflicts of interest relating to our business, our investment activities and the investment activities of the funds we manage. As an asset manager, conflicts of interest may arise in connection with investment decisions, including regarding the identification, making, management, valuation, disposition, and timing of a fund s investments. These conflicts of interest include conflicts that arise among the funds we manage as well as between us and the funds we manage. Certain inherent conflicts of interest arise from the fact that (i) we provide investment management services to more than one fund or client, (ii) the funds we manage often have one or more overlapping investment strategies, and (iii) we could choose to allocate an investment to more than one fund or to ourselves. Also, the investment strategies employed by us for current and future clients, or on our own behalf, could conflict with each other, and may adversely affect the prices and availability of other 
 -30- 

Table of Contents 

 securities or instruments held by, or potentially considered for, one or more clients. If participation in specific investment opportunities is appropriate for more than one of the funds we manage, participation in such opportunities will be allocated pursuant to our allocation policies and procedures, which take into account the terms of the relevant partnership or investment management agreement as well as the decisions of our allocations committee. 
 In addition to the potential for conflict among the funds we manage, we face the potential for conflict between us and the funds we manage or clients. These conflicts may include: (i) the allocation of investment opportunities between Apollo and the funds Apollo manages; (ii) the allocation of investment opportunities among funds with different performance fee structures, or where our personnel have invested more heavily in one fund than another; (iii) the determination of what constitutes fund-related expenses and the allocation of such expenses between our advised funds and us and (iv) the ability of our personnel to, in certain circumstances, make investments in the funds we manage or funds managed by third parties on more favorable terms. 
 The documents of the funds we manage typically do not mandate specific allocations with respect to co-investments. The investment advisers of the funds we manage may have an incentive to provide potential co-investment opportunities to certain investors in lieu of others and/or in lieu of an allocation to the funds we manage (including, for example, as part of an investor s overall strategic relationship with us) if such allocations are expected to generate relatively greater fees or performance allocations to us than would arise if such co-investment opportunities were allocated otherwise. 
 The conflicts of interest stemming from investment allocation decisions are exacerbated by our sponsorship of SPACs. After a SPAC has completed its initial public offering, it has to complete its initial business combination within a predetermined completion window. If a SPAC fails to complete a business combination in the prescribed time, the SPAC is required to redeem the shares of its investors while we and the funds we manage, as the SPAC sponsor, would lose our entire investment. In order to protect our capital, our investment professionals may allocate a potential investment to a SPAC as opposed to a different Apollo managed fund, portfolio company or client, thereby creating a conflict of interest. This conflict of interest will increase as our SPACs get closer to the end of their completion window. 
 The funds we manage invest in portfolio companies whose operations may be substantially similar to and/or competitive with the portfolio companies in which our other funds have invested. The performance and operation of such competing businesses could conflict with and adversely affect the performance and operation of the portfolio companies of the funds we manage, and may adversely affect the prices and availability of business opportunities or transactions available to such portfolio companies. In addition, we may take different actions across funds with similar investment programs, objectives or strategies. For example, one of the private equity funds we manage could have an interest in pursuing an acquisition, divestiture or other transaction, even though the proposed transaction would subject one or more of the investments of the credit funds we manage to additional or increased risks. We may also advise clients with investment objectives or strategies that conflict with those of certain of the funds we manage. We, the funds we manage or the portfolio companies of the funds we manage may also have ongoing relationships with issuers whose securities have been acquired by, or are being considered for investment by us. In addition, a dispute may arise between the portfolio companies of the funds we manage, and the investors in the funds we manage may be dissatisfied with our handling of such dispute. 
 We currently operate without information barriers that some other investment management firms implement to separate business units and/or to separate persons who make investment decisions from others who might possess material non-public information that could influence such decisions. Our executive officers, investment professionals or other employees may acquire confidential or material non-public information and, as a result, they, we, the funds we manage and other clients may be restricted from initiating transactions in certain securities. In the event that any of our employees obtains such material non-public information, we may be restricted in acquiring or disposing of investments on behalf of the funds we manage, which could impact the returns generated for such funds. Notwithstanding the maintenance of restricted securities lists and other internal controls, it is possible that the internal controls relating to the management of material non-public information could fail and result in us, or one of our investment professionals, buying or selling a security while, at least constructively, in possession of material non-public information. Inadvertent trading on material non-public information could have adverse effects on our reputation, result in the imposition of regulatory or financial sanctions and, as a consequence, negatively impact our ability to provide our investment management services to our clients and the funds we manage. 
 The functions of certain of our affiliates may give rise to a number of conflicts of interest. For example, certain of our affiliates are broker-dealers registered with the SEC and members of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. FINRA that principally conduct private placements and provide services in respect of the underwriting and syndication of securities, transaction advisory services, including capital markets advisory and structuring services, sourcing services and merger and acquisition advisory services. Additionally, certain of our affiliates and/or portfolio companies of the funds we manage provide a variety of services with respect to financial instruments, including loans, that are not subject to broker-dealer regulations, such as originating, administering, arranging, structuring, placing and syndicating loans, debt advisory and other similar services to the funds we manage and their portfolio companies as well as third parties. While we believe these kinds of transactions are 
 -31- 

Table of Contents 

 beneficial to our clients and the funds we manage, the functions that our affiliates may perform give rise to a number of conflicts of interest, including, for example, with respect to the allocation of investment opportunities. In connection with their services to the funds we manage and their portfolio companies, such affiliates and/or the portfolio companies receive fees from the funds we manage, portfolio companies of the funds we manage and third-party borrowers. Consequently, our relationship with these entities may give rise to conflicts of interest between (i) us and portfolio companies of the funds we manage and/or (ii) us and the funds we manage. Additionally, some of our personnel are dual affiliated with other organizations, including our affiliated broker-dealers. Such dual affiliation gives rise to conflicts of interest, including for example with respect to allocation of time, resources, and investment opportunities. 
 Certain of our executive officers and senior investment professionals have established family offices to provide investment advisory, accounting, administrative and other services to their respective family accounts (including certain charitable accounts) in connection with their personal investment activities unrelated to their investments in Apollo entities. The investment activities of the family offices, and the involvement of the executive officer or senior investment professional in these activities may give rise to potential conflicts between the personal financial interests of the executive officer or senior investment professional and the interests of us, any of our subsidiaries or any stockholder other than such executive officer or senior investment professional. 
 From time to time, we finance, securitize or employ structured finance arrangements in respect of certain of our balance sheet assets. We could also employ structured financing arrangements with respect to co-investment interests and investments in other funds made by our entities (including, potentially, co-investments with the funds we manage). These structured financing arrangements could alter our returns and risk exposure with respect to the applicable balance sheet assets as compared to our returns and risk exposure if we held such assets outside of such structured financing arrangements, and could create incentives for us to take actions in respect of such assets that we otherwise would not in the absence of such arrangements or otherwise alter our alignment with investors in such investments. These arrangements could also result in us realizing liquidity with respect to our equity investment in a fund or other entity at a different point in time (including earlier) than the limited partners of such entity. 
 In addition to such finance arrangements, we also opportunistically invest or otherwise deploy the assets on our balance sheet. Such investments may create a platform of businesses directly owned by us, outside of the funds we manage and their portfolio companies or directly owned by the funds we manage. We may be subject to increased conflicts of interest between operating such platform businesses and the funds we manage and their portfolio companies. In addition, certain entities in which Apollo has made a balance sheet investment also may provide services to Apollo, the funds we manage or their portfolio companies, which may give rise to conflicts of interest. 
 In addition, the funds we manage may, subject to applicable requirements in their governing documents, which may include obtaining advisory board consent, determine to sell a particular portfolio investment into a separate vehicle, which may be managed by us, with different terms i.e. , longer duration) than the fund that originally acquired the portfolio investment, and provide limited partners with the option to monetize their investment with the fund at the time of such sale, or to roll all or a portion of their interest in the portfolio investment into a new vehicle. Under such circumstances, we may invest in or alongside the new vehicle, or hold the entirety of the portfolio investment sold by the fund through or alongside the new vehicle i.e. , in the event that all limited partners elect to monetize their investment at the time of sale to the new vehicle). As a consequence, conflicts of interest may arise across the funds we manage, limited partners, and us. 
 Most of the funds we manage obtain subscription line facilities to facilitate investments and operations, including the payment of fees and expenses. If an investment fund obtains a subscription line facility, the fund s working capital needs will in most instances be satisfied through borrowings by the fund under the subscription line facility, and, less so, by drawdowns of capital contributions by the fund. As a result, capital calls are expected to be conducted in larger amounts on a less frequent basis in order to, among other things, repay borrowings and related interest expenses due under such subscription line facilities. 
 Where an investment fund uses borrowings under a subscription line facility in advance or in lieu of receiving capital contributions from investors to repay any such borrowings and related interest expenses, the use of such facility will result in a different (and perhaps higher) reported internal rate of return than if the facility had not been utilized and instead capital contributions from investors had been contributed at the inception of an investment. This may present conflicts of interest. Because the preferred return of investment funds typically does not accrue on such borrowings, but rather only accrues on capital contributions when made, the use of such subscription line facilities may reduce or eliminate the preferred return received by the investors and accelerate or increase distributions of performance-based allocation to the relevant general partner. This will provide the general partner with an economic incentive to fund investments through such facilities in lieu of capital contributions. However, since interest expense and other costs of borrowings under subscription lines of credit are an expense of the investment fund, the investment fund s incurred expenses will be increased, which may reduce the amount of performance fees generated by the fund. 
 -32- 

Table of Contents 

 Appropriately dealing with conflicts of interest is complex and difficult and our reputation could be damaged if we fail, or appear to fail, to deal appropriately with one or more potential or actual conflicts of interest. Regulatory scrutiny of, or litigation in connection with, conflicts of interest could have a material adverse effect on our reputation which would materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 Risks Related to Regulation and Litigation 
 Extensive regulation of our business affects our activities and creates the potential for significant liabilities and penalties. The possibility of increased regulatory focus could result in additional burdens on our business. 
 We are subject to extensive regulation, including periodic examinations and requirements to obtain and maintain licenses and/or other approvals, by government agencies and self-regulatory organizations in the jurisdictions in which we operate around the world. Many of the various laws and regulations to which we are subject are discussed in Item 1. Business Regulatory and Compliance Matters. As detailed in that section, certain of our subsidiaries and/or affiliates are, among others, regulated under the Investment Advisers Act; the Investment Company Act; the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act; the EU Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive; the EU Markets in Financial Instruments Directive; the EU General Data Protection Regulation; the U.K. Data Protection Act 2018; the Cayman Data Protection Law; the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018; the Regulation on OTC Derivatives, Central Counterparties and Trade Repositories; as well as by the Financial Stability Oversight Council; the Federal Reserve; the SEC; FINRA; the U.S. Department of Labor; the Internal Revenue Service IRS the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency; the Federal Communications Commission; insurance law and regulation and by regulators in U.S. states, the EU, Bermuda, U.K., Ireland, Italy, Switzerland, Germany, Belgium, the Netherlands, Australia, Singapore, Canada, Cayman Islands, Malaysia, South Korea and Hong Kong; banking regulators in Germany, Slovenia and Spain; as well as rules and regulations regarding CLO risk retention, real estate investment trusts, broker-dealers, over the counter derivatives markets, commodity pool operators, commodity trading advisors, gaming companies, and natural resources companies. We are also subject to laws and regulations governing payments and contributions to public officials or other parties, including restrictions imposed by the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, as well as economic sanctions and export control laws administered by the U.S. Treasury Department s Office of Foreign Assets Control, the U.S. Department of Commerce and the U.S. Department of State. Increasingly, we are or may be subject to new initiatives and additional rules and regulations relating to ESG matters, including but not limited to: in the EU, the EU Regulation on the Establishment of a Framework to Facilitate Sustainable Investment as well as the EU Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation and supporting regulatory technical standards; and, in the U.K., the U.K. FCA s disclosure rules for asset managers aligned with the recommendations of the Taskforce on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures as well as the forthcoming Sustainability Disclosure Requirements and investment labelling regime and the proposed U.K. Green Taxonomy. Compliance with such laws and regulations requires increasing amounts of resources and the attention of our management team. Any violation, even if alleged, of such laws and regulations or any failure to obtain or maintain licenses and/or other regulatory approvals as required for our operations may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, cash flows and prospects. 
 Many of these laws and regulations empower regulators, including U.S. and foreign government agencies and self-regulatory organizations, as well as state securities commissions and insurance departments in the U.S., to conduct investigations and administrative proceedings that can result in penalties, fines, suspensions or revocations of licenses and/or other regulatory approvals, suspensions of personnel or other sanctions, including censure, the issuance of cease-and-desist orders, enforcement actions and settlements, or the suspension or expulsion of an investment adviser from registration or memberships. Even if an investigation or proceeding does not result in a sanction or the sanction imposed against us or our personnel by a regulator is small in monetary amount, the adverse publicity relating to the investigation, proceeding or imposition of these sanctions could harm our reputation and cause us to lose existing investors or fail to gain new investors. These requirements imposed by our regulators are designed primarily to ensure the integrity of the financial markets and to protect investors in the funds we manage and policyholders of our insurance businesses and may not necessarily be designed to protect holders of our Preferred shares. Other regulations, such as those promulgated by the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States and similar foreign direct investment regimes in other jurisdictions, may impair our ability to invest the funds we manage and/or for such funds to realize full value from our investments in certain industries and countries. 
 Our business may be adversely affected as a result of new or revised legislation or regulations imposed by U.S. or foreign government agencies or self-regulatory organizations. We also may be adversely affected by changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing laws and rules by these government agencies and self-regulatory organizations. The financial services industry is the focus of increased regulatory scrutiny as various U.S. state and federal government agencies, foreign government agencies and self-regulatory organizations conduct inquiries and investigations into the products and practices of the industry. Consequently, we may be subject to new, divergent, conflicting, increasingly severe regulations and restrictions on our business 
 -33- 

Table of Contents 

 that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, cash flows and prospects. 
 We are subject to third-party litigation from time to time that could result in significant liabilities and reputational harm, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 
 The activities of our business, including the investment activities of the funds we manage and activities of our employees in connection with the funds, their portfolio companies, as well as publicly listed vehicles we manage or sponsor, including SPACs, may subject us and certain of our employees to the risk of litigation by third parties, including fund investors dissatisfied with the performance or management of such funds, holders of our or the funds portfolio companies debt or equity, holders of our Preferred shares, and investors in the SPACs we sponsor and a variety of other potential litigants. In general, we will be exposed to risk of litigation by our investors if our management of any fund is alleged to constitute bad faith, gross negligence, willful misconduct, fraud, willful or reckless disregard for our duties to the fund, breach of fiduciary duties or securities laws, or other forms of misconduct. Fund investors could sue us to recover amounts lost by the funds we manage due to our alleged misconduct, up to the entire amount of loss. Further, we may be subject to litigation arising from investor dissatisfaction with the performance of the funds we manage or from third-party allegations that we (i) improperly exercised control or influence over companies in which the funds we manage have large investments or (ii) are liable for actions or inactions taken by portfolio companies that such third parties argue we control. We are also exposed to risks of litigation or investigation relating to transactions that presented conflicts of interest that were not properly addressed. Our rights to indemnification by the funds we manage may not be upheld if challenged, and our indemnification rights generally do not cover bad faith, gross negligence, willful misconduct, fraud, willful or reckless disregard for our duties to the fund or other forms of misconduct. With many highly paid investment professionals and complex compensation and incentive arrangements, we face the risk of lawsuits relating to claims for compensation, which may individually or in the aggregate be significant in amount. We are also increasingly faced with the risk of litigation or investigation in relation to ESG-related issues given the increasing scrutiny of such issues by investors, other stakeholders, regulators, and other third parties as well as due to the increasing disclosure obligations on our businesses, the funds we manage, and their portfolio companies. Such risks may relate to accusations concerning but not limited to: (i) the activities of portfolio companies, including environmental damage and violations of labor and human rights; (ii) misrepresentations of the investment strategies of the funds we manage as well as about our, the funds , and their investments performance against ESG-related measures and/or ESG initiatives; or (iii) breaches of fiduciary duty in relation to the funds we manage and other violations of law related to the management of ESG risks. 
 If any civil or criminal litigation brought against us were to result in a finding of substantial legal liability or culpability, the litigation could, in addition to any financial damage, cause significant reputational harm to us, which could seriously harm our business. In addition, we may not be able to obtain or maintain sufficient insurance on commercially reasonable terms or with adequate coverage levels against potential liabilities we may face in connection with potential claims, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Risks Related to Taxation 
 Our structure involves complex provisions of tax law for which no clear precedent or authority may be available. Our structure is also subject to ongoing future potential legislative, judicial or administrative change and differing interpretations, possibly on a retroactive basis. 
 The tax treatment of our structure and transactions undertaken by us depends in some instances on determinations of fact and interpretations of complex provisions of U.S. federal, state, local and non-U.S. income tax law for which no clear precedent or authority may be available. In addition, U.S. federal, state, local and non-U.S. income tax rules are constantly under review by persons involved in the legislative process, the IRS, the U.S. Department of the Treasury, and non-U.S. legislative and regulatory bodies, which frequently results in revised interpretations of established concepts, statutory changes, revisions to regulations and other modifications and interpretations. It is possible that future legislation increases the U.S. federal income tax rates applicable to corporations, limits further the deductibility of interest, subjects carried interest to more onerous taxation or effects other changes that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 On August 16, 2022, the U.S. government enacted the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IRA ). The IRA contains a number of tax-related provisions, including a 15 minimum corporate income tax on certain large corporations as well as an excise tax on stock repurchases. It is unclear how the IRA will be implemented by the U.S. Department of the Treasury through regulation. We are still evaluating the impact of the IRA on our tax liability, which tax liability could also be affected by how the provisions of the IRA are implemented through such regulation. We will continue to evaluate the IRA s impact as further information becomes available. 
 -34- 

Table of Contents 

 We cannot predict whether any particular proposed legislation will be enacted or, if enacted, what the specific provisions or the effective date of any such legislation would be, or whether it would have any effect on us. As such, we cannot assure you that future legislative, administrative or judicial developments will not result in an increase in the amount of U.S. or non-U.S. tax payable by us, the funds we manage, portfolio companies owned by such funds or by investors in our shares. If any such developments occur, our business, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected and such developments could have an adverse effect on your investment in our shares. 
 Our effective tax rate and tax liability is based on the application of current income tax laws, regulations and treaties. These laws, regulations and treaties are complex, and the manner which they apply to us and the funds we manage is sometimes open to interpretation. Significant management judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes, our deferred tax assets and liabilities and any valuation allowance recorded against our net deferred tax assets. Although management believes its application of current laws, regulations and treaties to be correct and sustainable upon examination by the tax authorities, the tax authorities could challenge our interpretation resulting in additional tax liability or adjustment to our income tax provision that could increase our effective tax rate. 
 In addition, we or certain portfolio companies of the funds we manage are currently (or have been recently) under tax audit in various jurisdictions, including the U.S., India, and the U.K., and these jurisdictions or any others where we conduct business may assess additional tax against us. While we believe our tax positions, determinations, and calculations are reasonable, the final determination of tax upon resolution of any audits could be materially different from our historical tax provisions and accruals. Should additional material taxes be assessed as a result of an audit, assessment, or litigation, there could be an adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows in the period or periods for which that determination is made. 
 The U.S. Congress, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (the OECD and other government agencies in jurisdictions where we and our affiliates invest or conduct business have continued to recommend and implement changes related to the taxation of multinational companies. The OECD, which represents a coalition of member countries, is contemplating changes to numerous long-standing tax principles through its base erosion and profit shifting BEPS project, which is focused on a number of issues, including profit shifting among affiliated entities in different jurisdictions, interest deductibility and eligibility for the benefits of double tax treaties. Several of the proposed measures, including measures covering treaty abuse, the deductibility of interest expense, local nexus requirements, transfer pricing and hybrid mismatch arrangements are potentially relevant to some of the fund structures and could have an adverse tax impact on the funds we manage, investors and/or the portfolio companies of the funds we manage. Some member countries have been moving forward on the BEPS agenda but, because timing of implementation and the specific measures adopted will vary among participating states, significant uncertainty remains regarding the impact of BEPS proposals. As a result, uncertainty remains around the access to tax treaties for some of the investments holding platforms, which could create situations of double taxation and adversely impact the investment returns of the funds we manage. 
 In addition, the OECD is continuing to work on a two pillar initiative, BEPS 2.0, which is aimed at (1) shifting taxing rights to the jurisdiction of the consumer Pillar One and (2) ensuring all companies pay a global minimum tax Pillar Two ). Pillar One will, broadly, re-allocate taxing rights over 25 of the residual profits of multinational enterprises MNEs with global turnover in excess of 20 billion euros (excluding extractives and regulated financial services) to the jurisdictions where the customers and users of those MNEs are located. Pillar Two will, broadly, consist of two interlocking domestic rules (together the Global Anti-Base Erosion Rules (the GloBE Rules )): (i) an Income Inclusion Rule IIR ), which imposes top-up tax on a parent entity in respect of the low-taxed income of a constituent entity; and (ii) an Undertaxed Payment Rule, which denies deductions or requires an equivalent adjustment to the extent the low-taxed income of a constituent entity is not subject to tax under an IIR. There will also be a treaty-based Subject To Tax Rule that allows source jurisdictions to impose limited source taxation on certain related party payments subject to tax below a minimum rate. 
 For countries other than the U.S., the OECD recommended model GloBE Rules for Pillar Two in late 2021. The OECD also released further guidance on the model GloBE Rules during 2022 and is expected to continue to release guidance on a rolling basis throughout 2023. This includes the release in early February 2023 of further technical guidance which comments in particular on the interaction between the model GloBE Rules and current US tax law. It was indicated by the OECD in May 2022 that the Two-Pillar Solution will not come into force until 2024 at the earliest. 
 Several aspects of the model GloBE Rules, including whether some or all of our activities may fall within the scope of the exclusions therefrom, currently remain unclear or uncertain notwithstanding existing commentary and draft legislation. The United Kingdom released draft legislation in July 2022 seeking to implement the IIR via a multinational top-up tax and has stated an intention that this tax will apply to multinational enterprises for accounting periods beginning on or after December 31, 2023. It is possible that other countries or jurisdictions may implement the recommended model GloBE Rules as drafted, in a modified form, or not at all. The content of future OECD guidance and its consistency with current international tax principles is currently unclear. Additionally, the timing, scope and implementation of any of these provisions into domestic law also 
 -35- 

Table of Contents 

 remains subject to significant uncertainty. Depending on how the model GloBE Rules are implemented or clarified by additional commentary or guidance in the future, they may result in material additional tax being payable. 
 Changes in U.S. and non-U.S. tax law could adversely affect our ability to raise funds from certain investors. 
 Under the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act FATCA ), certain U.S. withholding agents, foreign financial institutions FFIs ), and non-financial foreign entities, are required to report information about offshore accounts and investments to the U.S. or their local taxing authorities annually or be subject to a 30 U.S. withholding tax on certain U.S. payments. The reporting obligations imposed under FATCA require FFIs to comply with agreements with the IRS to obtain and disclose information about certain investors to the IRS. The administrative and economic costs of compliance with FATCA may discourage some investors from investing in U.S. funds, which could adversely affect our ability to raise funds from these investors. Other countries, such as the U.K., Luxembourg, and the Cayman Islands, have implemented regimes similar to that of FATCA. The OECD has also developed the Common Reporting Standard CRS for exchange of information pursuant to which many countries have now signed multilateral agreements. Rules and regulations are currently and will continue to be introduced (particularly pursuant to the EU Directive on Administrative Co-Operation , or DAC 6 , and the OECD s model Mandatory Disclosure Rules) which require the reporting to tax authorities of information about certain types of arrangements, including arrangements which may circumvent the CRS. Compliance with CRS and other similar regimes could result in increased administrative and compliance costs and could subject our investment entities to increased non-U.S. withholding taxes. 
 Our non-U.S. subsidiaries may be subject to U.S. federal income taxation in an amount greater than expected. 
 Our non-U.S. subsidiaries are treated as foreign corporations under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (such subsidiaries, the Non-U.S. Companies ). Each of the Non-U.S. Companies currently intends to operate in a manner that will not cause it to be subject to U.S. federal income taxation on a net basis in any material amount. However, there is considerable uncertainty as to whether a foreign corporation is engaged in a trade or business (or has a permanent establishment) in the U.S., as the law is unclear and the determination is highly factual and must be made annually, and therefore there can be no assurance that the IRS will not successfully contend that a Non-U.S. Company that does not intend to be treated as engaged in a trade or business (or as having a permanent establishment) in the U.S. does, in fact, so engage (or have such a permanent establishment). If any such Non-U.S. Company is treated as engaged in a trade or business in the U.S. (or as having a permanent establishment), it may incur greater tax costs than expected on any income not exempt from taxation under an applicable income tax treaty, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 The Base Erosion and Anti-Abuse Tax BEAT may significantly increase our tax liability. 
 The BEAT operates as a minimum tax and is generally calculated as a percentage (10 for taxable years before 2026 and 12.5 thereafter) of the modified taxable income of an applicable taxpayer. Modified taxable income is calculated by adding back to a taxpayer s regular taxable income the amount of certain base erosion tax benefits with respect to certain payments made to foreign affiliates of the taxpayer, as well as the base erosion percentage of any net operating loss deductions. The BEAT applies for a taxable year only to the extent it exceeds a taxpayer s regular corporate income tax liability for such year (determined without regard to certain tax credits). 
 We will establish our tax provision in accordance with U.S. GAAP. However, there can be no assurance that this provision will accurately reflect the amount of U.S. federal income tax that we ultimately pay, as that amount could differ materially from the estimate. There may be material adverse consequences to our business if tax authorities successfully challenge our BEAT calculations, in light of the uncertainties described above. 
 Risks Related to Our Preferred Shares 
 The market price and trading volume of our Preferred shares may be volatile, which could result in rapid and substantial losses for our stockholders. 
 The market price of our Preferred shares may be highly volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations. In addition, the trading volume in our Preferred shares may fluctuate and cause significant price variations to occur. You may be unable to resell your Preferred shares at or above your purchase price, if at all. The market price of our Preferred shares may fluctuate or decline significantly in the future. Some of the factors that could negatively affect the price of our Preferred shares or result in fluctuations in the price or trading volume of our Preferred shares include: variations in our quarterly operating results or dividends, which variations we expect will be substantial; our policy of taking a long-term perspective on making investment, operational and strategic decisions, which is expected to result in significant and unpredictable variations in our quarterly returns; our creditworthiness, results of operations and financial condition; the credit ratings of the Preferred shares; the 
 -36- 

Table of Contents 

 prevailing interest rates or rates of return being paid by other companies similar to us and the market for similar securities; failure to meet analysts earnings estimates; publication of research reports about us or the investment management industry or the failure of securities analysts to cover our Preferred shares; additions or departures of key management personnel; adverse market reaction to any indebtedness we may incur or securities we may issue in the future; actions by stockholders; changes in market valuations of similar companies; speculation in the press or investment community; changes or proposed changes in laws or regulations or differing interpretations thereof affecting our business or enforcement of these laws and regulations, or announcements relating to these matters; a lack of liquidity in the trading of our Preferred shares; adverse publicity about the investment management industry generally or individual scandals, specifically; a breach of our computer systems, software or networks, or misappropriation of our proprietary information; and economic, financial, geopolitical, regulatory or judicial events or conditions that affect us or the financial markets. 
 Our performance, market conditions and prevailing interest rates have fluctuated in the past and can be expected to fluctuate in the future. Fluctuations in these factors could have an adverse effect on the price and liquidity of the Preferred shares. In general, as market interest rates rise, securities with fixed interest rates or fixed distribution rates, such as the Preferred shares, decline in value. Consequently, if you purchase the Preferred shares and market interest rates increase, the market price of the Preferred shares may decline. We cannot predict the future level of market interest rates. 
 Our ability to pay quarterly dividends on the Preferred shares will be subject to, among other things, general business conditions, our financial results, restrictions under the terms of our existing and future indebtedness, and our liquidity needs. Any reduction or discontinuation of quarterly dividends could cause the market price of the Preferred shares to decline significantly. Accordingly, the Preferred shares may trade at a discount to their purchase price. 
 An investment in our Preferred shares is not an investment in any of the funds we manage, and the assets and revenues of such funds are not directly available to us. 
 Our Preferred shares are securities of Apollo Asset Management, Inc. only. While our historical consolidated and combined financial information includes financial information, including assets and revenues of certain funds we manage on a consolidated basis, and our future financial information will continue to consolidate certain of these funds, such assets and revenues are available to the fund, and not to us except through management fees, performance fees, distributions and other proceeds arising from agreements with funds, as discussed in more detail in this report. 
 We cannot assure you that our intended quarterly dividends on our Preferred shares will be paid each quarter or at all. 
 The declaration and payment of dividends is at the sole discretion of our board of directors. In making decisions regarding our quarterly dividend, our board of directors considers general economic and business conditions, our strategic plans and prospects, our business and investment opportunities, our financial condition and operating results, working capital requirements and anticipated cash needs, contractual restrictions and obligations, legal, tax, regulatory and other restrictions that may have implications on the payment of dividends by us to the holders of our Preferred shares or by our subsidiaries to us, and such other factors as our board of directors may deem relevant. 
 We cannot assure you that any dividends will or can be paid to the holders of our Preferred shares. If dividends on a series of the Preferred shares have not been declared and paid for the equivalent of six or more quarterly dividend periods, whether or not consecutive, holders of the Preferred shares, together as a class with holders of any other series of parity shares with like voting rights, will be entitled to vote for the election of two additional directors to the board of directors. When quarterly dividends have been declared and paid on such series of the Preferred shares for four consecutive quarters following such a nonpayment event, the right of the holders of the Preferred shares and such parity shares to elect these two additional directors will cease, the terms of office of these two directors will forthwith terminate and the number of directors constituting the board of directors will be reduced accordingly. 
 Risks Related to Our Organization and Structure 
 Apollo Global Management, Inc. holds all of our shares of common stock. 
 Apollo Global Management, Inc. holds all of our shares of common stock. As a result, Apollo Global Management, Inc. is able to control any action requiring the general approval of our stockholders, including the election of our board of directors, the adoption of amendments to our certificate of incorporation and bylaws and the approval of any merger or sale of substantially all of our assets, as well as our ability to enter into corporate transactions. The interests of Apollo Global Management, Inc. could conflict with or differ from our interests or the interests of our other holders of Preferred shares. For example, Apollo Global Management, Inc. could delay, defer or prevent a change of control of us or impede a merger, takeover or other business combination that may otherwise be favorable for us. Additionally, Apollo Global Management, Inc., as the holder of all our shares of common stock, is able to remove any of our directors at its discretion. 
 -37- 

Table of Contents 

 We are not required to comply with most corporate governance requirements under the rules of the NYSE. 
 Our listed securities consist only of the Preferred shares. Additionally, we are exempt from complying with Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act because the shares of common stock of our parent, Apollo Global Management, Inc., are listed on the NYSE. As a result, we are not required, and we do not intend, to have (i) a nominating/corporate governance committee and (ii) a compensation committee. We are also not required to have an audit committee that complies with Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act. Accordingly, holders of our Preferred shares will not have the same protections afforded to equity holders of entities that are subject to all of the corporate governance requirements of the NYSE. 
 We are required to pay our Former Managing Partners and Contributing Partners for most of the actual tax benefits we realize as a result of the tax basis step-up we received in connection with our acquisitions of units from them. 
 Prior to the consummation of our corporate reorganization on January 1, 2022, and subject to certain restrictions, each of our Former Managing Partners and Contributing Partners had the right to exchange the AOG Units that he held through his partnership interest in Holdings for our Class A shares in a taxable transaction. These exchanges, as well as our acquisitions of units from our Former Managing Partners and Contributing Partners, resulted in increases in the tax basis of the intangible assets of the Apollo Operating Group that otherwise would not have been available. Any such increases reduced the amount of tax that Apollo Asset Management, Inc., the parent of the consolidated group which includes APO Corp. and APO Asset Corp., wholly owned subsidiaries of Apollo Asset Management, Inc., would otherwise be required to pay in the future. 
 We have entered into a tax receivable agreement with our Former Managing Partners and Contributing Partners that provides for the payment by Apollo Asset Management, Inc., to our Former Managing Partners and Contributing Partners of 85 of the amount of actual tax savings, if any, that Apollo Asset Management, Inc. realizes (or is deemed to realize in the case of an early termination payment by Apollo Asset Management, Inc. or a change of control, as discussed below) as a result of these increases in tax deductions and tax basis and certain other tax benefits, including imputed interest expense, related to entering into the tax receivable agreement. Future payments that Apollo Asset Management, Inc. may make to our Former Managing Partners and Contributing Partners could be material in amount. 
 The IRS could challenge our claim to any increase in the tax basis of the assets owned by the Apollo Operating Group that resulted from the exchanges entered into by our Former Managing Partners and Contributing Partners. The IRS could also challenge any additional tax depreciation and amortization deductions or other tax benefits (including deductions for imputed interest expense associated with payments made under the tax receivable agreement) we claim as a result of, or in connection with, such increases in the tax basis of such assets. If the IRS were to successfully challenge a tax basis increase or tax benefits we previously claimed from a tax basis increase, Holdings would not be obligated under the tax receivable agreement to reimburse Apollo Asset Management, Inc. for any payments previously made to them (although any future payments would be adjusted to reflect the result of such challenge). As a result, in certain circumstances, payments could be made to our Former Managing Partners and Contributing Partners under the tax receivable agreement in excess of 85 of the actual aggregate cash tax savings of Apollo Asset Management, Inc. Apollo Asset Management, Inc. s ability to achieve benefits from any tax basis increase and the payments to be made under this agreement will depend upon a number of factors, including the timing and amount of its future income. 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the sole and exclusive forum for certain legal actions between us and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a judicial forum viewed by the stockholders as more favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees, and the enforceability of the exclusive forum provision may be subject to uncertainty. 
 Article XV of our Certificate of Incorporation provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for: (a) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; (b) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our current or former directors, officers, other employees or stockholders to us or our stockholders; (c) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, the Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws or as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware; or (d) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine, except for, as to each of (a) through (d) above, any claim as to which the Court of Chancery determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination), which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery, or for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction. The exclusive forum provision also provides that it will not apply to claims arising under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or other federal securities laws for which there is exclusive federal or concurrent federal and state jurisdiction. Stockholders cannot waive, and will not be deemed to have waived under the exclusive forum provision, the Company s compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and 
 -38- 

Table of Contents 

 regulations thereunder. Although we believe this exclusive forum provision benefits us by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, this exclusive forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or any of our directors, officers, other employees or stockholders, which may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims. Further, in the event a court finds the exclusive forum provision contained in the Certificate of Incorporation to be unenforceable or inapplicable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 Our principal executive offices are located in leased office space at 9 West 57th Street, New York, New York 10019. We also lease the space for our offices in New York, Los Angeles, El Segundo, Carlsbad, Houston, Bethesda, Greenwich, Miami, Palm Beach, London, Frankfurt, Madrid, Luxembourg, Mumbai, Delhi, Singapore, Hong Kong, Shanghai, Tokyo and Sydney, among other locations throughout the world. We do not own any real property. We consider these facilities to be suitable and adequate for the management and operation of our businesses. 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 See a summary of the Company s legal proceedings set forth in note 15 to our consolidated financial statements, which is incorporated by reference herein. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 -39- 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

-40- 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with Apollo Asset Management, Inc. s consolidated financial statements and the related notes as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties. Actual results and the timing of events may differ significantly from those expressed or implied in such forward-looking statements due to a number of factors, including those included in the section of this report entitled Item 1A. Risk Factors. The highlights listed below have had significant effects on many items within our consolidated financial statements and affect the comparison of the current period s activity with those of prior periods. Target returns included in this report are presented gross and do not account for fees, expenses and taxes, which will reduce returns. Target returns are neither guarantees nor predictions or projections of future performance. There can be no assurance that target returns will be achieved or that Apollo will be successful in implementing the applicable strategy. Actual gross and net returns for funds managed by Apollo, and individual investors participating directly or indirectly in funds managed by Apollo, may vary significantly from the target returns set forth herein. 
 
 General 
 Our Businesses 
 Founded in 1990, Apollo is a high-growth, global alternative asset manager. Apollo conducts its business primarily in the United States through the following two reportable segments: asset management and principal investing. These business segments are differentiated based on the investment services they provide as well as varying investing strategies. Apollo had a team of 2,540 employees, including 736 investment professionals, as of December 31, 2022. 
 Asset Management 
 Our asset management segment focuses on three investing strategies: yield, hybrid and equity. We have a flexible mandate in many of the funds we manage which enables the funds to invest opportunistically across a company s capital structure. We raise, invest and manage funds, accounts and other vehicles on behalf of some of the world s most prominent pension, endowment and sovereign wealth funds and insurance companies, as well as other institutional and individual investors. As of December 31, 2022, we had total AUM of 547.6 billion. 
 The yield, hybrid and equity investing strategies of our asset management segment reflect the range of investment capabilities across our platform based on relative risk and return. As an asset manager, we earn fees for providing investment management services and expertise to our client base. The amount of fees charged for managing these assets depends on the underlying investment strategy, liquidity profile, and, ultimately, our ability to generate returns for our clients. We also earn capital solutions fees as part of our growing capital solutions business and as part of monitoring and deployment activity alongside our sizeable private equity franchise. After expenses, we call the resulting earnings stream Fee Related Earnings or FRE , which represents the primary performance measure for the asset management segment. 
 Yield 
 Yield is our largest asset management strategy with 392.5 billion of AUM as of December 31, 2022. Our yield strategy focuses on generating excess returns through high-quality credit underwriting and origination. Beyond participation in the traditional issuance and secondary credit markets, through our origination platforms and corporate solutions capabilities we seek to originate attractive and safe-yielding assets for the investors in the funds we manage. Within our yield strategy, we target 4 to 10 returns for our clients. Since inception, the total return yield fund has generated a 5 gross Return on Equity ROE and 4 net ROE annualized through December 31, 2022. 
 Hybrid 
 Our hybrid strategy, with 56.4 billion of AUM as of December 31, 2022, brings together our capabilities across debt and equity to seek to offer a differentiated risk-adjusted return with an emphasis on structured downside protected opportunities across asset classes. We target 8 to 15 returns within our hybrid strategy by pursuing investments in all market environments, deploying capital during both periods of dislocation and market strength, and focusing on different investing strategies and asset classes. The flagship hybrid credit hedge fund we manage has generated an 11 gross ROE and a 7 net ROE annualized and the hybrid value funds we manage have generated a 21 gross IRR and a 16 net IRR from inception through December 31, 2022. 
 -41- 

Table of Contents 

 Equity 
 Our equity strategy manages 98.8 billion of AUM as of December 31, 2022. Our equity strategy emphasizes flexibility, complexity, and purchase price discipline to drive opportunistic-like returns for our clients throughout market cycles. Apollo s equity team has experience across sectors, industries, and geographies in both private equity and real estate equity. Our control equity transactions are principally buyouts, corporate carveouts and distressed investments, while the real estate funds we manage generally transact in single asset, portfolio and platform acquisitions. Within our equity strategy, we target upwards of 15 returns in the funds we manage. We have consistently produced attractive long-term investment returns in the traditional private equity funds we manage, generating a 39 gross IRR and a 24 net IRR on a compound annual basis from inception through December 31, 2022. 
 Principal Investing 
 Our principal investing segment is comprised of our realized performance fee income, realized investment income from our balance sheet investments, and certain allocable expenses related to corporate functions supporting the entire company. The principal investing segment also includes our growth capital and liquidity resources. We expect to deploy capital into strategic investments over time that will help accelerate the growth of our asset management segment, by broadening our investment management and/or product distribution capabilities or increasing the efficiency of our operations. We believe these investments will translate into greater compounded annual growth of Fee Related Earnings. 
 Given the cyclical nature of performance fees, earnings from our principal investing segment, or Principal Investing Income PII ), is inherently more volatile in nature than earnings from the asset management segment. We earn fees based on the investment performance of the funds we manage and compensate our employees, primarily investment professionals, with a meaningful portion of these proceeds to align our team with the investors in the funds we manage and incentivize them to deliver strong investment performance over time. We expect to increase the proportion of performance fee income we pay to our employees over time, and as such proportion increases, we expect PII to represent a relatively smaller portion of our total company earnings. 
 The diagram below depicts our current organizational structure: 
 
 Note: The organizational structure chart above depicts a simplified version of the Apollo structure. It does not include all legal entities in the structure. 
 (1) Includes direct and indirect ownership by AGM. 
 Business Environment 
 As a global alternative asset manager, we are affected by the condition of global financial markets and the economy. Price fluctuations within equity, credit, commodity, foreign exchange markets, as well as interest rates and global inflation, which may be volatile and mixed across geographies, can significantly impact the performance of our business, including, but not limited to, the valuation of investments, including those of the funds we manage, and related income we may recognize. 
 -42- 

Table of Contents 

 We carefully monitor economic and market conditions that could potentially give rise to global market volatility and affect our business operations, investment portfolios and derivatives, which includes global inflation. 
 Adverse economic conditions may result from domestic and global economic and political developments, including plateauing or decreasing economic growth and business activity, civil unrest, geopolitical tensions or military action, such as the armed conflict between Ukraine and Russia and corresponding sanctions imposed by the United States and other countries, and new or evolving legal and regulatory requirements on business investment, hiring, migration, labor supply and global supply chains. 
 U.S. inflation remained heightened during the fourth quarter of 2022, and the U.S. Federal Reserve continued its interest rate hiking cycle as a result. The U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics reported that the annual U.S. inflation rate decreased to 6.5 as of December 31, 2022, compared to 7.0 as of December 31, 2021, and 8.2 as of September 30, 2022, as action from the U.S. Federal Reserve is beginning to temper inflation. While beginning to decline, the heightened U.S. inflation rate remains persistent due to a combination of supply and demand factors. As a result, in December 2022, the Federal Reserve raised the benchmark interest rate to a target range of 4.25 to 4.50 , up from a target range of 0 to 0.25 in 2021, which marked the seventh consecutive interest rate hike in 2022. 
 In the U.S., the S P 500 Index decreased by 19.4 in 2022, following an increase of 26.9 in 2021. Global equity markets decreased similarly in 2022, with the MSCI All Country World ex USA Index decreasing 13.8 , following an increase of 13.2 in 2021. 
 Conditions in the credit markets have a significant impact on our business. Credit markets were negative in 2022, with the BofAML HY Master II Index decreasing by 11.2 , while the S P/LSTA Leveraged Loan Index decreased by 0.6 . The U.S. 10-year Treasury yield ended the year at 3.9 . 
 In terms of economic conditions in the U.S., the Bureau of Economic Analysis reported real GDP increased at an annual rate of 2.1 in 2022, following an increase of 5.9 in 2021. As of January 2023, the International Monetary Fund estimated that the U.S. economy will expand by 1.4 in 2023 and 1.0 in 2024. The U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics reported that the U.S. unemployment rate decreased to 3.5 as of December 31, 2022. 
 Foreign exchange rates can materially impact the valuations of our investments and those of the funds we manage that are denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. The U.S. dollar weakened in the fourth quarter of 2022 compared to the euro and the British pound as global central banks worked to combat the increasing yield disparity. Relative to the U.S. dollar, the euro depreciated 5.9 during 2022, after depreciating 6.9 in 2021, while the British pound depreciated 10.7 during 2022, after depreciating 1.0 in 2021. Oil moves also moderated, ending 2022 up 6.7 , after appreciating by 55.0 during 2021, amid a volatile year which included recession fears that counteracted constrained supply and oil export disruptions driven by the ongoing conflict between Ukraine and Russia. 
 We are actively monitoring the developments in Ukraine resulting from the Russia/Ukraine conflict and the economic sanctions and restrictions imposed against Russia, Belarus, and certain Russian and Belarussian entities and individuals. Apollo continues to (i) identify and assess any exposure to designated persons or entities across Apollo s business; (ii) ensure existing surveillance and controls are calibrated to the evolving sanctions; and (iii) ensure appropriate levels of communication across Apollo, and with other relevant market participants, as appropriate. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the funds we manage have no investments that would cause Apollo or any Apollo managed fund to be in violation of current international sanctions, and we believe the direct exposure of investment portfolios of the funds we manage to Russia and Ukraine is insignificant. Apollo and the funds we manage do not intend to make any new material investments in Russia, and have appropriate controls in place to ensure review of any new exposure. 
 
 Institutional investors continue to allocate capital towards alternative investment managers for more attractive risk-adjusted returns in a low interest rate environment, and we believe the business environment remains generally accommodative to raise larger successor funds, launch new products, and pursue attractive strategic growth opportunities. 
 -43- 

Table of Contents 

 Overview of Results of Operations 
 Revenues 
 Management Fees 
 The significant growth of the assets we manage has had a positive effect on our revenues. Management fees are typically calculated based upon any of net asset value, gross assets, adjusted par asset value, adjusted costs of all unrealized portfolio investments, capital commitments, invested capital, adjusted assets, capital contributions, or stockholders equity, each as defined in the applicable limited partnership agreement and/or management agreement of the unconsolidated funds or accounts. 
 Advisory and Transaction Fees, Net 
 As a result of providing advisory services with respect to actual and potential investments, we are entitled to receive fees for transactions related to the acquisition and, in certain instances, disposition and financing of companies, some of which are portfolio companies of the funds we manage, as well as fees for ongoing monitoring of portfolio company operations and directors fees. We also receive advisory fees for advisory services provided to certain funds. In addition, monitoring fees are generated on certain structured portfolio company investments. Under the terms of the limited partnership agreements for certain funds, the management fee payable by the funds may be subject to a reduction based on a certain percentage (up to 100 of such advisory and transaction fees, net of applicable broken deal costs Management Fee Offset ). Such amounts are presented as a reduction to advisory and transaction fees, net, in the consolidated statements of operations (see note 2 to our consolidated financial statements for more detail on advisory and transaction fees, net). 
 Performance Fees 
 The general partners of the funds we manage are entitled to an incentive return of normally up to 20 of the total returns of a fund s capital, depending upon performance of the underlying funds and subject to preferred returns and high water marks, as applicable. Performance fees, categorized as performance allocations, are accounted for as an equity method investment, and effectively, the performance fees for any period are based upon an assumed liquidation of the funds assets at the reporting date, and distribution of the net proceeds in accordance with the funds allocation provisions. Performance fees categorized as incentive fees, which are not accounted as an equity method investment, are deferred until fees are probable to not be significantly reversed. The majority of performance fees are comprised of performance allocations. 
 As of December 31, 2022, approximately 45 of the value of the investments of the funds we manage on a gross basis was determined using market-based valuation methods (i.e., reliance on broker or listed exchange quotes) and the remaining 55 was determined primarily by comparable company and industry multiples or discounted cash flow models. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Businesses The performance of the funds we manage, and our performance, may be adversely affected by the financial performance of portfolio companies of the funds we manage and the industries in which the funds we manage invest for discussion regarding certain industry-specific risks that could affect the fair value of certain of the portfolio company investments of the funds we manage. 
 In certain funds we manage, generally in our equity strategy, the Company does not earn performance fees until the investors have achieved cumulative investment returns on invested capital (including management fees and expenses) in excess of an 8 hurdle rate. Additionally, certain of the yield and hybrid funds we manage have various performance fee rates and hurdle rates. Certain of the yield and hybrid funds we manage allocate performance fees to the general partner in a similar manner as the equity funds. In certain funds we manage, as long as the investors achieve their priority returns, there is a catch-up formula whereby the Company earns a priority return for a portion of the return until the Company s performance fees equate to its incentive fee rate for that fund; thereafter, the Company participates in returns from the fund at the performance fee rate. Performance fees, categorized as performance allocations, are subject to reversal to the extent that the performance fees distributed exceed the amount due to the general partner based on a fund s cumulative investment returns. The Company recognizes potential repayment of previously received performance fees as a general partner obligation representing all amounts previously distributed to the general partner that would need to be repaid to the Apollo funds if these funds were to be liquidated based on the current fair value of the underlying funds investments as of the reporting date. The actual general partner obligation, however, would not become payable or realized until the end of a fund s life or as otherwise set forth in the respective limited partnership agreement of the fund. 
 -44- 

Table of Contents 

 The table below presents an analysis of Apollo s (i) performance fees receivable on an unconsolidated basis and (ii) realized and unrealized performance fees: 
 As of December 31, Performance Fees for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 Performance Fees for the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Performance Fees for the Year Ended December 31, 2020 2022 2021 Performance Fees Receivable on an Unconsolidated Basis Unrealized Realized Total Unrealized Realized Total Unrealized Realized Total (in thousands) AIOF I and II 10,746 16,027 (5,281) 26,832 21,551 3,227 16,118 19,345 (5,389) 15,405 10,016 ANRP I, II and III (1) 
 33,543 89,883 (66,032) 2,689 (63,343) 109,861 51,757 161,618 (21,419) 277 (21,142) EPF Funds (1) 
 71,415 135,231 (79,009) 47,545 (31,464) 57,345 44,716 102,061 (148,750) 35,025 (113,725) FCI Funds 138,129 139,285 (1,156) (1,156) 66,632 66,632 (9,305) (9,305) Fund IX 1,261,834 768,245 493,589 200,337 693,926 614,448 389,135 1,003,583 153,798 153,798 Fund VIII 369,243 726,221 (356,978) 22,014 (334,964) (74,245) 671,616 597,371 84,777 84,777 Fund VII (2) 
 39,842 77,287 (37,713) 44,426 6,713 182,331 49,425 231,756 (7,410) 504 (6,906) Fund VI 17,665 16,259 (1,294) 2,700 1,406 (1,589) 44 (1,545) 22 653 675 Fund IV and Fund V (1) 
 283 283 (542) (542) (573) (573) HVF I 43,843 106,082 (62,238) 116,306 54,068 53,585 65,274 118,859 52,792 19,795 72,587 Real Estate Equity 
 62,827 42,059 21,951 18,075 40,026 27,533 742 28,275 (28,235) 12,365 (15,870) Corporate Credit 19,372 18,345 3,631 19,402 23,033 4,375 15,820 20,195 1,410 8,785 10,195 Structured Finance and ABS 85,451 98,816 (3,918) 23,505 19,587 46,331 33,419 79,750 2,716 12,982 15,698 Direct Origination 145,484 108,779 36,177 34,867 71,044 49,960 23,549 73,509 (10,219) 11,047 828 Other (1)(3) 
 382,661 432,594 55,675 108,045 163,720 174,980 432,937 607,917 (26,970) 173,921 146,951 Total 2,682,055 2,775,113 (2,313) 666,743 664,430 1,314,232 1,794,552 3,108,784 37,245 290,759 328,004 Total, net of profit sharing payable (4) /expense 
 1,380,062 1,430,962 (17,374) 134,072 116,698 811,488 807,798 1,619,286 1,447 96,751 98,198 
 (1) As of December 31, 2022, certain funds had 106.5 million in general partner obligations to return previously distributed performance fees. The fair value gain on investments and income at the fund level needed to reverse the general partner obligations was 1.7 billion, as of December 31, 2022. 
 (2) As of December 31, 2022, the remaining investments and escrow cash of Fund VII was valued at 112 of the fund s unreturned capital, which was below the required escrow ratio of 115 . As a result, the fund is required to place in escrow current and future performance fee distributions to the general partner until the specified return ratio of 115 is met (at the time of a future distribution) or upon liquidation. As of December 31, 2022, Fund VII had 85.5 million of gross performance fees, or 48.7 million net of profit sharing, in escrow. With respect to Fund VII, realized performance fees currently distributed to the general partner are limited to potential tax distributions and interest on escrow balances per the fund s partnership agreements. Performance fees receivable as of December 31, 2022 and realized performance fees for the year ended December 31, 2022 include interest earned on escrow balances that is not subject to contingent repayment. 
 (3) Other includes certain SIAs. 
 (4) There was a corresponding profit sharing payable of 1.3 billion as of December 31, 2022, including profit sharing payable related to amounts in escrow and contingent consideration obligations of 55.0 million . 
 The general partners of ce rtain of the funds we manage accrue performance fees, categorized as performance allocations, when the fair value of investments exceeds the cost basis of the individual investors investments in the fund, including any allocable share of expenses incurred in connection with such investments, which we refer to as high water marks. These high water marks are applied on an individual investor basis. Certain funds we manage have investors with various high water marks, the achievement of which is subject to market conditions and investment performance. 
 Performance fees from certain funds we manage are subject to contingent repayment by the general partner in the event of future losses to the extent that the cumulative performance fees distributed from inception to date exceeds the amount computed as due to the general partner at the final distribution. These general partner obligations, if applicable, are included in due to related parties on the consolidated statements of financial condition. 
 -45- 

Table of Contents 

 The following table summarizes our performance fees since inception for our combined segments through December 31, 2022: 
 Performance Fees Since Inception (1) 
 Undistributed by Fund and Recognized Distributed by Fund and Recognized (2) 
 Total Undistributed and Distributed by Fund and Recognized (3) 
 General Partner Obligation (3) 
 Maximum Performance Fees Subject to Potential Reversal (4) 
 (in millions) AIOF I and II 10.7 58.4 69.1 38.3 ANRP I, II and III 33.5 159.1 192.6 21.5 48.6 EPF Funds 71.4 484.7 556.1 41.4 321.2 FCI Funds 138.1 24.2 162.3 138.1 Fund IX 1,261.8 589.5 1,851.3 1,640.6 Fund VIII 369.2 1,660.8 2,030.0 1,425.0 Fund VII 39.8 3,225.7 3,265.5 14.6 Fund VI 17.7 1,663.9 1,681.6 Fund IV and Fund V 2,053.1 2,053.1 31.4 HVF I 43.8 201.4 245.2 142.5 Real Estate Equity 62.8 75.3 138.1 77.5 Corporate Credit 19.4 926.2 945.6 10.0 Structured Finance and ABS 85.5 52.2 137.7 61.7 Direct Origination 145.5 73.3 218.8 134.2 Other (5) 
 382.9 1,692.6 2,075.5 12.2 563.6 Total 2,682.1 12,940.4 15,622.5 106.5 4,615.9 
 (1) Certain funds are denominated in euros and historical figures are translated into U.S. dollars at an exchange rate of 1.00 to 1.07 as of December 31, 2022. Certain funds are denominated in pounds sterling and historical figures are translated into U.S. dollars at an exchange rate of 1.00 to 1.21 as of December 31, 2022. 
 (2) Amounts in Distributed by Fund and Recognized for the Citi Property Investors CPI ), Gulf Stream Asset Management, LLC Gulf Stream ), Stone Tower Capital LLC and its related companies Stone Tower funds and SIAs are presented for activity subsequent to the respective acquisition dates. Amounts exclude certain performance fees from business development companies and Redding Ridge Holdings LP Redding Ridge Holdings ), an affiliate of Redding Ridge. 
 (3) Amounts were computed based on the fair value of fund investments on December 31, 2022. Performance fees have been allocated to and recognized by the general partner. Based on the amount allocated, a portion is subject to potential reversal or, to the extent applicable, has been reduced by the general partner obligation to return previously distributed performance fees at December 31, 2022. The actual determination and any required payment of any such general partner obligation would not take place until the final disposition of the fund s investments based on contractual termination of the fund. 
 (4) Represents the amount of performance fees that would be reversed if remaining fund investments became worthless on December 31, 2022. Amounts subject to potential reversal of performance fees include amounts undistributed by a fund (i.e., the performance fees receivable), as well as a portion of the amounts that have been distributed by a fund, net of taxes and not subject to a general partner obligation to return previously distributed performance fees, except for those funds that are gross of taxes as defined in the respective funds governing documents. 
 (5) Other includes certain SIAs. 
 Expenses 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 Our most significant expense is compensation and benefits expense. This consists of fixed salary, discretionary and non-discretionary bonuses, profit sharing expense associated with the performance fees earned and compensation expense associated with the vesting of non-cash equity-based awards. 
 Our compensation arrangements with certain employees contain a significant performance-based incentive component. Therefore, as our net revenues increase, our compensation costs rise. Our compensation costs also reflect the increased investment in people as we expand geographically and create new funds. 
 In addition, certain professionals and selected other individuals have a profit sharing interest in the performance fees earned in order to better align their interests with our own and with those of the investors in the funds we manage. Profit sharing expense is part of our compensation and benefits expense and is generally based upon a fixed percentage of performance fees. Certain of our performance-based incentive arrangements provide for compensation based on realized performance fees which includes fees earned by the general partners of the funds we manage under the applicable fund limited partnership agreements based upon transactions that have closed or other rights to incentive income cash that have become fixed in the applicable calendar year period. Profit sharing expense can reverse during periods when there is a decline in performance fees that were previously recognized. Profit sharing amounts are normally distributed to employees after the corresponding investment gains have been 
 -46- 

Table of Contents 

 realized and generally before preferred returns are achieved for the investors. Therefore, changes in our unrealized performance fees have the same effect on our profit sharing expense. Profit sharing expense increases when unrealized performance fees increase. Realizations only impact profit sharing expense to the extent that the effects on investments have not been recognized previously. If losses on other investments within a fund are subsequently realized, the profit sharing amounts previously distributed are normally subject to a general partner obligation to return performance fees previously distributed back to the funds. This general partner obligation due to the funds would be realized only when the fund is liquidated, which generally occurs at the end of the fund s term. However, indemnification obligations also exist for realized gains with respect to Fund IV, Fund V and Fund VI, which, although our Former Managing Partners and Contributing Partners would remain personally liable, may indemnify our Former Managing Partners and Contributing Partners for 17.5 to 100 of the previously distributed profits regardless of the fund s future performance. See note 14 to our consolidated financial statements for further information regarding the Company s indemnification liability. 
 Under AGM s Equity Plan, the Company grants equity awards to certain employees, including RSUs and restricted shares of common stock, that generally vest and become exercisable in quarterly installments or annual installments depending on the award terms. In some instances, vesting of an RSU is also subject to the Company s receipt of performance fees, within prescribed periods, sufficient to cover the associated equity-based compensation expense. See note 12 to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion of equity-based compensation. 
 Other Expenses 
 The balance of our other expenses includes interest, placement fees, and general, administrative and other operating expenses. Interest expense consists primarily of interest related to the 2024 Senior Notes, the 2026 Senior Notes, the 2029 Senior Notes, the 2030 Senior Notes, the 2048 Senior Notes and the 2050 Subordinated Notes as discussed in note 11 to our consolidated financial statements. Placement fees are incurred in connection with our capital raising activities. In cases where the limited partners of the funds are determined to be the customer in an arrangement, placement fees may be capitalized as a cost to acquire a customer contract, and amortized over the life of the customer contract. General, administrative and other expenses includes occupancy expense, depreciation and amortization, professional fees and costs related to travel, information technology and administration. Occupancy expense represents charges related to office leases and associated expenses, such as utilities and maintenance fees. Depreciation and amortization of fixed assets is normally calculated using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives, ranging from two to sixteen years, taking into consideration any residual value. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the useful life of the asset or the expected term of the lease. Intangible assets are amortized based on the future cash flows over the expected useful lives of the assets. 
 Other Income (Loss) 
 Net Gains (Losses) from Investment Activities 
 Net gains (losses) from investment activities include both realized gains and losses and the change in unrealized gains and losses in our investment portfolio between the opening reporting date and the closing reporting date. Net unrealized gains (losses) are a result of changes in the fair value of unrealized investments and reversal of unrealized gains (losses) due to dispositions of investments during the reporting period. Significant judgment and estimation goes into the assumptions that drive these models and the actual values realized with respect to investments could be materially different from values obtained based on the use of those models. The valuation methodologies applied impact the reported value of investment company holdings and their underlying portfolios in our consolidated financial statements. 
 Net Gains (Losses) from Investment Activities of Consolidated Variable Interest Entities 
 Changes in the fair value of the consolidated VIEs assets and liabilities and related interest, dividend and other income and expenses subsequent to consolidation are presented within net gains (losses) from investment activities of consolidated variable interest entities and are attributable to non-controlling interests in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 Other Income (Losses), Net 
 Other income (losses), net includes gains (losses) arising from the remeasurement of foreign currency denominated assets and liabilities, remeasurement of the tax receivable agreement liability and other miscellaneous non-operating income and expenses. 
 Income Taxes 
 Significant judgment is required in determining the provision for income taxes and in evaluating income tax positions, including evaluating uncertainties. We recognize the income tax benefits of uncertain tax positions only where the position is more likely than not to be sustained upon examination, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation, based on the 
 -47- 

Table of Contents 

 technical merits of the positions. The tax benefit is measured as the largest amount of benefit that has a greater than 50 likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. If a tax position is not considered more likely than not to be sustained, then no benefits of the position are recognized. The Company s income tax positions are reviewed and evaluated quarterly to determine whether or not we have uncertain tax positions that require financial statement recognition or de-recognition. 
 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the expected future tax consequences, using currently enacted tax rates, of differences between the carrying amount of assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period when the change is enacted. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. 
 Non-Controlling Interests 
 For entities that are consolidated, but not 100 owned, a portion of the income or loss and corresponding equity is allocated to owners other than Apollo. The aggregate of the income or loss and corresponding equity that is not owned by the Company is included in non-controlling interests in the consolidated financial statements. As of December 31, 2022, the non-controlling interests relate to the 42.6 ownership interest in the Apollo Operating Group held directly by AGM. As of December 31, 2021, non-controlling interests include the 35.9 ownership interest in the Apollo Operating Group held by the Former Managing Partners and Contributing Partners through their limited partner interests in Holdings. Additionally, as of December 31, 2021, Athene held a 6.7 non-controlling interest in the Apollo Operating Group. Non-controlling interests also include limited partner interests in certain consolidated funds and VIEs. 
 -48- 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 Below is a discussion of our consolidated results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. For additional analysis of the factors that affected our results at the segment level, see Segment Analysis below: 
 For the Years Ended December 31, Total Change Percentage Change For the Years Ended December 31, Total Change Percentage Change 2022 2021 2021 2020 (in thousands) (in thousands) Revenues: Management fees 2,280,508 1,920,946 359,562 18.7 1,920,946 1,686,973 233,973 13.9 Advisory and transaction fees, net 443,491 302,379 141,112 46.7 302,379 249,482 52,897 21.2 Investment income 800,134 3,699,209 (2,899,075) (78.4) 3,699,209 392,181 3,307,028 NM Incentive fees 27,223 29,064 (1,841) (6.3) 29,064 25,383 3,681 14.5 Total Revenues 3,551,356 5,951,598 (2,400,242) (40.3) 5,951,598 2,354,019 3,597,579 152.8 Expenses: Compensation and benefits Salary, bonus and benefits 927,088 778,798 148,290 19.0 778,798 628,057 150,741 24.0 Equity-based compensation 484,057 1,180,663 (696,606) (59.0) 1,180,663 213,140 967,523 453.9 Profit sharing expense 532,044 1,533,919 (1,001,875) (65.3) 1,533,919 247,501 1,286,418 NM Total compensation and benefits 1,943,189 3,493,380 (1,550,191) (44.4) 3,493,380 1,088,698 2,404,682 220.9 Interest expense 130,509 139,090 (8,581) (6.2) 139,090 133,239 5,851 4.4 General, administrative and other 648,059 481,760 166,299 34.5 481,760 356,027 125,733 35.3 Total Expenses 2,721,757 4,114,230 (1,392,473) (33.8) 4,114,230 1,577,964 2,536,266 160.7 Other Income: Net gains (losses) from investment activities 934,764 2,610,903 (1,676,139) (64.2) 2,610,903 (455,487) 3,066,390 NM Net gains from investment activities of consolidated variable interest entities 405,089 557,289 (152,200) (27.3) 557,289 197,369 359,920 182.4 Interest income 49,754 4,255 45,499 NM 4,255 14,999 (10,744) (71.6) Other income (loss), net (14,966) (147,541) 132,575 (89.9) (147,541) 20,832 (168,373) NM Total Other Income 1,374,641 3,024,906 (1,650,265) (54.6) 3,024,906 (222,287) 3,247,193 NM Income before income tax provision 2,204,240 4,862,274 (2,658,034) (54.7) 4,862,274 553,768 4,308,506 NM Income tax provision (209,920) (594,379) 384,459 (64.7) (594,379) (86,966) (507,413) NM Net Income 1,994,320 4,267,895 (2,273,575) (53.3) 4,267,895 466,802 3,801,093 NM Net income attributable to non-controlling interests (1,060,453) (2,429,404) 1,368,951 (56.3) (2,429,404) (310,188) (2,119,216) NM Net Income Attributable to Apollo Asset Management, Inc. 933,867 1,838,491 (904,624) (49.2) 1,838,491 156,614 1,681,877 NM Series A Preferred Stock Dividends (17,531) (17,531) (17,531) (17,531) Series B Preferred Stock Dividends (19,125) (19,125) (19,125) (19,125) Net Income Attributable to Apollo Asset Management, Inc. Common Stockholders 897,211 1,801,835 (904,624) (50.2) 1,801,835 119,958 1,681,877 NM 
 Note: NM denotes not meaningful. Changes from negative to positive amounts and positive to negative amounts are not considered meaningful. Increases or decreases from zero and changes greater than 500 are also not considered meaningful. 
 A discussion of our consolidated results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2020 is included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 25, 2022 (the 2021 Annual Report ). 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 In this section, references to 2022 refer to the year ended December 31, 2022 and references to 2021 refer to the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Revenues 
 Revenues were 3.6 billion in 2022, a decrease of 2.4 billion from 6.0 billion in 2021, primarily driven by lower investment income. Investment income decreased 2.9 billion in 2022 to 800.1 million compared to 3.7 billion in 2021. The decrease in investment income of 2.9 billion in 2022 was primarily driven by decreases in performance allocations. 
 Significant drivers for performance allocations in 2021 were performance allocations earned from Fund IX, Fund VIII and Fund VII of 1.2 billion, 650.2 million and 231.8 million, respectively, primarily as a result of fund appreciation and realization activity. Significant drivers for performance allocations in 2022 were performance allocations primarily earned from Fund IX of 710.6 million, partially offset by performance allocation losses from Fund VIII of 349.5 million, as a result of continued equity market volatility in 2022. 
 -49- 

Table of Contents 

 See below for details on the respective funds performance allocations in 2022. 
 The performance allocations earned from Fund IX in 2022 were primarily driven by appreciation and realization of the fund s investments in the consumer services, leisure and media, telecom and technology sectors. 
 The performance allocation losses from Fund VIII in 2022 were primarily driven by depreciation in the value of the fund s investments in the consumer services, leisure and media, telecom and technology sectors. 
 The decrease in investment income was offset, in part, by increases in management fees and advisory and transaction fees of 359.6 million and 141.1 million, respectively, in 2022. Management fees increased by 359.6 million to 2.3 billion in 2022 from 1.9 billion in 2021 due to increases in management fees earned from Athene of 179.1 million and Apollo Diversified Real Estate Fund and Apollo Diversified Credit Fund (collectively ADREF and ADCF of 66.2 million as a result of higher Fee-Generating AUM and the management fee contribution from the Griffin Capital U.S. asset management business acquisition, respectively. Advisory and transaction fees increased by 141.1 million to 443.5 million in 2022 from 302.4 million in 2021. Advisory and transaction fees earned during 2022 were primarily attributable to advisory and transaction fees earned from companies in the consumer services, financial services, healthcare, energy, leisure, manufacturing and consumer and retail sectors, as well as structuring fees earned from companies in the financial services, entertainment and real estate sectors. 
 Expenses 
 Expenses were 2.7 billion in 2022, a decrease of 1.4 billion from 4.1 billion in 2021 due to a decrease in profit sharing expense of 1.0 billion, resulting from the corresponding lower investment income during 2022. In any period, the blended profit sharing percentage is impacted by the respective profit sharing ratios of the funds generating performance allocations in the period. Additionally, there was a decrease in equity-based compensation of 696.6 million as there were one-time equity-based awards granted in connection with the Company s compensation reset in 2021. This decrease was partially offset by an increase in salary, bonus and benefits of 148.3 million due to accelerated headcount growth in 2022, including for certain senior level roles, as the Company strategically invests in talent that will seek to capture its next phase of growth. Equity-based compensation expense in 2022 is comprised of: i) performance grants which are tied to the Company s receipt of performance fees, within prescribed periods and are typically recognized on an accelerated recognition method over the requisite service period to the extent the performance revenue metrics are met or deemed probable, and ii) the impact of 2021 one-time grants awarded to the Co-Presidents, which vest on a cliff basis subject to continued employment over five years and AGM s achievement of FRE and Spread Related Earnings SRE per share metrics. 
 General, administrative and other expenses were 648.1 million in 2022, an increase of 166.3 million from 481.8 million in 2021. The increase in 2022 was primarily driven by increases in the depreciation and amortization expense associated with the Company s commitment asset and other depreciable assets, higher travel and entertainment expenses and the absorption of occupancy expense to support the Company s increased headcount, including from the acquisition of Griffin Capital s U.S. asset management business. 
 Other Income 
 Other Income was 1.4 billion in 2022, a decrease of 1.7 billion from 3.0 billion in 2021. This decrease was primarily driven by a decrease in net gains (losses) from investment activities, as a result of the Company no longer holding an interest in Athene Holding following the Mergers. Other Income in 2022 was primarily attributable to a gain from one of the Company s balance sheet investments and income earned as a result of APSG I s deconsolidation event. Other Income in 2021 was primarily due to net gains from investment activities from the Company s investment in Athene Holding. 
 Income Tax Provision 
 The income tax provision totaled 209.9 million and 594.4 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. The change was primarily related to the decrease in pre-tax income, additional tax benefits recognized for deductible equity-based compensation, and non-recurring tax benefits from the Mergers. The provision for income taxes includes U.S. federal, state, local and foreign income taxes resulting in an effective income tax rate of 9.5 and 12.2 for 2022 and 2021, respectively. The most significant reconciling items between the U.S. federal statutory income tax rate and the effective income tax rate were due to the following: (i) income passed through to non-controlling interests, (ii) foreign, state and local income taxes, including NYC UBT, and (iii) equity-based compensation net of the limiting provisions for executive compensation under IRC Section 162(m) (see note 10 to the consolidated financial statements for further details regarding the Company s income tax provision). 
 -50- 

Table of Contents 

 Managing Business Performance 
 We believe that the presentation of Adjusted Segment Income supplements a reader s understanding of the economic operating performance of our segments. 
 Adjusted Segment Income 
 Adjusted Segment Income is the key performance measure used by management in evaluating the performance of Apollo s asset management and principal investing segments. See note 16 to the consolidated financial statements for more details regarding the components of Adjusted Segment Income. 
 We believe that Adjusted Segment Income is helpful for an understanding of our business and that investors should review the same supplemental financial measure that management uses to analyze our segment performance. This measure supplements and should be considered in addition to and not in lieu of the results of operations discussed below in Overview of Results of Operations that have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. See note 16 to the consolidated financial statements for more details regarding management s consideration of segment earnings. 
 Fee Related Earnings and Principal Investing Income 
 FRE is a component of Adjusted Segment Income and represents the performance measure used to assess the performance of the asset management segment. 
 PII is a component of Adjusted Segment Income and represents the performance measure used to assess the performance of the principal investing segment. 
 See note 16 to the consolidated financial statements for more details regarding the components of FRE and PII. 
 We use Adjusted Segment Income, FRE and PII as measures of operating performance, not as measures of liquidity. These measures should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for net income or other income data prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The use of these measures without consideration of their related U.S. GAAP measures is not adequate due to the adjustments described above. 
 
 Segment Analysis 
 Discussed below are our results of operations for each of our reportable segments. They represent the segment information available and utilized by management to assess performance and to allocate resources. See note 16 to our consolidated financial statements for more information regarding our segment reporting. 
 Our financial results vary, since performance fees, which generally constitute a large portion of the income from the funds that we manage, as well as the capital solutions and other fees that we receive, can vary significantly from quarter to quarter and year to year. As a result, we emphasize long-term financial growth and profitability to manage our business. 
 Asset Management 
 The following table presents Fee Related Earnings, the performance measure of our asset management segment. 
 Years Ended December 31, Total Change Percentage Change Years Ended December 31, Total Change Percentage Change 2022 2021 2021 2020 (in thousands) (in thousands) Asset Management: Management fees - Yield 1,415,945 1,172,021 243,924 20.8 1,172,021 957,269 214,752 22.4 Management fees - Hybrid 211,325 184,768 26,557 14.4 184,768 137,152 47,616 34.7 Management fees - Equity 507,227 521,421 (14,194) (2.7) 521,421 553,543 (32,122) (5.8) Management fees 2,134,497 1,878,210 256,287 13.6 1,878,210 1,647,964 230,246 14.0 Capital solutions fees and other, net 413,524 298,108 115,416 38.7 298,108 251,520 46,588 18.5 Fee-related performance fees 71,483 56,865 14,618 25.7 56,865 9,836 47,029 478.1 Fee-related compensation (753,481) (653,321) (100,160) 15.3 (653,321) (532,556) (120,765) 22.7 Other operating expenses (454,933) (313,146) (141,787) 45.3 (313,146) (275,066) (38,080) 13.8 Fee Related Earnings (FRE) 1,411,090 1,266,716 144,374 11.4 1,266,716 1,101,698 165,018 15.0 
 -51- 

Table of Contents 

 In this section, references to 2022 refer to the year ended December 31, 2022, references to 2021 refer to the year ended December 31, 2021 and references to 2020 refer to the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 FRE was 1.4 billion in 2022, an increase of 144.4 million compared to 1.3 billion in 2021. This increase was primarily attributable to the continued growth in management fees and record capital solutions fees and other, net. The increase in management fees was primarily attributable to management fees earned from Athene of 171.7 million and ADREF and ADCF of 66.2 million, as a result of higher fee-generating AUM and the management fee contribution from the Griffin Capital U.S. asset management business acquisition, respectively. Capital solutions fees earned in 2022 were primarily attributable to fees earned from companies in the consumer services, financial services, healthcare, energy, leisure, manufacturing, consumer and retail, business services, entertainment and real estate sectors. The growth in revenues was offset, in part, by increases in fee-related compensation expense associated with the re-basing of cost structure to support the Company s next phase of growth, as well as costs associated with Griffin Capital s U.S. asset management business. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 FRE was 1.3 billion in 2021, an increase of 165.0 million compared to 1.1 billion in 2020. This increase was primarily attributable to the growth in management fees of 230.2 million in 2022. The increase in management fees was primarily attributable to management fees earned from Athene and Athora of 160.4 million and 48.7 million, respectively. The growth in revenues was offset, in part, by higher fee-related compensation expense due to an increase in headcount and increases in depreciation and amortization expenses, occupancy costs and recruiting fees, as we continued to expand our global team in 2021. 
 
 Asset Management Operating Metrics 
 We monitor certain operating metrics that are common to the alternative asset management industry and directly impact the performance of our asset management segment. These operating metrics include Assets Under Management, gross capital deployment and uncalled commitments. 
 Assets Under Management 
 The following presents Apollo s Total AUM and Fee-Generating AUM by investing strategy (in billions): 
 
 Note: Totals may not add due to rounding 
 
 -52- 

Table of Contents 

 The following presents Apollo s AUM with Future Management Fee Potential by investing strategy (in billions): 
 
 Note: Totals may not add due to rounding 
 The following tables present the components of Performance Fee-Eligible AUM for each of Apollo s three investing strategies within the asset management segment: 
 As of December 31, 2022 Yield (1) 
 Hybrid Equity Total (in millions) Performance Fee-Generating AUM (1) 
 40,169 12,177 42,126 94,472 AUM Not Currently Generating Performance Fees 15,912 17,777 3,166 36,855 Uninvested Performance Fee-Eligible AUM 4,628 12,839 30,836 48,303 Total Performance Fee-Eligible AUM 60,709 42,793 76,128 179,630 
 As of December 31, 2021 Yield (1) 
 Hybrid Equity Total (in millions) Performance Fee-Generating AUM (1) 
 37,756 17,663 37,447 92,866 AUM Not Currently Generating Performance Fees 2,355 4,971 3,614 10,940 Uninvested Performance Fee-Eligible AUM 2,644 16,478 21,075 40,197 Total Performance Fee-Eligible AUM 42,755 39,112 62,136 144,003 (1) Performance Fee-Generating AUM of 3.9 billion and 5.2 billion as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, are above the hurdle rates or preferred returns and have been deferred to future periods when the fees are probable to not be significantly reversed. 
 
 -53- 

Table of Contents 

 The components of Fee-Generating AUM by investing strategy are presented below: 
 As of December 31, 2022 Yield Hybrid Equity Total (in millions) Fee-Generating AUM based on capital commitments 2,531 19,434 21,965 Fee-Generating AUM based on invested capital 3,381 9,528 26,695 39,604 Fee-Generating AUM based on gross/adjusted assets 293,240 4,827 593 298,660 Fee-Generating AUM based on NAV 42,200 9,227 431 51,858 Total Fee-Generating AUM 338,821 26,113 47,153 (1) 
 412,087 (1) The weighted average remaining life of the traditional private equity funds as of December 31, 2022 was 76 months. 
 
 As of December 31, 2021 Yield Hybrid Equity Total (in millions) Fee-Generating AUM based on capital commitments 3,580 27,277 30,857 Fee-Generating AUM based on invested capital 2,321 6,826 12,075 21,222 Fee-Generating AUM based on gross/adjusted assets 273,695 4,293 406 278,394 Fee-Generating AUM based on NAV 31,290 7,146 192 38,628 Total Fee-Generating AUM 307,306 21,845 39,950 (1) 
 369,101 (1) The weighted average remaining life of the traditional private equity funds as of December 31, 2021 was 64 months. 
 
 Apollo, through its consolidated subsidiary, ISG, provides asset management services to Athene with respect to assets in the Athene Accounts, including asset allocation services, direct asset management services, asset and liability matching management, mergers and acquisitions, asset diligence, hedging and other asset management services and receives management fees for providing these services. Apollo, through ISG, also provides sub-allocation services with respect to a portion of the assets in the Athene Accounts. See note 14 to the consolidated financial statements for more details regarding the fee rates of the investment management and sub-allocation fee arrangements with respect to the assets in the Athene Accounts. Apollo managed or advised 236.0 billion and 212.6 billion of AUM on behalf of Athene as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 Apollo, through ISGI, provides investment advisory services with respect to certain assets in certain portfolio companies of Apollo funds and sub-advises the Athora Accounts and broadly refers to Athora Sub-Advised assets as those assets in the Athora Accounts which the Company explicitly sub-advises as well as those assets in the Athora Accounts which are invested directly in funds and investment vehicles Apollo manages. The Company refers to the portion of the Athora AUM that is not Athora Sub-Advised AUM as Athora Non-Sub Advised AUM. See note 14 to the consolidated financial statements for more details regarding the fee arrangements with respect to the assets in the Athora Accounts. Apollo managed or advised 52.6 billion and 59.0 billion of AUM on behalf of Athora as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 -54- 

Table of Contents 

 The following tables summarize changes in total AUM for each of Apollo s three investing strategies: 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Yield Hybrid Equity Total Yield Hybrid Equity Total (in millions) Change in Total AUM (1) : 
 Beginning of Period 360,289 52,772 84,491 497,552 332,880 42,317 80,289 455,486 Inflows 93,676 10,982 23,617 128,275 55,537 12,599 7,347 75,483 Outflows (2) 
 (38,132) (1,487) (859) (40,478) (22,470) (759) (1,664) (24,893) Net Flows 55,544 9,495 22,758 87,797 33,067 11,840 5,683 50,590 Realizations (8,625) (6,554) (11,447) (26,626) (2,911) (5,004) (17,811) (25,726) Market Activity (3) 
 (14,742) 697 2,969 (11,076) (2,747) 3,619 16,330 17,202 End of Period 392,466 56,410 98,771 547,647 360,289 52,772 84,491 497,552 (1) At the individual strategy level, inflows include new subscriptions, commitments, capital raised, other increases in available capital, purchases, acquisitions and portfolio company appreciation. Outflows represent redemptions, other decreases in available capital and portfolio company depreciation. Realizations represent fund distributions of realized proceeds. Market activity represents gains (losses), the impact of foreign exchange rate fluctuations and other income. 
 (2) Outflows for Total AUM include redemptions of 4.4 billion and 2.7 billion during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (3) Includes foreign exchange impacts of (6.2) billion and (5.8) billion during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 The following tables summarize changes in Fee-Generating AUM for each of Apollo s three investing strategies: 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Yield Hybrid Equity Total Yield Hybrid Equity Total (in millions) Change in Fee-Generating AUM (1) : 
 Beginning of Period 307,306 21,845 39,950 369,101 285,830 17,622 45,222 348,674 Inflows 81,797 9,497 19,757 111,051 49,767 7,575 2,282 59,624 Outflows (2) 
 (36,564) (3,563) (10,215) (50,342) (23,936) (3,414) (3,303) (30,653) Net Flows 45,233 5,934 9,542 60,709 25,831 4,161 (1,021) 28,971 Realizations (1,300) (1,869) (2,211) (5,380) (1,958) (948) (3,967) (6,873) Market Activity (3) 
 (12,418) 203 (128) (12,343) (2,397) 1,010 (284) (1,671) End of Period 338,821 26,113 47,153 412,087 307,306 21,845 39,950 369,101 (1) At the individual strategy level, inflows include new subscriptions, commitments, capital raised, other increases in available capital, purchases, acquisitions and portfolio company appreciation. Outflows represent redemptions, other decreases in available capital and portfolio company depreciation. Realizations represent fund distributions of realized proceeds. Market activity represents gains (losses), the impact of foreign exchange rate fluctuations and other income. 
 (2) Outflows for Fee-Generating AUM include redemptions of 3.5 billion and 2.5 billion during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (3) Includes foreign exchange impacts of (4.4) billion and (4.9) billion during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Gross Capital Deployment and Uncalled Commitments 
 Gross capital deployment represents the gross capital that has been invested in investments by the funds and accounts we manage during the relevant period, but excludes certain investment activities primarily related to hedging and cash management functions at the firm. Gross capital deployment is not reduced or netted down by sales or refinancings, and takes into account leverage used by the funds and accounts we manage in gaining exposure to the various investments that they have made. 
 Uncalled commitments, by contrast, represent unfunded capital commitments that certain of Apollo s funds have received from fund investors to fund future or current fund investments and expenses. 
 Gross capital deployment and uncalled commitments are indicative of the pace and magnitude of fund capital that is deployed or will be deployed, and which therefore could result in future revenues that include management fees, transaction fees and performance fees to the extent they are fee-generating. Gross capital deployment and uncalled commitments can also give rise to future costs that are related to the hiring of additional resources to manage and account for the additional capital that is deployed or will be deployed. Management uses gross capital deployment and uncalled commitments as key operating metrics since we believe the results are measures of investment activities of the funds we manage. 
 -55- 

Table of Contents 

 The following presents gross capital deployment and uncalled commitments (in billions): 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, Apollo had 51.2 billion and 47.2 billion of dry powder, respectively, which represents the amount of capital available for investment or reinvestment subject to the provisions of the applicable governing agreements of the funds, partnerships and accounts we manage. These amounts exclude uncalled commitments which can only be called for fund fees and expenses, and commitments from perpetual capital vehicles. 
 
 Principal Investing 
 The following table presents Principal Investing Income, the performance measure of our principal investing segment. 
 Years Ended December 31, Total Change Percentage Change Years Ended December 31, Total Change Percentage Change 2022 2021 2021 2020 (in thousands) (in thousands) Principal Investing: Realized performance fees 595,260 1,589,074 (993,814) (62.5) 1,589,074 280,923 1,308,151 465.7 Realized investment income 543,139 437,256 105,883 24.2 437,256 29,290 407,966 NM Principal investing compensation (580,812) (876,442) 295,630 (33.7) (876,442) (222,438) (654,004) 294.0 Other operating expenses (25,190) (42,347) 17,157 (40.5) (42,347) (52,645) 10,298 (19.6) Principal Investing Income (PII) 532,397 1,107,541 (575,144) (51.9) 1,107,541 35,130 1,072,411 NM 
 As described in Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations General , earnings from our principal investing segment are inherently more volatile in nature than earnings from our asset management segment due to the intrinsic cyclical nature of performance fees, one of the key drivers of PII performance. 
 In this section, references to 2022 refer to the year ended December 31, 2022, references to 2021 refer to the year ended December 31, 2021 and references to 2020 refer to the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 PII was 532.4 million in 2022, a decrease of 575.1 million, as compared to 1.1 billion in 2021. This decrease was primarily attributable to reduced realized performance fees as market volatility delayed monetization activity in 2022, offset, in part, by a corresponding decrease in principal investing compensation and an increase in realized investment income. In any period, the blended profit sharing percentage is impacted by the respective profit sharing ratios of the funds generating performance allocations in the period. Additionally, included in principal investing compensation are expenses related to the Incentive Pool, a compensation program through which certain employees are allocated discretionary compensation based on realized performance fees in a given year. The Incentive Pool is separate from the fund related profit sharing expense and may result in 
 -56- 

Table of Contents 

 greater variability in compensation and have a variable impact on the blended profit sharing percentage during a particular period. Realized investment income in 2022 was primarily attributable to dividends earned from one of our balance sheet investments, realized gains on the transfer of certain of Apollo s general partner fund co-investments transferred to Athene that were subsequently transferred to AAA and realized gains from the transfer of the Company s investment in Redding Ridge to AAA. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 PII was 1.1 billion in 2021, an increase of 1.1 billion, as compared to 35.1 million in 2020. This increase was primarily attributable to increases in realized performance fees and realized investment income, partially offset by an increase in principal investing compensation. Realized performance fees increased to 1.6 billion in 2021 from 280.9 million in 2020 driven by an increase in performance fees generated from Fund VIII and Fund IX of 700.2 million and 400.9 million, respectively. In 2020, the COVID-19 pandemic and the actions taken in response caused severe disruption to the global economy and financial markets. In line with public equity and credit indices, the Company experienced significant unrealized mark-to-market losses in underlying funds which significantly delayed monetization activity. The increase in realized investment income in 2021 was primarily attributable to an increase in realizations from the sale of a platform investment to certain funds we manage and Athora and an increase in realizations from Apollo s equity ownership in Fund VIII. Principal investing compensation increased as a result of a corresponding increase in realized performance fees as described above. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Overview 
 Apollo s business model primarily derives revenues and cash flows from the assets it manages. Based on management s experience, we believe that the Company s current liquidity position, together with the cash generated from revenues will be sufficient to meet the Company s anticipated expenses and other working capital needs for at least the next 12 months. Apollo targets operating expense levels such that fee income exceeds total operating expenses each period. The Company requires limited capital resources to support the working capital or operating needs of the business. For Apollo s longer-term liquidity needs, we expect to continue to fund the Company s operations through management fees and performance fees received. Liquidity needs are also met (to a limited extent) through proceeds from borrowings and equity issuances as described in notes 11 and 13 to the consolidated financial statements, respectively. From time to time, if the Company determines that market conditions are favorable after taking into account our liquidity requirements, we may seek to raise proceeds through the issuance of additional debt or equity instruments. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 1.2 billion of unrestricted cash and cash equivalents and 708.8 million of U.S. Treasury Securities as well as 1.0 billion of available funds from the 2022 AMH credit facility. 
 Primary Sources and Uses of Cash 
 Over the next 12 months, we expect the Company s primary liquidity needs will be to: 
 pay the Company s operating expenses, including, compensation, general, administrative and other expense; 
 pay interest and principal on the Company s financing arrangements; 
 pay cash dividends; 
 make payments under the tax receivable agreement; 
 pay taxes and tax related payments; 
 make payments related to the mandatory exchange; and 
 support the future growth of Apollo s businesses through strategic corporate investments. 
 Over the long term, we believe we will be able to grow Apollo s Assets Under Management and generate positive investment performance in the funds we manage, which we expect will allow us to grow the Company s management fees and performance fees in amounts sufficient to cover our long-term liquidity requirements, which may include: 
 supporting the future growth of Apollo s businesses; 
 creating new or enhancing existing products and investment platforms; 
 -57- 

Table of Contents 

 pursuing new strategic corporate investment opportunities; 
 paying interest on and repaying outstanding short-term and long-term borrowings; 
 paying cash dividends; 
 making payments under the tax receivable agreement; and 
 making payments related to the mandatory exchange. 
 Cash Flow Analysis 
 The section below discusses in more detail the Company s primary sources and uses of cash and the primary drivers of cash flows within the Company s consolidated statements of cash flows: 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands) Operating Activities (2,825,618) 1,064,046 (1,616,430) Investing Activities 498,474 (1,551,675) (837,659) Financing Activities 2,597,252 109,432 3,299,310 Net Increase (Decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents, Restricted Cash and Cash Equivalents, and Cash and Cash Equivalents Held at Consolidated Variable Interest Entities 270,108 (378,197) 845,221 
 The assets of our consolidated funds and VIEs (including SPACs), on a gross basis, can be substantially larger than the assets of our core business and, accordingly, could have a substantial effect on the accompanying statement of cash flows. Because our consolidated funds and VIEs are generally treated as investment companies for accounting purposes, their investing cash flow amounts are included in our cash flows from operations. The table below summarizes our consolidated statements of cash flow by activity attributable to the Company and to our consolidated funds and VIEs. 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands) Net cash provided by the Company's operating activities 1,463,377 2,164,750 887,130 Net cash used in the Consolidated Funds and VIEs operating activities (4,288,995) (1,100,704) (2,503,560) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities (2,825,618) 1,064,046 (1,616,430) Net cash used in the Company's investing activities (665,803) (1,228,772) (67,837) Net cash provided by (used in) the Consolidated Funds and VIEs investing activities 1,164,277 (322,903) (769,822) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 498,474 (1,551,675) (837,659) Net cash used in the Consolidated Funds and VIEs financing activities (528,281) (1,575,877) (822,309) Net cash provided by the Consolidated Funds and VIEs financing activities 3,125,533 1,685,309 4,121,619 Net cash provided by financing activities 2,597,252 109,432 3,299,310 
 Operating Activities 
 The Company s operating activities support its asset management activities and underlying investment strategies. The primary sources of cash within the operating activities section include: (a) management fees, (b) advisory and transaction fees, (c) realized performance revenues, (d) due from related parties and (e) realized principal investment income. The primary uses of cash within the operating activities section include: (a) compensation and non-compensation related expenses, (b) interest and taxes, and (c) due to related parties. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, cash used in operating activities reflects operating activities of our consolidated funds and VIEs, which primarily includes cash outflows for purchases of investments as well as cash outflows for reverse repurchase agreements. Cash provided by the Company s operating activities includes cash inflows from the receipt of management fees, advisory and transaction fees, realized performance revenues, and realized principal investment income, offset by cash outflows for compensation, general, administrative, and other expenses. 
 -58- 

Table of Contents 

 During the year ended December 31, 2021, cash provided by operating activities primarily includes cash inflows from the receipt of management fees, advisory and transaction fees, realized performance revenues, and realized principal investment income, offset by cash outflows for compensation, general, administrative, other expenses and activities of our consolidated funds and VIEs. Net cash used in operating activities also reflects operating activities of our consolidated funds and VIEs, which includes cash outflows for purchases of investments, offset by cash inflows from consolidated funds. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2020, cash used by operating activities primarily reflects the operating activities of our consolidated funds and VIEs, which includes cash outflows for purchases of investments, offset by cash inflows from consolidated funds. Net cash used in operating activities also reflects cash outflows for compensation, general, administrative, and other expenses, offset by cash inflows from the receipt of management fees, advisory and transaction fees, realized performance revenues, and realized principal investment income. 
 Investing Activities 
 The Company s investing activities support the growth of its business. The primary sources of cash within the investing activities section include proceeds from maturities in U.S. Treasury securities. The primary uses of cash within the investing activities section include: (a) capital expenditures, (b) investment purchases, including purchases of U.S. Treasury securities, and (c) issuances of related party loans. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, cash provided by investing activities primarily reflects net inflows from the sale of U.S. Treasury securities offset, partially, by net cash outflows for the purchase of investments and net cash contributions to our principal investments. Net cash provided by investing activities also reflects the investing activities of our consolidated funds and VIEs, which primarily includes net proceeds from maturities of U.S. Treasury securities. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, cash used in investing activities primarily reflects purchases of investments in Motive Partners and Challenger Ltd., net purchases of U.S. Treasury securities, and net contributions to equity method investments. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2020, cash used in investing activities primarily reflects purchases of U.S. Treasury securities and other investments and net contributions to equity method investments, partially offset by proceeds from maturities of U.S. Treasury securities. 
 Financing Activities 
 The Company s financing activities reflect its capital market transactions and transactions with owners. The primary uses of cash within the financing activities section include: (a) dividends, (b) issuances of warrants, (c) share repurchases, (d) cash paid to settle tax withholding obligations in connection with net share settlements of equity-based awards, (e) repayments of debt and (f) issuances of debt. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash provided by financing activities reflects the financing activity of our consolidated funds and VIEs, which primarily includes cash inflows from the issuance of debt, including repurchase agreements, offset by repayments of debt, and the net proceeds from related party loans, offset by dividends paid. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, cash provided by financing activities primarily reflects the financing activities of our consolidated funds and VIEs, which primarily includes cash inflows from the issuance of debt, net contributions from Non-Controlling Interest in consolidated entities, proceeds from issuance of securities of SPACs, partially offset by payment of underwriting discounts and cash outflows for the principal repayment of debt. Net cash used in financing activities also reflects dividends to Class A shareholders, distributions to Non-Controlling interest holders, and repurchases of Class A shares. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2020, cash provided by financing activities primarily reflects the financing activity of our consolidated funds and VIEs, which primarily includes cash inflows from the issuance of debt, net contributions from Non-Controlling interest in consolidated entities, contributions from redeemable Non-Controlling interests, offset by cash outflows for the principal repayment of debt. Net cash provided by financing activities also reflects proceeds from the issuance of the 2030 Senior Notes, partially offset by dividends to Class A shareholders, distributions to Non-Controlling interest holders, and repurchases of Class A shares. 
 -59- 

Table of Contents 

 Future Debt Obligations 
 The Company had long-term debt of 2.8 billion at December 31, 2022, which includes notes with maturities in 2024, 2026, 2029, 2030, 2048 and 2050. See note 11 to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding the Company s debt arrangements. 
 Contractual Obligations, Commitments and Contingencies 
 For a summary and a description of the nature of the Company s commitments, contingencies and contractual obligations, see note 15 to the consolidated financial statements and Contractual Obligations, Commitments and Contingencies. The Company s commitments are primarily fulfilled through cash flows from operations and (to a limited extent) through borrowings and equity issuances as described in notes 11 and 13 to the consolidated financial statements, respectively. 
 Consolidated Funds and VIEs 
 The Company manages its liquidity needs by evaluating unconsolidated cash flows; however, the Company s consolidated financial statements reflect the financial position of Apollo as well as Apollo s consolidated funds and VIEs (including SPACs). The primary sources and uses of cash at Apollo s consolidated funds and VIEs include: (a) raising capital from their investors, which have been reflected historically as non-controlling interests of the consolidated subsidiaries in our consolidated financial statements, (b) using capital to make investments, (c) generating cash flows from operations through distributions, interest and the realization of investments, (d) distributing cash flow to investors, (e) issuing debt to finance investments (CLOs), (f) entering into repurchase and reverse repurchase agreements and (g) raising capital through SPAC vehicles for future acquisition of targeted entities. 
 Other Liquidity and Capital Resource Considerations 
 Future Cash Flows 
 Our ability to execute our business strategy, particularly our ability to increase our AUM, depends on our ability to establish new funds and to raise additional investor capital within such funds. Our liquidity will depend on a number of factors, such as our ability to project our financial performance, which is highly dependent on the funds we manage and our ability to manage our projected costs, fund performance, access to credit facilities, compliance with existing credit agreements, as well as industry and market trends. Additionally, during economic downturns, the funds we manage may experience cash flow issues or liquidate entirely. In these situations, the Company may be asked to reduce or eliminate the management fee and performance fees we charge, which could adversely impact our cash flow in the future. 
 An increase in the fair value of the investments of the funds we manage, by contrast, could favorably impact our liquidity through higher management fees where the management fees are calculated based on the net asset value, gross assets or adjusted assets. Additionally, higher performance fees not yet realized would generally result when investments appreciate over their cost basis which would not have an impact on the Company s cash flow until realized. 
 Consideration of Financing Arrangements 
 As noted above, in limited circumstances, the Company may issue debt or equity to supplement its liquidity. The decision to enter into a particular financing arrangement is made after careful consideration of various factors, including the Company s cash flows from operations, future cash needs, current sources of liquidity, demand for the Company s debt or equity, and prevailing interest rates. 
 Revolver Facility 
 
 Under the 2022 AMH credit facility, AMH may borrow in an aggregate amount not to exceed 1.0 billion and may incur incremental facilities in an aggregate amount not to exceed 250 million plus additional amounts so long as AMH is in compliance with a net leverage ratio not to exceed 4.00 to 1.00. Borrowings under the 2022 AMH credit facility may be used for working capital and general corporate purposes, including without limitation, permitted acquisitions. The 2022 AMH credit facility has a final maturity date of October 12, 2027. See note 11 to the consolidated financial statements for details regarding the 2022 AMH credit facility refinancing, which occurred during the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 Dividends 
 Although the Company currently expects to pay dividends on our Preferred shares and common stock, we may not pay dividends if, among other things, we do not have the cash necessary to pay the dividends. To the extent we do not have cash on hand sufficient to pay dividends, we may have to borrow funds to pay dividends, or we may determine not to pay dividends. 
 -60- 

Table of Contents 

 Our ability to pay dividends on our Preferred shares and our common stock will depend on our ability to satisfy applicable law with respect to payment of such dividends and receive distributions from our subsidiaries, who must also satisfy applicable law prior to distributing any funds to us. The declaration, payment and determination of the amount of our dividends are at the sole discretion of our board of directors. 
 Dividends on common stock 
 All of the Company s common stock is held by its parent company AGM. We have paid 796.8 million in common stock dividends to AGM for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Dividends on Preferred shares 
 On February 9, 2023, the Company declared a cash dividend of 0.398438 per Series A Preferred share and Series B Preferred share which will be paid on March 15, 2023 to holders of record at the close of business on March 1, 2023. 
 Tax Receivable Agreement 
 The tax receivable agreement provides for the payment to the Former Managing Partners and Contributing Partners of 85 of the amount of cash savings, if any, in U.S. federal, state, local and foreign income taxes that AGM and its subsidiaries realizes subject to the agreement. For more information regarding the tax receivable agreement, see note 14 to the consolidated financial statements. 
 AOG Unit Payment 
 On December 31, 2021, holders of AOG Units (other than Athene and the Company) sold and transferred a portion of such AOG Units to APO Corp., a consolidated subsidiary of the Company, in exchange for an amount equal to 3.66 multiplied by the total number of AOG Units held by such holders immediately prior to such transaction (such payment, the AOG Unit Payment ). The remainder of the AOG Units held by such holders were exchanged for shares of HoldCo common stock concurrently with the consummation of the Mergers on January 1, 2022. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding AOG Unit Payment amount was 350.5 million, payable in equal installments through December 31, 2024. See note 14 for more information. 
 Athora 
 Athora is a strategic liabilities platform that acquires and reinsures traditional closed life insurance policies and provides capital and reinsurance solutions to insurers in Europe. In 2017, Apollo made a 125 million commitment to Athora, which was fully drawn as of April 2020. Apollo committed an incremental 58 million in 2020 to purchase new equity interests. Additionally, in 2021, Apollo acquired approximately 21.9 million of new equity interests in Athora. 
 In December 2021, Apollo committed an additional 250 million to purchase new equity interests to support Athora s ongoing growth initiatives, of which 180 million was drawn as of December 31, 2022. 
 The Company and Athene are minority investors in Athora with a long-term strategic relationship. Through its share ownership, Apollo has approximately 19.9 of the total voting power in Athora, and Athene holds shares in Athora representing 10 of the total voting power in Athora. In addition, Athora shares held by funds and other accounts managed by Apollo represent, in the aggregate, approximately 15.1 of the total voting power in Athora. 
 For more information regarding unfunded general partner commitments, see Contractual Obligations, Commitments and Contingencies. 
 Fund Escrow 
 As of December 31, 2022, the remaining investments and escrow cash of Fund VII was valued at 112 of the fund s unreturned capital which was below the required escrow ratio of 115 . As a result, the fund is required to place in escrow current and future performance fee distributions to the general partner until the specified return ratio of 115 is met (at the time of a future distribution) or upon liquidation. Realized performance fees currently distributed to the general partner are limited to potential tax distributions and interest on escrow balances per the fund s partnership agreement. 
 Clawback 
 Performance fees from certain of the funds we manage are subject to contingent repayment by the general partner in the event of future losses to the extent that the cumulative performance fees distributed from inception to date exceeds the amount 
 -61- 

Table of Contents 

 computed as due to the general partner at the final distribution. See Overview of Results of Operations Performance Fees for the maximum performance fees subject to potential reversal by each fund. 
 Indemnification Liability 
 The Company recorded an indemnification liability in the event that the Former Managing Partners, Contributing Partners and certain investment professionals are required to pay amounts in connection with a general partner obligation to return previously distributed performance fees. See note 14 to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding the Company s indemnification liability. 
 Investment Management Agreements - ISG 
 The Company provides asset management and advisory services to Athene as described in note 14 to the consolidated financial statements. 
 The base management fee covers a range of investment services that Athene receives from the Company, including investment management, asset allocation, mergers and acquisition asset diligence and certain operational support services such as investment compliance, tax, legal and risk management support, among others. The Company s fee agreement with Athene provides for a possible payment by the Company to Athene, or a possible payment by Athene to the Company, equal to 0.00625 of the Incremental Value as of the end of each quarter, depending upon the percentage of Athene s investments that consist of core assets and core plus assets. In furtherance of yield support for Athene, if more than 60 of Athene s invested assets which are subject to the sub-allocation fees are invested in core and core plus assets, Athene will receive a 0.00625 fee reduction on the Incremental Value. As an incentive for differentiated asset management, if less than 50 of Athene s invested assets which are subject to the sub-allocation fee are invested in core and core plus assets, thereby reflecting a higher allocation toward assets with the highest alpha-generating abilities, Athene will pay an additional fee of 0.00625 on Incremental Value. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates and Policies 
 This Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is based upon the consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP requires the use of estimates and assumptions that could affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses. Actual results could differ from these estimates. A summary of our significant accounting policies is presented in note 2 to our consolidated financial statements. The following is a summary of our accounting policies that are affected most by judgments, estimates and assumptions. 
 Consolidation 
 The Company assesses all entities with which it is involved for consolidation on a case by case basis depending on the specific facts and circumstances surrounding each entity. 
 The assessment of whether an entity is a VIE and the determination of whether Apollo should consolidate such VIE requires judgment by our management. Those judgments include, but are not limited to: (i) determining whether the total equity investment at risk is sufficient to permit the entity to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial support, (ii) evaluating whether the holders of equity investment at risk, as a group, can make decisions that have a significant effect on the success of the entity, (iii) determining whether the equity investors have proportionate voting rights to their obligations to absorb losses or rights to receive the expected residual returns from an entity and (iv) evaluating the nature of the relationship and activities of those related parties with shared power or under common control for purposes of determining which party within the related-party group is most closely associated with the VIE. Judgments are also made in determining whether a member in the equity group has a controlling financial interest, including power to direct activities that most significantly impact the VIE s economic performance and rights to receive benefits or obligations to absorb losses that could be potentially significant to the VIE. This analysis considers all relevant economic interests, including proportionate interests held through related parties. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 Performance Fees 
 We earn performance fees from our funds as a result of such funds achieving specified performance criteria. Such performance fees generally are earned based upon a fixed percentage of realized and unrealized gains of various funds after meeting any applicable hurdle rate or threshold minimum. 
 -62- 

Table of Contents 

 Performance allocations are performance fees that are generally structured from a legal standpoint as an allocation of capital to the Company. Performance allocations from certain of the funds that we manage are subject to contingent repayment and are generally paid to us as particular investments made by the funds are realized. If, however, upon liquidation of a fund, the aggregate amount paid to us as performance fees exceeds the amount actually due to us based upon the aggregate performance of the fund, the excess (in certain cases net of taxes) is required to be returned by us to that fund. We account for performance allocations as an equity method investment, and accordingly, we accrue performance allocations quarterly based on fair value of the underlying investments and separately assess if contingent repayment is necessary. The determination of performance allocations and contingent repayment considers both the terms of the respective partnership agreements and the current fair value of the underlying investments within the funds. Estimates and assumptions are made when determining the fair value of the underlying investments within the funds and could vary depending on the valuation methodology that is used. See Investments, at Fair Value below for further discussion related to significant estimates and assumptions used for determining fair value of the underlying investments in our credit, private equity and real assets funds. 
 Incentive fees are performance fees structured as a contractual fee arrangement rather than a capital allocation. Incentive fees are generally received from the management of CLOs, managed accounts and MFIC. For a majority of our incentive fees, once the quarterly or annual incentive fees have been determined, there is no look-back to prior periods for a potential contingent repayment, however, certain other incentive fees can be subject to contingent repayment at the end of the life of the entity. In accordance with the revenue recognition standard, certain incentive fees are considered a form of variable consideration and therefore are deferred until fees are probable to not be significantly reversed. There is significant judgment involved in determining if the incentive fees are probable to not be significantly reversed, but generally the Company will defer the revenue until the fees are crystallized or are no longer subject to clawback or reversal. 
 Management Fees 
 Management fees related to the yield funds we manage can be based on net asset value, gross assets, adjusted cost of all unrealized portfolio investments, capital commitments, adjusted assets, capital contributions, or stockholders equity, all as defined in the respective partnership agreements. The management fee calculations for the yield funds we manage that consider net asset value, gross assets, adjusted cost of all unrealized portfolio investments and adjusted assets are normally based on the terms of the respective partnership agreements and the current fair value of the underlying investments within the funds. Estimates and assumptions are made when determining the fair value of the underlying investments within the funds and could vary depending on the valuation methodology that is used. The management fees related to the equity funds we manage, by contrast, are generally based on a fixed percentage of the committed capital or invested capital. The corresponding fee calculations that consider committed capital or invested capital are both objective in nature and therefore do not require the use of significant estimates or assumptions. The management fees related to the hybrid funds we manage are generally based on net asset value, gross assets, or committed or invested capital. See Investments, at Fair Value below for further discussion related to significant estimates and assumptions used for determining fair value of the underlying investments in the yield, hybrid and equity funds. 
 Investments, at Fair Value 
 On a quarterly basis, Apollo utilizes valuation committees consisting of members from senior management, to review and approve the valuation results related to the investments of the funds it manages. For certain publicly traded vehicles managed by Apollo, a review is performed by an independent board of directors. The Company also retains external valuation firms to provide third-party valuation consulting services to Apollo, which consist of certain limited procedures that management identifies and requests them to perform. The limited procedures provided by the external valuation firms assist management with validating their valuation results or determining fair value. The Company performs various back-testing procedures to validate their valuation approaches, including comparisons between expected and observed outcomes, forecast evaluations and variance analyses. However, because of the inherent uncertainty of valuation, the estimated values may differ significantly from the values that would have been used had a ready market for the investments existed, and the differences could be material. 
 The fair values of the investments in the funds we manage can be impacted by changes to the assumptions used in the underlying valuation models. For further discussion on the impact of changes to valuation assumptions see Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk Sensitivity in this report. There have been no material changes to the valuation approaches utilized during the periods that our financial results are presented in this report. 
 Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 Except for the Company s debt obligations (each as defined in note 11 to our consolidated financial statements), Apollo s financial instruments are recorded at fair value or at amounts whose carrying values approximate fair value. See Investments, at Fair Value above. While Apollo s valuations of portfolio investments are based on assumptions that Apollo 
 -63- 

Table of Contents 

 believes are reasonable under the circumstances, the actual realized gains or losses will depend on, among other factors, future operating results, the value of the assets and market conditions at the time of disposition, any related transaction costs and the timing and manner of sale, all of which may ultimately differ significantly from the assumptions on which the valuations were based. Financial instruments carrying values generally approximate fair value because of the short-term nature of those instruments or variable interest rates related to the borrowings. 
 Profit Sharing Expense 
 Profit sharing expense is primarily a result of agreements with employees and former employees to compensate them based on the ownership interest they have in the general partners of the Apollo funds. Therefore, changes in the fair value of the underlying investments in the funds we manage and advise affect profit sharing expense. Employees are generally allocated approximately 30 to 61 , of the total performance fees which is driven primarily by changes in fair value of the underlying fund s investments and is treated as compensation expense. Additionally, profit sharing expenses paid may be subject to clawback from employees and former employees to the extent not indemnified. When applicable, the accrual for potential clawback of previously distributed profit sharing amounts, which is a component of due from related parties on the consolidated statements of financial condition, represents all amounts previously distributed to employees and former employees that would need to be returned to the general partner if the Apollo funds were to be liquidated based on the current fair value of the underlying funds investments as of the reporting date. The actual general partner receivable, however, would not become realized until the end of a fund s life. 
 Several of the Company s employee remuneration programs are dependent upon performance fee realizations, including the Incentive Pool, and dedicated performance fee rights and certain RSU awards for which vesting is contingent, in part, on the realization of performance fees in a specified period. The Company established these programs to attract and retain, and provide incentive to, partners and employees of the Company and to more closely align the overall compensation of partners and employees with the overall realized performance of the Company. Dedicated performance fee rights entitle their holders to payments arising from performance fee realizations. The Incentive Pool enables certain employees to earn discretionary compensation based on realized performance fees in a given year, which amounts are reflected in profit sharing expense in the Company s consolidated financial statements. Amounts earned by participants as a result of their performance fee rights (whether dedicated or Incentive Pool) will vary year-to-year depending on the overall realized performance of the Company (and, in the case of the Incentive Pool, on their individual performance). There is no assurance that the Company will continue to compensate individuals through the same types of arrangements in the future and there may be periods when the Company determines that allocations of realized performance fees are not sufficient to compensate individuals, which may result in an increase in salary, bonus and benefits, the modification of existing programs or the use of new remuneration programs. Reductions in performance fee revenues could also make it harder to retain employees and cause employees to seek other employment opportunities. 
 Fair Value Option 
 Apollo has elected the fair value option for the Company s investment in Athene Holding, the assets and liabilities of certain of its consolidated VIEs (including CLOs), the Company s U.S. Treasury securities with original maturities greater than three months when purchased and certain of the Company s other investments. Such election is irrevocable and is applied to financial instruments on an individual basis at initial recognition. See notes 4, 6, and 7 to the consolidated financial statements for further disclosure. 
 Equity-Based Compensation 
 Equity-based compensation is generally measured based on the grant date fair value of the award. Certain RSUs granted by the Company vest subject to continued employment and the Company s receipt of performance fees, within prescribed periods, sufficient to cover the associated equity-based compensation expense. Equity-based compensation expense for such awards, if and when granted, will be recognized on an accelerated recognition method over the requisite service period to the extent the performance fee metrics are met or deemed probable. The addition of these performance measures helps to promote the interests of our shareholders and fund investors by making RSU vesting contingent on the realization and distribution of profits on our funds. For more information regarding Apollo s equity-based compensation awards, see note 12 to our consolidated financial statements. The Company s assumptions made to determine the fair value on grant date are embodied in the calculations of compensation expense. 
 A significant part of our compensation expense is derived from amortization of RSUs. The fair value of all RSU grants after March 29, 2011 is based on the grant date fair value, which considers the public share price of AGM. The Company has three types of RSU grants, which we refer to as Plan Grants, Bonus Grants, and Performance Grants. Plan Grants may or may not provide the right to receive dividend equivalents until the RSUs vest and, for grants made after 2011, the underlying shares are 
 -64- 

Table of Contents 

 generally issued by March 15th after the year in which they vest. For Plan Grants, the grant date fair value is based on the public share price of the Company, and is discounted for transfer restrictions and lack of dividends until vested if applicable. Bonus Grants provide the right to receive dividend equivalents on both vested and unvested RSUs and Performance Grants provide the right to receive dividend equivalents on vested RSUs and may also provide the right to receive dividend equivalents on unvested RSUs. Both Bonus Grants and Performance Grants are generally issued by March 15th of the year following the year in which they vest. For Bonus Grants and Performance Grants, the grant date fair value for the periods presented is based on the public share price of AGM and is discounted for transfer restrictions. 
 We utilized the present value of a growing annuity formula to calculate a discount for the lack of pre-vesting dividends on certain Plan Grant and Performance Grant RSUs. The weighted average for the inputs utilized for the shares granted are presented in the table below for Plan Grants and Performance Grants: 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Plan Grants: Dividend Yield (1) 
 3.0 3.0 5.0 Cost of Equity Capital Rate (3) 
 12.3 11.7 11.6 Performance Grants: Dividend Yield (2) 
 2.9 2.2 5.1 Cost of Equity Capital Rate (3) 
 12.3 12 10.9 
 (1) Calculated based on the historical dividends paid during the year ended December 31, 2022 and the pric e of AGM s common stock as of the measurement date of the grant on a weighted average basis. 
 (2) Calculated based on the historical dividends paid during the three months ended December 31, 2022 and the price of AGM s common stock as of the measurement date of the grant on a weighted average basis. 
 (3) Assumes a discount rate that was equivalent to the opportunity cost of foregoing distributions on unvested Plan Grant and Performance Grant RSUs as of the valuation date, based on the Capital Asset Pricing Model CAPM ). CAPM is a commonly used mathematical model for developing expected returns. 
 We utilize the Finnerty Model to calculate a marketability discount on the Plan Grant, Bonus Grant and Performance Grant RSUs to account for the lag between vesting and issuance. The Finnerty Model provides for a valuation discount reflecting the holding period restriction embedded in a restricted security preventing its sale over a certain period of time. 
 The Finnerty Model proposes to estimate a discount for lack of marketability such as transfer restrictions by using an option pricing theory. This model has gained recognition through its ability to address the magnitude of the discount by considering the volatility of a company s stock price and the length of restriction. The concept underpinning the Finnerty Model is that a restricted security cannot be sold over a certain period of time. Further simplified, a restricted share of equity in a company can be viewed as having forfeited a put on the average price of the marketable equity over the restriction period (also known as an Asian Put Option ). If we price an Asian Put Option and compare this value to that of the assumed fully marketable underlying security, we can effectively estimate the marketability discount. The inputs utilized in the Finnerty Model are (i) length of holding period, (ii) volatility and (iii) dividend yield. 
 -65- 

Table of Contents 

 The weighted average for the inputs utilized for the shares granted are presented in the table below for Plan Grants, Bonus Grants and Performance Grants: 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Plan Grants: Holding Period Restriction (in years) 
 1.2 4.6 0.6 Volatility (1) 
 44.8 32.8 58.8 Dividend Yield (2) 
 3.0 3.0 5.0 Bonus Grants: Holding Period Restriction (in years) 
 0.2 0.2 0.2 Volatility (1) 
 34.5 34.9 29.2 Dividend Yield (2) 
 2.9 3.9 5.0 Performance Grants: Holding Period Restriction (in years) 
 0.9 0.6 1 Volatility (1) 
 37.4 27.0 47.6 Dividend Yield (2) 
 2.9 2.2 5.1 
 (1) The Company determined the expected volatility based on the volatility of AGM s common stock price as of the grant date with consideration to comparable companies. 
 (2) Calculated based on the historical dividends paid during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 and AGM s common stock price as of the measurement date of the grant on a weighted average basis. 
 Income Taxes 
 Significant judgment is required in determining tax expense and in evaluating certain and uncertain tax positions. The Company recognizes the tax benefit of uncertain tax positions only where the position is more likely than not to be sustained upon examination, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefit is measured as the largest amount of benefit that has a greater than 50 likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. If a tax position is not considered more likely than not to be sustained, then no benefits of the position are recognized. The Company s tax positions are reviewed and evaluated quarterly to determine whether the Company has uncertain tax positions that require financial statement recognition. 
 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the expected future tax consequences of differences between the carrying amount of assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis using currently enacted tax rates. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period during which the change is enacted. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when it is more likely than not that all or a portion of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 A list of recent accounting pronouncements that are relevant to Apollo and its industry is included in note 2 to our consolidated financial statements. 
 -66- 

Table of Contents 

 Contractual Obligations, Commitments and Contingencies 
 The Company s material contractual obligations consisted of lease obligations, contractual commitments as part of the ongoing operations of the funds, debt obligations, and the AOG Unit Payment. Fixed and determinable payments due in connection with these obligations are as follows as of December 31, 2022: 
 2023 2024 - 2025 
 2026 - 2027 
 2028 and Thereafter 
 Total (in thousands) Operating lease obligations (1) 
 69,967 152,380 147,012 545,188 914,547 Other long-term obligations (2) 
 13,979 675 14,654 2022 AMH credit facility (3) 
 800 1,600 1,427 3,827 Debt obligations (3) 
 135,601 723,494 661,573 2,481,604 4,002,272 AOG Unit Payment (4) 
 175,267 175,267 350,534 Obligations 395,614 1,053,416 810,012 3,026,792 5,285,834 (1) Operating lease obligations excludes 224.7 million of other operating expenses associated with operating leases. 
 (2) Includes (i) payments on management service agreements related to certain assets and (ii) payments with respect to certain consulting agreements entered into by the Company. Note that a significant portion of these costs are reimbursable by funds. 
 (3) See note 11 of the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of these debt obligations. 
 (4) See note 14 to the consolidated financial statements for more information regarding the AOG Unit Payment. 
 
 Note: Due to the fact that the timing of certain amounts to be paid cannot be determined or for other reasons discussed below, the following contractual commitments have not been presented in the table above. 
 (i) As noted previously, the tax receivable agreement requires us to pay to our Former Managing Partners and Contributing Partners 85 of any tax savings received by AGM and its subsidiaries from our step-up in tax basis. The tax savings achieved may not ensure that we have sufficient cash available to pay this liability and we might be required to incur additional debt to satisfy this liability. 
 (ii) Debt amounts related to the consolidated VIEs are not presented in the table above as the Company is not a guarantor of these non-recourse liabilities. 
 (iii) In connection with the Stone Tower acquisition, the Company agreed to pay the former owners of Stone Tower a specified percentage of any future performance fees earned from certain of the Stone Tower funds, CLOs and strategic investment accounts. This contingent consideration liability is remeasured to fair value at each reporting period until the obligations are satisfied. See note 15 to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding the contingent consideration liability. 
 (iv) Commitments from certain of our subsidiaries to contribute to the funds we manage and certain related parties. 
 Commitments 
 Certain of our management companies and general partners are committed to contribute to the funds we manage and certain related parties. While a small percentage of these amounts are funded by us, the majority of these amounts have historically been funded by our related parties, including certain of our employees and certain Apollo funds. The table below presents the commitment and remaining commitment amounts of Apollo and its related parties and the commitment and remaining commitment amounts of Apollo only (excluding related parties) for each fund as of December 31, 2022 (in millions): 
 -67- 

Table of Contents 

 Fund Apollo and Related Party Commitments Apollo Only (Excluding Related Party) Commitments Apollo and Related Party Remaining Commitments Apollo Only (Excluding Related Party) Remaining Commitments Yield: Apollo Origination Partners 1,490.7 20.7 407.5 4.5 Athora (1) 
 1,881.9 486.7 451.6 74.9 Other Yield 14,691.2 322.6 3,472.8 38.2 Total Yield 18,063.8 830.0 4,331.9 117.6 Hybrid: HVF II 1,509.7 10.1 910.3 6.1 HVF I 896.5 8.7 360.8 2.5 FCI IV 222.5 21.0 203.6 19.2 SCRF IV 446.1 0.1 293.4 0.1 Accord V 141.3 22.2 73.5 11.5 Accord+ 697.7 34.8 305.7 15.3 AIOF II 592.6 21.5 468.4 17.2 AIOF I (3) 
 322.8 9.0 42.9 1.2 Moultrie Credit Fund 400.0 400.0 67.5 67.5 Other Hybrid 9,405.3 470.4 1,888.5 128.0 Total Hybrid 14,634.5 997.8 4,614.6 268.6 Equity: Fund IX 1,914.5 34.4 626.2 6.0 Fund VII 467.2 178.1 6.7 3.7 ANRP III 680.1 9.8 258.4 3.8 EPF IV (1) 
 442.9 31.6 355.5 23.2 EPF III (1) 
 597.4 1.5 181.9 0.1 EPF II (1) 
 409.7 63.4 88.8 18.6 EPF I (1) 
 287.6 18.9 46.2 4.3 U.S. RE Fund III (2) 
 422.9 6.8 224.8 3.9 U.S. RE Fund II (2) 
 746.7 4.9 177.1 0.8 U.S. RE Fund I (2) 
 433.8 16.3 23.9 2.4 Asia RE Fund II (2) 
 916.4 2.1 631.6 0.9 Asia RE Fund I (2) 
 378.4 8.4 165.0 3.0 Apollo S3 Equity Holdings 500.1 0.1 500.1 0.1 Digital Origin Partners 125.0 100.8 125.0 100.8 Other Equity 9,029.8 190.8 2,252.4 83.1 Total Equity 17,352.5 667.9 5,663.6 254.7 Total 50,050.8 2,495.7 14,610.1 640.9 (1) Apollo s commitment in these funds is denominated in euros and translated into U.S. dollars at an exchange rate of 1.00 to 1.07 as of December 31, 2022. 
 (2) Figures for U.S. RE Fund I include base, additional, and co-investment commitments. A co-investment vehicle within U.S. RE Fund I is denominated in pounds sterling and translated into U.S. dollars at an exchange rate of 1.00 to 1.21 as of December 31, 2022. Figures for U.S. RE Fund II, U.S. RE Fund III, Asia RE Fund I and Asia RE Fund II include co-investment commitments. 
 (3) Figures for AIOF I include Apollo Infra Equity U.S. Fund, L.P. and Apollo Infra Equity International Fund, L.P. commitments. 
 
 The 2022 AMH credit facility, 2024 Senior Notes, 2026 Senior Notes, 2029 Senior Notes, 2030 Senior Notes, 2048 Senior Notes and the 2050 Subordinated Notes will have future impacts on our cash uses. See note 11 of our consolidated financial statements for information regarding the Company s debt arrangements. 
 Contingent Obligation 
 Performance fees with respect to certain funds are subject to reversal in the event of future losses to the extent of the cumulative performance fees recognized in income to date. See note 15 of our consolidated financial statements for a description of our contingent obligation. 
 One of the Company s subsidiaries, AGS, provides underwriting commitments in connection with securities offerings of related parties of Apollo, including portfolio companies of the funds Apollo manages, as well as third parties. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were no open underwriting commitments. 
 
 -68- 

Table of Contents 

 Atlas Securitized Products Holdings LP 
 On February 8, 2023, AGM and CS undertook the first close of their previously announced transaction whereby certain subsidiaries of Atlas acquired certain assets of the CS Securitized Products Group (the Transaction ). A subsequent closing was held on February 23, 2023. Under the terms of the Transaction, Atlas has agreed to pay CS 3.3 billion, 0.4 billion of which is deferred until February 8, 2026, and 2.9 billion of which is deferred until February 8, 2028. This deferred purchase price is an obligation first of Atlas, second of AAA, third of the Company (which has issued a guarantee to AAA), fourth of AHL and fifth of AARe. Each of AARe and AHL has issued an assurance letter to CS for the full deferred purchase obligation amount of 3.3 billion. In exchange for the purchase price, Atlas expects to receive, by the Transaction s final close, approximately 0.4 billion in cash and a portfolio of senior secured warehouse assets, subject to debt, with approximately 1 billion of tangible equity value (to the extent that the warehouse assets received by Atlas constitute less than 1 billion of tangible equity value, the amount of cash is expected to increase by an offsetting amount). These warehouse assets are senior secured assets at industry standard loan-to-value ratios, structured to investment grade-equivalent criteria, and were approved by Atlas in connection with this Transaction. In addition, Atlas has received an investment management contract to manage certain unrelated assets on behalf of CS, providing for quarterly payments expected to total approximately 1.1 billion net to Atlas over 5 years. Finally, Atlas shall also benefit generally from the net spread earned on its assets in excess of its cost of financing. As a result, the fair value of the liability related to the Company s guarantee is not material to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 Market risk is the risk of incurring losses due to adverse changes in market rates and prices. Our predominant exposure to market risk is related to our role as investment manager and general partner for the funds we manage and the sensitivity to movements in the fair value of their investments and resulting impact on performance fees and management fee revenues. Our direct investments in the funds we manage also expose us to market risk whereby movements in the fair values of the underlying investments will increase or decrease both net gains (losses) from investment activities and income (loss) from equity method investments. 
 Risk Management Framework 
 The Company s risk management frameworks are designed to identify, assess and prioritize risks to ensure that senior management understands and can manage our risk profile. Governance over risk exists at both the board level and management level. The audit committee of the board of directors of AAM is tasked with reviewing major financial risk exposures of the Company and management s risk assessment and risk management policies. 
 Risks are analyzed across strategies from both a bottom up and top down perspective. We gather and analyze data, monitor investments and markets in detail, and constantly strive to better quantify, qualify and circumscribe relevant risks. 
 Each risk management process is subject to our overall risk tolerance and philosophy and our enterprise risk management framework. This framework governs all business units within the asset management business and (1) conveys our risk culture; (2) outlines our risk management methodology; (3) identifies key roles and responsibilities, and (4) summarizes our core risk areas including, but not limited to, market, credit and operational risks. 
 Each fund runs its own investment and risk management process subject to our overall risk tolerance and philosophy: 
 With respect to the yield and hybrid funds we manage, we continuously monitor a variety of markets for attractive trading opportunities, applying a number of traditional and customized risk management metrics to analyze risk related to specific assets or portfolios, as well as, fund-wide risks. 
 The investment process of the equity funds we manage involves a detailed analysis of potential acquisitions, and investment management teams assigned to monitor the strategic development, financing and capital deployment decisions of each portfolio investment. 
 The Apollo Global Risk Committee AGRC is tasked with assisting AAM in monitoring and managing enterprise-risk. The AGRC is chaired by a Co-President of AAM and includes other members of senior management. Managing risk is the responsibility of all employees. Businesses and investment professionals are responsible for all the risk taken on and managed in their business areas and risk management groups are accountable for providing an objective challenge to, and oversight of, the business risk management. 
 Risk management groups, such as the market risk group and credit risk team of the Company provide summary analysis of fund level market and credit risk to the portfolio managers of the funds managed by Apollo and the heads of the various business 
 -69- 

Table of Contents 

 units. On a periodic basis, risk owners also provide analyses of select market and credit risk components to various members of senior management. In addition, the business and risk leaders of the Company reviews specific investments from the perspective of risk mitigation and discusses such analysis with the AGRC or other members of senior management when needed. 
 Market Risk and Management of Market Risk Exposures 
 Impact on Management Fees 
 Our management fees are based on one of the following: 
 capital commitments to an Apollo fund; 
 capital invested in an Apollo fund; 
 the gross, net or adjusted asset value of an Apollo fund, as defined; or 
 as otherwise defined in the respective agreements. 
 Management fees could be impacted by changes in market risk factors, including (i) changes in invested capital or in market values to below cost, due to which management could consider an investment permanently impaired, in the case of certain funds or (ii) changes in gross or net asset value, for the yield funds. The proportion of our management fees that are based on NAV is dependent on the number and types of funds in existence and the current stage of each fund s life cycle. 
 Impact on Advisory and Transaction Fees 
 We earn transaction fees relating to certain yield, hybrid and equity transactions and may obtain reimbursement for certain out-of-pocket expenses incurred. Subsequently, on a quarterly or annual basis, ongoing advisory fees, and additional transaction fees in connection with additional purchases, dispositions, or follow-on transactions, may be earned. Management Fee Offsets and any broken deal costs, if applicable, are reflected as a reduction to advisory and transaction fees. Advisory and transaction fees will be impacted by changes in market risk factors to the extent that they limit our opportunities to engage in yield, hybrid, and equity transactions or impair our ability to consummate such transactions. The impact of changes in market risk factors on advisory and transaction fees is not readily predicted or estimated. 
 Impact on Performance Fees 
 We earn performance fees from the funds we manage as a result of such funds achieving specified performance criteria. Our performance fees will be impacted by changes in market risk factors. However, several major factors will influence the degree of impact: 
 the performance criteria for each individual fund in relation to how that fund s results of operations are impacted by changes in market risk factors; 
 whether such performance criteria are annual or over the life of the fund; 
 to the extent applicable, the previous performance of each fund in relation to its performance criteria; and 
 whether each fund s performance fee distributions are subject to contingent repayment. 
 As a result, the impact of changes in market risk factors on performance fees will vary widely from fund to fund. The impact is heavily dependent on the prior and future performance of each fund, and therefore is not readily predicted or estimated. 
 Market Risk 
 We are directly and indirectly affected by changes in market conditions. Market risk generally represents the risk that values of investments will be adversely affected by changes in market conditions. Market risk is inherent in each of the investments of the funds we manage, including equity investments, loans, short-term borrowings, long-term debt, hedging instruments, credit default swaps and derivatives. Just a few of the market conditions that may shift from time to time, thereby exposing us to market risk, include fluctuations in interest, currency exchange rates and credit spreads, equity prices, changes in the implied volatility of interest rates and price deterioration. Volatility in debt and equity markets can impact our pace of capital deployment, the timing of receipt of transaction fee revenues and the timing of realizations. These market conditions could have an impact on the value of fund investments and rates of return. Accordingly, depending on the instruments or activities impacted, market risks can have wide ranging, complex adverse effects on our results from operations and our overall financial condition. We monitor market risk using certain strategies and methodologies which management evaluates periodically for 
 -70- 

Table of Contents 

 appropriateness. We intend to continue to monitor this risk going forward and continue to monitor our exposure to all market factors. 
 The Company is subject to a concentration risk related to the investors in the funds it manages. There are more than 1,000 investors in Apollo s active yield, hybrid, and equity funds, and no individual investor accounts for more than 10 of the total committed capital to Apollo s active funds. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Interest rate risk represents exposure we and the funds we manage have to instruments whose values vary with the change in interest rates. These instruments include, but are not limited to, loans, borrowings, investments in interest bearing securities and derivative instruments. We may seek to mitigate risks associated with the exposures by having the funds take offsetting positions in derivative contracts. Hedging instruments allow us to seek to mitigate risks by reducing the effect of movements in the level of interest rates, changes in the shape of the yield curve, as well as, changes in interest rate volatility. Hedging instruments used to mitigate these risks may include related derivatives such as options, futures and swaps. 
 Credit Risk 
 Credit risk represents exposure we and the funds we manage have to investments or other activity whose value varies with the change in credit spreads, the change in the probability of default by the borrow or the actual default and failure to repay a loan or contractual obligation. Certain of the funds we manage are subject to certain inherent risks through their investments. 
 Certain entities we manage invest substantially all of their excess cash in open-end money market funds and money market demand accounts, which are included in cash and cash equivalents. The money market funds invest primarily in government securities and other short-term, highly liquid instruments with a low risk of loss. We continually monitor the funds performance in order to manage any risk associated with these investments. 
 Certain funds we manage hold derivative instruments that contain an element of risk in the event that the counterparties may be unable to meet the terms of such agreements. We seek to minimize risk exposure by limiting the counterparties with which the funds enter into contracts to banks and investment banks who meet established credit and capital guidelines. Counterparty risk may be further mitigated by the exchange of collateral with a counterparty as a form of credit support for derivative transactions. As of December 31, 2022, we do not expect any counterparty to default on its obligations and therefore do not expect to incur any loss due to counterparty default. 
 Certain investments of the funds we manage include lower-rated and comparable quality unrated distressed investments and other instruments. Investments in such debt instruments are accompanied by a greater degree of risk of loss due to default by the issuer because such debt instruments are generally unsecured and subordinated to other creditors of the issuer. These issuers generally have high levels of indebtedness and can be more sensitive to adverse market conditions, such as a recession or increasing interest rates, as compared to higher rated issuers. We seek to minimize risk exposure by subjecting each prospective investment to rigorous credit analysis and by making investment decisions based upon objectives that include capital preservation and appreciation, and industry and issuer diversification. 
 Foreign Exchange Risk 
 Foreign exchange risk represents exposures the funds we manage have to changes in the values of current fund holdings and future cash flows denominated in other currencies and investments in non-U.S. companies. The types of investments exposed to this risk include investments in foreign subsidiaries, foreign currency-denominated loans, foreign currency-denominated transactions, and various foreign exchange derivative instruments whose values fluctuate with changes in currency exchange rates or foreign interest rates. Instruments used to mitigate this risk are foreign exchange options, currency swaps, futures and forwards. These instruments may be used to help insulate the funds we manage against losses that may arise due to volatile movements in foreign exchange rates and/or interest rates. 
 In our capacity as investment manager of the funds we manage, we continuously monitor a variety of markets for attractive opportunities for managing risk. For example, certain of the funds we manage may put in place foreign exchange hedges or borrowings with respect to certain foreign currency denominated investments to provide a hedge against foreign exchange exposure. 
 Non-U.S. Operations 
 We have offices and conduct business throughout the world and are continuing to expand into foreign markets. Our fund investments and our revenues are primarily derived from our U.S. operations. With respect to our non-U.S. operations, we are 
 -71- 

Table of Contents 

 subject to risk of loss from currency fluctuations, social instability, changes in governmental policies or policies of central banks, expropriation, nationalization, unfavorable political and diplomatic developments and changes in legislation relating to non-U.S. ownership. The funds we manage also invest in the securities of companies which are located in non-U.S. jurisdictions. As we continue to expand globally, we will continue to focus on monitoring and managing these risk factors as they relate to specific non-U.S. investments. 
 Sensitivities 
 Interest Rate Risk We are primarily subject to interest rate risk through the investments of the funds we manage. For funds that pay management fees based on NAV or other bases that are sensitive to market value fluctuations, we anticipate our management fees would change consistent with the increase or decrease experienced by the underlying funds portfolios. In the event that interest rates were to increase by one percentage point, we estimate that management fees earned that were dependent upon estimated fair value would decrease by approximately 8.7 million and 41.2 million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Credit Risk Similar to interest rate risk, we are also subject to credit risk through the investments of the funds we manage. In the event that credit spreads were to increase by one percentage point, we estimate that management fees earned that were dependent upon estimated fair value would decrease by approximately 17.8 million and 50.5 million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Foreign Exchange Risk We estimate for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, a 10 decline in the rate of exchange of all foreign currencies against the U.S. dollar would result in the following declines in management fees and investment income (loss): 
 For the Years Ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 Management fees 21,393 19,922 Investment income 8,826 19,083 
 Net Gains from Investment Activities and Principal Investment Income Our assets and unrealized gains, and our related equity and net income are sensitive to changes in the valuations of the underlying investments of the funds we manage and could vary materially as a result of changes in our valuation assumptions and estimates. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations Critical Accounting Policies Investments, at Fair Value for details related to the valuation methods that are used and the key assumptions and estimates employed by such methods. We also quantify the Level III investments that are included on our consolidated statements of financial condition by valuation methodology in note 7 to the consolidated financial statements. We employ a variety of valuation methods. Furthermore, the investments that we manage but are not on our consolidated statements of financial condition, and therefore impact performance fees, also employ a variety of valuation methods of which no single methodology is used more than any other. 
 Management Fees Management fees are primarily based on the net asset value of the relevant fund, gross assets, adjusted equity, capital commitments, invested capital, or as defined in the respective fund s management agreements. Changes in the fair values of the investments that earn management fees based on net asset value, gross assets or adjusted equity will have a direct impact on the amount of management fees that are earned. Management fees earned that were dependent upon estimated fair value during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 would decrease by approximately 50.6 million and 111.8 million, respectively, if the fair values of the investments held by such funds were 10 lower during the same respective periods. 
 Management fees for equity and certain hybrid funds we manage are generally charged on either (a) a fixed percentage of committed capital over a stated investment period or (b) a fixed percentage of invested capital of unrealized portfolio investments. Changes in values of investments could indirectly affect future management fees from such funds by, among other things, reducing the funds access to capital or liquidity and their ability to currently pay the management fees or if such change resulted in a write-down of investments below their associated invested capital. 
 Investment Income 
 Performance Fees Performance fees from the funds we manage generally are earned based on achieving specified performance criteria and is impacted directly by changes in the fair value of the funds investments. We anticipate that a 10 decline in the fair values of investments held by all of the funds we manage would decrease by approximately 1.1 billion at both December 31, 2022 and 2021 . 
 -72- 

Table of Contents 

 Principal Investment Income For select funds managed by Apollo, our share of income from equity method investments as a general partner in such funds is derived from unrealized gains or losses on investments in funds included in the consolidated financial statements. For funds in which we have an interest, but are not consolidated, our share of investment income is limited to our direct investments in the funds. 
 We anticipate that a 10 decline in the fair value of investments at December 31, 2022 and 2021 would result in an approximate 235.6 million and 202.9 million decrease in principal investment income in our consolidated financial statements, respectively. 
 -73- 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements Page Audited Consolidated Financial Statements Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 
 75 
 Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 77 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 79 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 80 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 81 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 84 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 87 
 
 -74- 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Apollo Asset Management, Inc. (formerly known as Apollo Global Management, Inc. prior to January 1, 2022) 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of financial condition of Apollo Asset Management, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), stockholders equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and cashflows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Performance Allocations Refer to Note 2 in the consolidated financial statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 The Company recognizes performance allocations from the funds it manages within investment income to the extent these funds meet or achieve certain performance criteria. The Company recognizes performance allocations each reporting period based on the terms outlined in the respective fund governing agreements. Further, the fair value of the underlying investments held by the funds is a significant input to the evaluation and recognition of performance allocations. 
 Certain funds may hold significant illiquid investments whose fair values are based on unobservable inputs. These investments have limited observable market activity and changes in the fair value of these investments directly impact the amount of performance allocations the Company is entitled to recognize as investment income for the period. 
 Auditing the performance allocation calculations involves critical evaluation of the appropriate legal interpretation and application of the terms of the respective fund governing agreements, inclusive of any contingent repayment provisions. Auditing the fair value of illiquid investments, which are based on unobservable inputs, involves especially subjective auditor 
 -75- 

Table of Contents 

 judgment and the subject matter expertise of our fair value specialists to evaluate the appropriateness of the valuation methods, assumptions, and unobservable inputs used by the Company to determine fair value. 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to the funds performance allocation calculations and the testing of fair value of illiquid investments held by the funds included the following, among others: 
 We involved senior, more experienced audit team members in the performance of our audit procedures. 
 We tested the design and operating effectiveness of controls over management s performance allocation calculations and the determination of the fair value of illiquid investments. 
 We evaluated, on a sample basis, whether the Company s performance allocation calculations were performed in accordance with the terms of the funds governing agreements. 
 We utilized our fair value specialists to assist in our evaluation of the valuation methods, assumptions and unobservable inputs used by the Company to determine the fair value of certain illiquid investments held by the funds. 
 We evaluated the Company s historical ability to accurately estimate the fair value of illiquid investments by comparing previous estimates of fair value to market transactions with third parties. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 February 28, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2007. 
 -76- 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO ASSET MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION 

(In thousands, except share data) 
 As of December 31, 2022 As of December 31, 2021 Assets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash and cash equivalents Investments (includes performance allocations of 2,635,180 and 2,731,733 as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively) Assets of consolidated variable interest entities: Cash and cash equivalents Investments, at fair value Other assets Due from related parties Deferred tax assets, net Other assets Lease assets Goodwill Total Assets Liabilities, Redeemable non-controlling interests and Stockholders Equity Liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued expenses Accrued compensation and benefits Deferred revenue Due to related parties Profit sharing payable Debt Liabilities of consolidated variable interest entities: Debt, at fair value Notes payable Other liabilities Other liabilities Lease liabilities Total Liabilities Commitments and Contingencies (see note 15) Redeemable non-controlling interests: Redeemable non-controlling interests Stockholders Equity: Apollo Asset Management, Inc. Stockholders Equity: Series A Preferred Stock, 11,000,000 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 Series B Preferred Stock, 12,000,000 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 Common Stock, 0.00001 par value, 40,000,000 and 0 shares authorized as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, 1,000 and 0 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively Class A Common Stock, 0.00001 par value, 0 and 90,000,000,000 shares authorized as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, 0 and 248,896,649 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 -77- 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO ASSET MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION 

 Class B Common Stock, 0.00001 par value, 0 and 999,999,999 shares authorized as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, 0 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 Class C Common Stock, 0.00001 par value, 0 and 1 share authorized as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, 0 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 Additional paid in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total Apollo Asset Management, Inc. Stockholders Equity Non-controlling interests in consolidated entities Non-controlling interests in Apollo Operating Group Total Stockholders Equity Total Liabilities, Redeemable non-controlling interests and Stockholders Equity 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 -78- 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO ASSET MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Years Ended December 31, (In thousands) 
 2022 2021 2020 Revenues: Management fees Advisory and transaction fees, net Investment income Incentive fees Total Revenues Expenses: Compensation and benefits Interest expense General, administrative and other Total Expenses Other Income (Loss): Net gains (losses) from investment activities ) Net gains from investment activities of consolidated variable interest entities Interest income Other income (loss), net ) ) Total Other Income (Loss) ) Income before income tax provision Income tax provision ) ) ) Net Income Net income attributable to non-controlling interests ) ) ) Net Income Attributable to Apollo Asset Management, Inc. Series A Preferred Stock Dividends ) ) ) Series B Preferred Stock Dividends ) ) ) Net Income Attributable to Apollo Asset Management, Inc. Common Stockholders 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 -79- 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO ASSET MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

For the Years Ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Net Income Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), net of tax: Currency translation adjustments, net of tax ) ) Net gain from change in fair value of cash flow hedge instruments Net loss on available-for-sale securities ) ) ) Total Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), net of tax ) ) Comprehensive Income Comprehensive Income attributable to non-controlling interests ) ) ) Comprehensive Income Attributable to Apollo Asset Management, Inc. 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 -80- 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO ASSET MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

For the year ended December 31, 2020 
 Apollo Asset Management, Inc. Stockholders (In thousands, except share data) Class A Common Stock Class B Common Stock Class C Common Stock Series A Preferred Stock Series B Preferred Stock Additional Paid in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Apollo Asset Management, Inc. Stockholders Equity Non- Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities Non- Controlling Interests in Apollo Operating Group Total Stockholders Equity Balance at January 1, 2020 ) Equity transaction with Athene Holding ) ) Consolidation of VIEs Dilution impact of issuance of Class A Common Stock Capital increase related to equity-based compensation Capital contributions Dividends/ Distributions ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Payments related to issuances of Class A Common Stock for equity-based awards ) ) ) Repurchase of Class A Common Stock ) ) ) ) Exchange of AOG Units for Class A Common Stock ) ) Net income Currency translation adjustments, net of tax Net gain from change in fair value of cash flow hedge instruments Net loss on available-for-sale securities ) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) 
 -81- 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO ASSET MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

 For the year ended December 31, 2021 
 Apollo Asset Management, Inc. Stockholders (In thousands, except share data) Class A Common Stock Class B Common Stock Class C Common Stock Series A Preferred Stock Series B Preferred Stock Additional Paid in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Apollo Asset Management, Inc. Stockholders Equity Non- Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities Non- Controlling Interests in Apollo Operating Group Total Stockholders Equity Balance at January 1, 2021 ) Conversion of Class B and Class C Common Stock to Class A Common Stock ) ) Deconsolidation of VIEs ) ) Accretion of redeemable non-controlling interests ) ) ) Issuance of Class A Common Stock related to equity transactions Pledge of Class A Common Stock Purchase of limited partnership interests ) ) ) ) Dilution impact of issuance of Class A Common Stock ) ) ) Capital increase related to equity-based compensation Capital contributions Dividends/Distributions ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Payments related to issuances of Class A Common Stock for equity-based awards ) ) ) Repurchase of Class A Common Stock ) ) ) ) Exchange of AOG Units for Class A Common Stock ) Net income Currency translation adjustments, net of tax ) ) ) ) ) Net gain from change in fair value of cash flow hedge instruments Net loss on available-for-sale securities ) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) 

-82- 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO ASSET MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

 For the year ended December 31, 2022 
 Apollo Asset Management, Inc. Stockholders (In thousands, except share data) Common Stock Series A Preferred Stock Series B Preferred Shares Additional Paid in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Apollo Asset Management, Inc. Stockholders Equity Non- Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities Non- Controlling Interests in Apollo Operating Group Total Stockholders Equity Balance at January 1, 2022 ) Reverse stock split ) Consolidation/ deconsolidation of VIEs ) ) ) Accretion of redeemable non-controlling interests ) ) ) Contributions Dividends/ Distributions ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Transactions between entities under common control Net income Currency translation adjustments, net of tax ) ) ) ) ) Net gain from change in fair value of cash flow hedge instruments Net loss on available-for-sale securities ) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 -83- 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO ASSET MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Years Ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Equity-based compensation Depreciation and amortization Unrealized (gains) losses from investment activities ) Net investment income ) ) ) Deferred taxes, net Pledge of Class A Common Stock Other non-cash amounts included in net income, net ) Cash flows due to changes in operating assets and liabilities: Due from related parties ) ) Accounts payable and accrued expenses Accrued compensation and benefits ) ) Deferred revenue ) Due to related parties ) Profit sharing payable Lease liability ) ) ) Other assets and other liabilities, net ) Earnings from net investment income Satisfaction of contingent obligations ) ) ) Apollo Fund and VIE related: Net realized and unrealized gains from investing activities and debt ) ) ) Change in consolidation ) ) Purchases of investments ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of investments Changes in other assets and other liabilities, net ) Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities ) ) Cash Flows from Investing Activities: Purchases of fixed assets ) ) ) Acquisitions Proceeds from sale of investments Purchase of investments ) ) ) Purchase of U.S. Treasury securities ) ) ) Proceeds from maturities of U.S. Treasury securities Cash contributions to principal investments ) ) ) Cash distributions from principal investments Related party inflows (Repayments) Related party outflows (Issuances) ) ) ) Other investing activities, net ) ) Apollo Fund and VIE related: Purchase of U.S. Treasury securities ) ) ) Proceeds from maturities of U.S. Treasury Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities ) ) 
 -84- 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO ASSET MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 Cash Flows from Financing Activities: Principal repayments of debt ) ) ) Dividends to Preferred Stockholders ) ) ) Issuance of debt Satisfaction of tax receivable agreement ) ) ) Distributions related to AGM s repurchase of Common Stock ) ) Distributions related to deliveries of AGM s Common Stock for RSUs ) ) ) Dividends / Distributions ) ) ) Distributions paid to non-controlling interests in Apollo Operating Group ) ) Issuance of related party loans Repayment of related party loans ) AOG Unit Payment ) Due to parent, net Other financing activities, net ) ) ) Apollo Fund and VIE related: Issuance of debt Principal repayment of debt ) ) ) Distributions paid to non-controlling interests in consolidated entities ) ) ) Contributions from non-controlling interests in consolidated entities Proceeds from issuance of Class A Units of a SPAC Payment of underwriting discounts ) Contributions from Redeemable non-controlling interests Distributions to redeemable non-controlling interests ) Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities Net Increase (Decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents, Restricted Cash and Cash Equivalents, and Cash and Cash Equivalents Held at Consolidated Funds and VIEs ) Cash and Cash Equivalents, Restricted Cash and Cash Equivalents, and Cash and Cash Equivalents Held at Consolidated Funds and VIEs, Beginning of Period Cash and Cash Equivalents, Restricted Cash and Cash Equivalents, and Cash and Cash Equivalents Held at Consolidated Funds and VIEs, End of Period Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information: Interest paid Interest paid by consolidated variable interest entities Income taxes paid Supplemental Disclosure of Non-Cash Investing Activities: Contributions to principal investments Distributions from principal investments ) Purchases of other investments, at fair value Sales of other investments, at fair value ) Capital commitment ) Loss on Athene equity swap ) Acquisition of goodwill Contingent consideration ) 
 -85- 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO ASSET MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 Supplemental Disclosure of Non-Cash Financing Activities: Capital increases related to equity-based compensation Contributions Purchase of limited partnership interests Issuance of restricted shares Issuance of AOG units to Athene Distributions paid to non-controlling interests in consolidated variable interest entities ) Other non-cash financing activities ) Changes in Consolidation: Investments, at fair value ) Other assets ) Debt, at fair value ) Notes payable Other liabilities ) Non-controlling interest in consolidated entities related to acquisition ) Adjustments related to exchange of Apollo Operating Group units: Deferred tax assets Due to related parties ) ) Additional paid in capital ) ) Non-controlling interest in Apollo Operating Group Reconciliation of Cash and Cash Equivalents, Restricted Cash and Cash Equivalents, and Cash and Cash Equivalents Held at Consolidated Variable Interest Entities to the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents held at consolidated variable interest entities Total Cash and Cash Equivalents, Restricted Cash and Cash Equivalents, and Cash and Cash Equivalents Held at Consolidated Variable Interest Entities 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

-86- 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO ASSET MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in thousands, except share data, except where noted) 

1. 
 primary business segments: 
 Asset Management focuses on investing strategies: yield, hybrid and equity; yield focuses on generating excess returns through high quality credit underwriting and origination of safe-yielding assets; hybrid focuses across debt and equity to offer a differentiated risk-adjusted return with an emphasis on structured downside protected opportunities across asset classes; and within equity, controlled transactions are principally buyouts, corporate carveouts and distressed investments, while the real estate funds the Company manages generally focus on single asset, portfolio and platform acquisitions; 
 Principal Investing primarily includes the Company s general partner investments in the funds it manages, where the Company earns realized performance fee income based on the investment performance of these funds. Principal investing also includes the Company s growth capital and liquidity resources. The Company seeks to deploy capital into strategic investments over time to help accelerate the growth of the asset management segment. 
 of the economic interests of, and operated and controlled all of the businesses and affairs of, the Apollo Operating Group. The remaining of the economic interests of the Apollo Operating Group were owned by Apollo Global Management, Inc. AGM ). 
 Apollo and Athene Merger 
 On January 1, 2022, Apollo and Athene Holding Ltd. Athene completed the previously announced merger transactions pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement by and among AAM, Tango Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a then wholly-owned subsidiary of AAM HoldCo ), Blue Merger Sub, Ltd., a Bermuda exempted company and a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of HoldCo AHL Merger Sub ), and Green Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of HoldCo AAM Merger Sub ). At the closing of the transactions, AHL Merger Sub merged with and into AHL (the AHL Merger ), with AHL as the surviving entity in the AHL Merger and a subsidiary of HoldCo, and AAM Merger Sub merged with and into AAM (the AAM Merger and, together with the AHL Merger, the Mergers with AAM as the surviving entity in the AAM Merger and a subsidiary of HoldCo. 
 In connection with the closing of the Mergers, HoldCo was renamed Apollo Global Management, Inc. Following the closing of the Mergers, all of the common shares of AHL and AAM are owned by AGM. 
 In connection with the closing of the Mergers, the Company completed a corporate recapitalization (the Corporate Recapitalization which resulted in the recapitalization of AGM from an umbrella partnership C corporation Up-C structure to a corporation with a single class of common stock with vote per share. 
 Griffin Capital Contributions 
 On March 1, 2022, AGM, the parent company of AAM, completed the acquisition of Griffin Capital s U.S. wealth distribution business. On May 3, 2022, AGM completed the acquisition of Griffin Capital s U.S. asset management business. On the dates of each acquisition, AGM concurrently executed agreements pursuant to which AGM contributed its interests in the respective Griffin Capital businesses to subsidiaries of AAM. 
 -87- 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO ASSET MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in thousands, except share data, except where noted) 

 2. 
 -88- 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO ASSET MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in thousands, except share data, except where noted) 

million in funds for APSG II as of December 31, 2022 is restricted for use and may only be used for purposes of completing an initial business combination or redemption of public shares as set forth in APSG II s trust agreement. Refer to note 14 for further detail. 
 -89- 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO ASSET MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in thousands, except share data, except where noted) 

 million in funds as of December 31, 2022 are restricted for use and may only be used for purposes of completing an initial business combination or redemption of public shares as set forth in the trust agreement. Refer to note 14 for further detail. 
 -90- 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO ASSET MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in thousands, except share data, except where noted) 

 -91- 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO ASSET MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in thousands, except share data, except where noted) 

-92- 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO ASSET MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in thousands, except share data, except where noted) 

See note 14 for further disclosure of transactions with related parties. 

The Company performed its annual goodwill impairment test as of October 1, 2022 and 2021 and did identify any impairment. 
 -93- 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO ASSET MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in thousands, except share data, except where noted) 

 million of revenue recognized during the year ended December 31, 2022 that was previously deferred as of January 1, 2022. 
 Under the terms of the funds partnership agreements, Apollo is normally required to bear organizational expenses over a set dollar amount and placement fees or costs in connection with the offering and sale of interests in the funds it manages to investors. In cases where the limited partners of the funds are determined to be the customer in an arrangement, placement fees may be capitalized as a cost to acquire a customer contract, and amortized over the life of the customer contract. Capitalized placement fees are recorded within other assets in the consolidated statements of financial condition, while amortization is recorded within general, administrative and other in the consolidated statements of operations. In certain instances, the placement fees are paid over a period of time. Based on the management agreements with the funds, Apollo considers placement fees and organizational costs paid in determining if cash has been received in excess of the management fees earned. Placement fees and organizational costs are normally the obligation of Apollo but can be paid for by the funds. When these costs are paid by the fund, the resulting obligations are included within deferred revenue. The deferred revenue balance will also be reduced during future periods when management fees are earned but not paid. 
 
 Refer to note 14 for further detail. 
 -94- 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO ASSET MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in thousands, except share data, except where noted) 

 Refer to disclosures below for additional information on each of the Company s revenue streams. 
 
 -95- 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO ASSET MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in thousands, except share data, except where noted) 

Compensation and Benefits 
 -96- 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO ASSET MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in thousands, except share data, except where noted) 

 Apollo may also use dividends it receives from investments in certain perpetual capital vehicles to compensate employees. These amounts are recorded as compensation and benefits in the consolidated statements of operations for asset management. 
 of eligible annual employee contributions up to of the eligible employees annual compensation. Matching contributions vest after of service. 

-97- 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO ASSET MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in thousands, except share data, except where noted) 

-98- 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO ASSET MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in thousands, except share data, except where noted) 

3. 
 reportable segments, asset management and principal investing. The Company conducted interim impairment testing immediately prior and subsequent to the reorganization and determined there to be impairment of historical goodwill. 
 Principal Investing Total Goodwill 
 The Company s parent, AGM, acquired Griffin Capital s U.S. wealth distribution business and U.S. asset management business in separate closings on March 1, 2022 and May 3, 2022 and recorded goodwill of million and million, respectively, on each acquisition date. AGM concurrently executed agreements on each acquisition date to contribute its interests in the Griffin Capital businesses to subsidiaries of AAM and applied pushdown accounting, including for the recognition of these goodwill amounts. As a result, AAM records these amounts as goodwill in the consolidated statements of financial condition. 
 -99- 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO ASSET MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in thousands, except share data, except where noted) 

 4. 
 Equity method investments Performance allocations U.S. Treasury Securities, at fair value Total Investments 
 Investments, at Fair Value 
 Investments, at fair value, consist of investments for which the fair value option has been elected and primarily include the Company s investment in Athora, other strategic investments, investments in debt of unconsolidated CLOs and, as of December 31, 2021, also included the Company s investment in Athene Holding. Changes in the fair value related to these investments are presented in net gains (losses) from investment activities except for certain investments for which the Company is entitled to receive performance allocations. For those investments, changes in fair value are presented in principal investment income and are included within investment income in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 Prior to the Mergers, the Company s equity investment in Athene Holding, for which the fair value option was elected, met the significance criteria as defined by the SEC, as of December 31, 2021. 
 During the first quarter of 2022, the Company s investment in Athene Holding was distributed to AGM. 
 Assets Liabilities Equity 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 (1) 
 2021 2020 (in millions) Statements of Operations Revenues ) Benefits and expenses Income (loss) before income taxes ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) Net income (loss) ) Less: Net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests ) ) Net income (loss) available to Athene Holding Ltd. shareholders ) Less: Preferred stock dividends Net income (loss) available to Athene Holding Ltd. common shareholders ) (1) Reflects financial information for the quarter ended March 31, 2022. 
 
 -100- 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO ASSET MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in thousands, except share data, except where noted) 

 ) Net change in unrealized gains (losses) due to changes in fair value ) Net gains (losses) from investment activities ) 
 Assets Liabilities Equity 
 Statement of Operations For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 (1) 
 2021 (1) 
 2020 (1) 
 Revenues/Investment Income Expenses Net Investment Income (Loss) Net Realized and Unrealized Gain (Loss) Net Income (Loss) (1) Certain fund amounts are as of and for the twelve months ended September 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020 and exclude amounts related to Athene Holding. 
 
 Performance Allocations 
 Change in fair value of funds Fund distributions to the Company ) Performance allocations, December 31, 2021 
 Change in fair value of funds Fund distributions to the Company ) Performance allocations, December 31, 2022 
 The change in fair value of funds excludes the general partner obligation to return previously distributed performance allocations, which is recorded in due to related parties in the consolidated statements of financial condition. See note 14 for further disclosure regarding the general partner obligation. 
 The timing of the payment of performance allocations due to the general partner or investment manager varies depending on the terms of the applicable fund agreements. Performance allocations with respect to certain funds are payable and are distributed to 
 -101- 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO ASSET MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in thousands, except share data, except where noted) 

5. 
 billion and billion as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 Profit sharing expense Payments/other ) Profit sharing payable, December 31, 2021 
 Profit sharing expense Payments/other ) Profit sharing payable, December 31, 2022 
 
 Profit sharing expense includes (i) changes in amounts payable to employees and former employees entitled to a share of performance revenues in funds managed by Apollo and (ii) changes to the fair value of the contingent consideration obligations recognized in connection with certain Apollo acquisitions. Profit sharing expense excludes the potential return of profit sharing distributions that would be due if certain funds were liquidated, which is recorded in due from related parties in the consolidated statements of financial condition. See note 14 for further disclosure regarding the potential return of profit sharing distributions. 
 As discussed in note 2, under certain profit sharing arrangements, the Company requires that a portion of certain of the performance revenues distributed to its employees be used to purchase restricted shares of AGM s common stock issued under AGM s Equity Plan. Prior to distribution of the performance revenues, the Company records the value of the equity-based awards expected to be granted in other assets and other liabilities within the consolidated statements of financial condition. See note 8 for further disclosure regarding deferred equity-based compensation. 
 
 6. 
 days, debt held at amortized cost, short-term payables and repurchase agreements. 
 Included within liabilities of the consolidated VIEs are notes payable related to certain funds managed by the Company. Each series of notes in a respective consolidated VIE participates in distributions from the VIE, including principal and interest from underlying investments. Amounts allocated to the noteholders reflect amounts that would be distributed if the VIE s assets were liquidated for cash equal to their respective carrying values, its liabilities satisfied in accordance with their terms, and all the remaining amounts distributed to the noteholders. The respective VIEs that issue the notes payable are marked at their prevailing net asset value, which approximates fair value. 
 -102- 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO ASSET MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in thousands, except share data, except where noted) 

 ) Net gains from debt Interest and other income Interest and other expenses ) ) ) Net gains from investment activities of consolidated variable interest entities (1) Amounts reflect consolidation eliminations. 
 
 Senior Secured Notes, Subordinated Notes, Subscription Lines and Secured Borrowings 
 Included within debt, at fair value, notes payable, and other liabilities are amounts due to third-party institutions by the consolidated VIEs. 
 N/A N/A Subordinated Notes (2) 
 N/A N/A N/A (1) 
 Subscription Lines (2) 
 N/A N/A Secured Borrowings (2)(3) 
 N/A N/A Total (1) The principal outstanding balance of the subordinated notes do not have contractual interest rates but instead receive distributions from the excess cash flows of the VIEs. 
 (2) The notes, subscription lines and borrowings of the consolidated VIEs are collateralized by assets held by each respective vehicle and assets of one vehicle may not be used to satisfy the liabilities of another vehicle. 
 (3) As of December 31, 2021, secured borrowings consist of consolidated VIEs obligations through a repurchase agreement redeemable at maturity with third party lenders. The fair value of the secured borrowings as of December 31, 2021 approximates principal outstanding due to the short term nature of the borrowings. These secured borrowings are classified as a Level III liability within the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 Repurchase Agreements 
 (1) Included in other liabilities of consolidated variable interest entities on the consolidated statements of financial condition. 
 
 -103- 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO ASSET MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in thousands, except share data, except where noted) 

 Loans backed by commercial real estate Total Note: These repurchase agreements are carried at cost which approximates fair value and is classified as Level II of the fair value hierarchy. 
 Reverse Repurchase Agreements 
 As of December 31, 2022, fair value of collateral received under reverse repurchase agreements was million and fair value of collateral rehypothecated was million. 
 Unconsolidated Variable Interest Entities 
 The Company holds variable interests in certain VIEs which are not consolidated, as it has been determined that Apollo is not the primary beneficiary. 
 (1) Represents Apollo s direct investment in those entities in which Apollo holds a significant variable interest and certain other investments. Additionally, cumulative performance allocations are subject to reversal in the event of future losses, as discussed in note 15. 
 (2) Some amounts included are a quarter in arrears. 

7. 
 Restricted cash and cash equivalents (2) 
 Cash and cash equivalents of VIEs U.S. Treasury securities (3) 
 Investments, at fair value (4) 
 Investments of VIEs, at fair value Due from related parties (5) 
 Derivative assets (6) 
 Total Assets Liabilities Other liabilities of VIEs, at fair value Contingent consideration obligations (7) 
 Other liabilities (8) 
 Derivative liabilities (6) 
 Total Liabilities 
 
 -104- 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO ASSET MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in thousands, except share data, except where noted) 

 Restricted cash and cash equivalents (2) 
 Cash and cash equivalents of VIEs U.S. Treasury securities (3) 
 Investments Investment in Athene Holding Other investments (4) 
 Total investments Investments of VIEs, at fair value Due from related parties (5) 
 Derivative assets (6) 
 Total Assets Liabilities Debt of VIEs, at fair value Other liabilities of VIEs, at fair value Contingent consideration obligations (7) 
 Other liabilities (8) 
 Derivative liabilities (6) 
 Total Liabilities (1) Cash and cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 includes million and million, respectively, of cash and cash equivalents held by consolidated SPACs. Refer to note 14 for further information. 
 (2) Restricted cash and cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 includes billion and million, respectively, of restricted cash and cash equivalents held by consolidated SPACs. Refer to note 14 for further information. 
 (3) U.S. Treasury securities as of December 31, 2021 includes billion of U.S. Treasury securities held by consolidated SPACs. Refer to note 14 for further information. 
 (4) Investments as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 excludes million and million, respectively, of performance allocations classified as Level III related to certain investments for which the Company elected the fair value option. The Company s policy is to account for performance allocations as investments. 
 (5) Due from related parties represents a receivable from a fund. 
 (6) Derivative assets and derivative liabilities are presented as a component of Other assets and Other liabilities, respectively, in the consolidated statements of financial condition. 
 (7) Profit sharing payable includes contingent obligations classified as Level III. 
 (8) Other liabilities as of December 31, 2022 includes the publicly traded warrants of APSG II. Other liabilities as of December 31, 2021 includes the publicly traded warrants of APSG I and APSG II. 
 
 -105- 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO ASSET MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in thousands, except share data, except where noted) 

 Net transfer in (out) due to consolidation (deconsolidation) ) ) Purchases Sale of investments/distributions ) ) ) Changes in net unrealized gains (losses) Cumulative translation adjustment ) ) ) Transfer into Level III (1) 
 Transfer out of Level III (1) 
 ) ) Balance, End of Period Change in net unrealized gains included in investment income (loss) related to investments still held at reporting date Change in net unrealized gains included in net gains from investment activities of consolidated VIEs related to investments still held at reporting date 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 Other Investments Investments of Consolidated VIEs Total Balance, Beginning of Period Transfer out due to deconsolidation ) ) Purchases Sale of investments/distributions ) ) ) Net realized gains (losses) Changes in net unrealized gains (losses) Cumulative translation adjustment ) ) ) Transfer into Level III (1) 
 Transfer out of Level III (1) 
 ) ) ) Balance, End of Period Change in net unrealized gains included in investment income (loss) related to investments still held at reporting date Change in net unrealized gains included in net gains from investment activities of consolidated VIEs related to investments still held at reporting date (1) Transfers between Level II and III were a result of subjecting the broker quotes on these financial assets to various criteria which include the number and quality of broker quotes, the standard deviation of obtained broker quotes and the percentage deviation from external pricing services. 
 
 -106- 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO ASSET MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in thousands, except share data, except where noted) 

 Transfer out due to deconsolidation ) ) Issuances Payments ) ) ) Net realized (gains) losses ) ) Changes in net unrealized (gains) losses (1) 
 ) ) ) Cumulative translation adjustment ) ) Balance, End of Period 
 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 Contingent Consideration Obligations Debt and Other Liabilities of Consolidated VIEs Total Balance, Beginning of Period Issuances Payments ) ) ) Changes in net unrealized (gains) losses (1) 
 Cumulative translation adjustment ) ) Transfers into Level III (2) 
 Balance, End of Period Change in net unrealized gains included in net gains from investment activities of consolidated VIEs related to debt and other liabilities still held at reporting date (1) Changes in fair value of contingent consideration obligations are recorded in profit sharing expense in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 (2) Transfers between Level II and III were a result of subjecting the broker quotes on these financial assets to various criteria which include the number and quality of broker quotes, the standard deviation of obtained broker quotes and the percentage deviation from independent pricing services. 
 
 -107- 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO ASSET MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in thousands, except share data, except where noted) 

 Embedded value N/A N/A N/A Discounted cash flow Discount rate 8.9 - 52.8 Adjusted transaction value N/A N/A N/A Due from related parties Discounted cash flow Discount rate Derivative assets Option model Volatility rate Investments of consolidated VIEs: Equity securities Dividend discount model Discount rate Bank loans Discounted cash flow Discount rate 6.4 - 32.7 Adjusted transaction value N/A N/A N/A Bonds Discounted cash flow Discount rate Warrants Discounted cash flow Discount rate Total Financial Assets Financial Liabilities Contingent Consideration Obligation Discounted cash flow Discount rate 20.0 - 25.0 Total Financial Liabilities 
 As of December 31, 2021 Fair Value Valuation Techniques Unobservable Inputs Ranges Weighted Average (1) 
 Financial Assets Other investments Embedded value N/A N/A N/A Discounted cash flow Discount rate 14.0 - 52.8 Adjusted transaction value N/A N/A N/A Due from related parties Discounted cash flow Discount rate Investments of consolidated VIEs: Equity securities Discounted cash flow Discount rate 3.0 - 19.0 Dividend discount model Discount rate Market comparable companies NTAV multiple 1.25x 1.25x Adjusted transaction value Purchase multiple 1.25x 1.25x Adjusted transaction value N/A N/A N/A Bank loans Discounted cash flow Discount rate 1.8 - 15.6 Adjusted transaction value N/A N/A N/A Profit participating notes Discounted cash flow Discount rate 8.7 - 12.5 Adjusted transaction value N/A N/A N/A Real estate Discounted cash flow Capitalization rate 4.0 - 5.8 Discounted cash flow Discount rate 5.0 - 12.5 Discounted cash flow Terminal capitalization rate Direct capitalization Capitalization rate 5.5 - 8.5 Direct capitalization Terminal capitalization rate 6.0 - 12.0 Bonds Discounted cash flow Discount rate 4.0 - 7.0 Third party pricing N/A N/A N/A 
 -108- 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO ASSET MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in thousands, except share data, except where noted) 

 Discounted cash flow Discount rate 11.8 -12.5 Adjusted transaction value N/A N/A N/A Total Investments of Consolidated VIEs Total Financial Assets Financial Liabilities Liabilities of Consolidated VIEs: Secured loans Discounted cash flow Discount rate 1.4 - 10.0 Subordinated notes Discounted cash flow Discount rate 4.5 - 11.9 Participating equity Discounted cash flow Discount rate Other liabilities Discounted cash flow Discount rate 3.7 - 9.3 Total Liabilities of Consolidated VIEs Contingent Consideration Obligation Discounted cash flow Discount rate Total Financial Liabilities 
 N/A Not applicable 
 EBITDA Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization 
 NTAV Net tangible asset value 
 (1) Unobservable inputs were weighted based on the fair value of the investments included in the range. 
 Fair Value Measurement of Investment in Athene Holding 
 At December 31, 2021, the fair value of Apollo s Level I investment in Athene Holding was estimated using the closing market price of Athene Holding shares of . Following the Mergers, as of December 31, 2022, AAM no longer holds an interest in AHL as further described in note 14. 
 Discounted Cash Flow Model 
 When a discounted cash flow model is used to determine fair value, the significant input used in the valuation model is the discount rate applied to present value the projected cash flows. Increases in the discount rate can significantly lower the fair value of an investment and the contingent consideration obligations; conversely decreases in the discount rate can significantly increase the fair value of an investment and the contingent consideration obligations. 
 Consolidated VIEs Investments 
 The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of the equity securities include the discount rate applied, purchase multiple and net tangible asset value in the valuation models. These unobservable inputs in isolation can cause significant increases or decreases in fair value. The discount rate is determined based on the market rates an investor would expect for a similar investment with similar risks. 
 The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of bank loans, bonds, profit participating notes, warrants and other equity investments are discount rates. Significant increases (decreases) in discount rates would result in significantly lower (higher) fair value measurements. 
 The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of real estate are discount rates and capitalization rates. Significant increases (decreases) in any discount rates or capitalization rates in isolation would result in significantly lower (higher) fair value measurements. 
 Certain investments of VIEs are valued using the NAV per share equivalent calculated by the investment manager as a practical expedient to determine an independent fair value. 
 -109- 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO ASSET MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in thousands, except share data, except where noted) 

 -110- 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO ASSET MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in thousands, except share data, except where noted) 

 -111- 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO ASSET MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in thousands, except share data, except where noted) 

 8. 
 Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Fixed assets, net Deferred equity-based compensation (1) 
 Intangible assets, net (2) 
 Commitment asset (3) 
 Prepaid expenses Tax receivables Other Total Other Assets (1) Deferred equity-based compensation relates to the value of equity-based awards that have been or are expected to be granted in connection with the settlement of certain profit sharing arrangements. A corresponding amount for awards expected to be granted of million and million, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, is included in other liabilities on the consolidated statements of financial condition. 
 (2) Includes intangible assets from the acquisition of Griffin Capital's U.S. asset management business. 
 (3) Represents a commitment from an institutional investor as part of a strategic transaction. 
 
 Depreciation expense was million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and is presented as a component of general, administrative and other expense in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 Accumulated amortization ) ) Intangible assets, net 
 The changes in intangible assets, net consist of the following and includes approximately million and million of indefinite-lived intangible assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Balance, beginning of year Amortization expense ) ) ) Acquisitions / additions, net of disposal (1) 
 Balance, end of year (1) Includes intangible assets from the acquisition of Griffin Capital's U.S. asset management business for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

There was impairment of indefinite lived intangible assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 -112- 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO ASSET MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in thousands, except share data, except where noted) 

 9. 
 
 The following table presents supplemental cash flow information related to operating leases: 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Operating cash flows for operating leases 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less imputed interest ) Present value of lease payments 
 The Company has undiscounted future operating lease payments of million related to leases that have not commenced that were entered into as of December 31, 2022. Such lease payments are not yet included in the table above or the Company s consolidated statements of financial condition as lease assets and lease liabilities. These operating leases are anticipated to commence in 2023 or later with lease terms of approximately to years. 
 Weighted average discount rate 
 -113- 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO ASSET MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in thousands, except share data, except where noted) 

 10. 
 million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company s effective tax rate was , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Foreign income tax (1) 
 State and local income tax Subtotal Deferred: Federal income tax Foreign income tax (1) 
 ) ) State and local income tax ) Subtotal Total Income Tax Provision (1) The foreign income tax provision was derived from million, million and million of pre-tax income generated in foreign jurisdictions for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 On August 16, 2022, the U.S. government enacted the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IRA ). The IRA contains a number of tax-related provisions including a 15 minimum corporate income tax on certain large corporations as well as an excise tax on stock repurchases. It is unclear how the IRA will be implemented by the U.S. Department of the Treasury through regulation. The Company is evaluating the impact of the IRA on its tax liability, which tax liability could also be affected by how the provisions of the IRA are implemented through such regulation. The Company will continue to evaluate the IRA s impact as further information becomes available. 
 The primary jurisdictions in which the Company operates and incurs income taxes are the United States and the United Kingdom. There are no unremitted earnings with respect to the United Kingdom and other foreign entities. 
 Income Passed Through to Non-controlling interests ) ) ) State and Local Income Taxes (net of Federal Benefit) Impact of Merger ) Impact of Corporate Conversion Impact of Foreign Taxes (net of Foreign Tax Credit) Impact of Equity-Based Compensation ) ) Other Effective Income Tax Rate 
 Deferred income taxes are recorded due to temporary differences between the tax basis of an asset or liability and its reported amount in the consolidated statements of financial condition. These temporary differences result in taxable or deductible amounts in future years. 
 -114- 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO ASSET MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in thousands, except share data, except where noted) 

 U.S. federal net operating loss NOL carryforwards and million of state and local net operating loss carryforwards that will begin to expire after 2035. The Company had foreign tax credit carryforwards as of December 31, 2022. 
 The Company considered its historic and current year earnings, business forecasts, enacted tax law, and other sources of income in evaluating whether a valuation allowance should be established on deferred tax assets. The Company concluded that it is more likely than not that its deferred tax assets will be realized, and valuation allowance was needed as of December 31, 2022. 
 Net operating loss carryforwards Deferred Revenue Equity-based compensation Basis difference in investments Other Total Deferred Tax Assets Deferred Tax Liabilities: Unrealized gains from investments Other Total Deferred Tax Liabilities Total Deferred Tax Assets, Net 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company has unrecognized tax benefits of million, which, if recognized, would impact the effective tax rate. The Company does not believe that it has any tax positions for which it is reasonably possible that it will be required to record significant amounts of unrecognized tax benefits within the next twelve months. The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in our provision for income taxes. During 2022, and as of December 31, 2022, the Company accrued interest of million. 
 In the normal course of business, the Company is subject to examination by U.S. federal, state, local and foreign tax authorities. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s U.S. federal, state, local and foreign income tax returns for the years 2019 through 2021 are open under the general statute of limitations provisions and therefore subject to examination. Currently, the Internal Revenue Service is examining the tax returns of the Company and certain subsidiaries for the 2019 and 2020 tax years. The State and City of New York are examining certain subsidiaries tax returns for tax years 2011 to 2020. The United Kingdom tax authorities are currently examining certain subsidiaries tax returns for tax year 2017 and 2020. There are other examinations ongoing in other foreign jurisdictions, which the Company operates. No provisions with respect to these examinations have been recorded, other than the unrecognized tax benefits discussed above. 
 Increases based on tax positions taken in the prior years Balance at end of period 
 The Company has historically recorded deferred tax assets resulting from the step-up in the tax basis of assets, including intangibles resulting from exchanges of AOG Units for Class A shares by the Former Managing Partners and Contributing Partners. A related liability has historically been recorded in Due to Related Parties in the consolidated statements of financial 
 -115- 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO ASSET MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in thousands, except share data, except where noted) 

 years. The realization of the remaining portion of the increase in tax basis relates to the disposition of the underlying assets to which the step-up is attributed. The associated deferred tax assets reverse at the time of the corresponding asset disposition. 

11. 
 (4) 
 (4) 
 4.40 2026 Senior Notes (1)(2) 
 May 27, 2026 (4) 
 (4) 
 4.87 2029 Senior Notes (1)(2) 
 February 15, 2029 (4) 
 (4) 
 2.65 2030 Senior Notes (1)(2) 
 June 5, 2030 (4) 
 (4) 
 4.77 2039 Senior Secured Guaranteed Notes (1)(2) 
 
 (5) 
 (3) 
 5.00 2048 Senior Notes (1)(2) 
 March 15, 2048 (4) 
 (4) 
 4.95 2050 Subordinated Notes (1)(2) 
 January 14, 2050 (4) 
 (4) 
 1.70 Secured Borrowing II (1) 
 April 15, 2032 (4) 
 (6) 
 1.30 2016 AMI Term Facility I (1) 
 January 15, 2025 (3) 
 (6) 
 1.40 2016 AMI Term Facility II (1) 
 July 23, 2023 (3) 
 (6) 
 Total Debt (1) Interest rate is calculated as weighted average annualized. 
 (2) Includes amortization of note discount, as applicable, totaling million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Outstanding balance is presented net of unamortized debt issuance costs. 
 (3) Fair value is based on a discounted cash flow method. These notes are classified as a Level III liability within the fair value hierarchy. 
 (4) Fair value is based on obtained broker quotes. These notes are classified as a Level II liability within the fair value hierarchy based on the number and quality of broker quotes obtained, the standard deviations of the observed broker quotes and the percentage deviation from external pricing services. 
 (5) There is no outstanding balance as of December 31, 2022. These notes were transferred to a VIE consolidated by Athene during the three months ended March 31, 2022. 
 (6) Fair value is based on obtained broker quotes. These notes are classified as a Level III liability within the fair value hierarchy based on the number and quality of broker quotes obtained, the standard deviations of the observed broker quotes and the percentage deviation from external pricing services. For instances where broker quotes are not available, a discounted cash flow method is used to obtain a fair value. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the indentures governing the 2024 Senior Notes, the 2026 Senior Notes, the 2029 Senior Notes, the 2030 Senior Notes, the 2048 Senior Notes and the 2050 Subordinated Notes (the Indentures include covenants that restrict the ability of AMH and, as applicable, the guarantors of the notes under the Indentures to incur indebtedness secured by liens on voting stock or profit participating equity interests of their respective subsidiaries, or merge, consolidate or sell, transfer or lease assets. The Indentures also provide for customary events of default. 
 Apollo s debt obligations contain various customary loan covenants. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was not aware of any instances of non-compliance with the financial covenants contained in the documents governing the Company s debt obligations. 
 -116- 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO ASSET MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in thousands, except share data, except where noted) 

 billion undrawn 2022 AMH credit facility as of December 31, 2022 was . 
 
 On October 12, 2022, AMH, as borrower, entered into a new billion revolving credit facility with Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent, which matures on October 12, 2027 2022 AMH credit facility ). Borrowings under the 2022 AMH credit facility may be used for working capital and general corporate purposes, including, without limitation, permitted acquisitions. As of December 31, 2022, AMH, the borrower under the facility, could incur incremental facilities in an aggregate amount not to exceed million plus additional amounts so long as AMH was in compliance with a net leverage ratio not to exceed to 1.00. 
 As of December 31, 2022, there were amounts outstanding under the 2022 AMH credit facility and the Company was in compliance with all financial covenants under the facility. 
 (1) Debt issuance costs incurred are amortized into interest expense over the term of the debt arrangement, as applicable. 
 
 2026 Senior Notes 2029 Senior Notes 2030 Senior Notes 2048 Senior Notes 2050 Subordinated Notes Secured Borrowing II 2016 AMI Term Facility I 2016 AMI Term Facility II Total Obligations as of December 31, 2022 
 
 12. 
 
 -117- 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO ASSET MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in thousands, except share data, except where noted) 

 from the date of grant. Certain service-based awards are tied to profit sharing arrangements in which a portion of the performance fees distributed to the general partner are required to be used by employees to purchase restricted shares of common stock or is delivered in the form of RSUs, which are granted under AGM s Equity Plan. Performance-based awards vest subject to continued employmen t and AGM s achievement of specified performance goals. In accordance with U.S. GAAP, equity-based compensation expense for performance grants are typically recognized on an accelerated recognition method over the requisite service period to the extent the performance revenue metrics are met or deemed probable. Equity-based awards that do not require future service (i.e., vested awards) are expensed immediately. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, AAM recorded equity-based compensation expense of million, billion and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, there was million of estimated unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested RSU awards. This cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 Marketability discount for transfer restrictions (2) 
 Bonus Grants: Marketability discount for transfer restrictions (2) 
 Performance Grants: Discount for the lack of distributions until vested (1) 
 Marketability discount for transfer restrictions (2) 
 (1) Based on the present value of a growing annuity calculation. 
 (2) Based on the Finnerty Model calculation. 
 
 Service-Based Awards 
 Durin g the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, AGM awarded service-based RSUs of million, million and million, respectively, with a grant date fair value of million, million and million, respectively. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded equity-based compensation expense on service-based RSUs of million, million and million, respectively. 
 Performance-Based Awards 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, AGM awarded performance-based RSUs of million, million, and million, respectively, with a grant date fair value of million, million and million, respectively, which primarily vest subject to continued employment and the Company s receipt of performance revenues, within prescribed periods, sufficient to cover the associated equity-based compensation. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded equity-based compensation expense on performance-based awards of million, million and million, respectively. 
 During the year-ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued awards where the number of shares to be granted is variable based on the achievement of specified performance targets. Compensation expense is recognized over the performance period based upon the probable outcome of the performance condition and the performance-based compensation is classified as a liability, and therefore, the fair value is remeasured each reporting period. Given the number of shares to be issued in settlement of these awards is not yet known, the tables below exclude the impact of these awards. 
 In December 2021, the Company awarded one-time grants t o the Company s Co-P residents of million RSUs which vest on a cliff basis subject to continued employment over , with million of those RSUs also subject to AGM s achievement 
 -118- 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO ASSET MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in thousands, except share data, except where noted) 

 million for service-based awards and million for performance-based awards, each related to these one-time grants. 
 RSUs assumed in the Mergers Granted Forfeited ) ) ) Vested ) Issued ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 Restricted Stock Awards 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, AGM awarded million, million and million restricted stock awards, respectively, from profit sharing arrangements with a grant date fair value of million, million and million, respectively. Additionally, million transfer-restricted shares were granted as fully vested restricted stock awards during 2022 in an exchange for unvested performance fee rights that related to the Co-Presidents o ne-time RSUs that were awarded in 2021. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded equity-based compensation expense related to restricted stock awards from profit sharing arrangements of million, million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 there was million of total unrecognized equity-based compensation expense related to unvested restricted share awards, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average term of years. 
 Granted Forfeited ) ) Vested ) Issued (1) 
 ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 (1) Refers to issued shares that became freely transferable in 2022. 

13. 
 Series A Preferred shares and Series B Preferred shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 
 Dividends on the Preferred shares are discretionary and non-cumulative. During 2022, quarterly cash dividends were per Series A Preferred share and Series B Preferred share. 
 Subject to certain exceptions, unless dividends have been declared and paid or declared and set apart for payment on the Preferred shares for a quarterly dividend period, during the remainder of that dividend period Apollo may not declare or pay or set apart payment for dividends on any shares of common stock or any other equity securities that the Company may issue in 
 -119- 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO ASSET MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in thousands, except share data, except where noted) 

 per share, plus declared and unpaid dividends to, but excluding, the redemption date, without payment of any undeclared dividends. Holders of the Preferred shares have no right to require the redemption of the Preferred shares and there is no maturity date. 
 If a certain change of control event or a certain tax redemption event occurs prior to March 15, 2023 for the Series B Preferred shares, the Series B Preferred shares may be redeemed at Apollo s option, in whole but not in part, upon at least days notice, within days of the occurrence of such change of control event or such tax redemption event, as applicable, at a price of per share, plus declared and unpaid dividends to, but excluding, the redemption date, without payment of any undeclared dividends. If a certain rating agency event occurs prior to March 15, 2023, the Series B Preferred shares may be redeemed at Apollo s option, in whole but not in part, upon at least days notice, within days of the occurrence of such rating agency event, at a price of per share, plus declared and unpaid dividends to, but excluding, the redemption date, without payment of any undeclared dividends. If (i) a change of control event occurs and (ii) Apollo does not give notice prior to the 31st day following the change of control event to redeem all the outstanding Preferred shares, the dividend rate per annum on the Preferred shares will increase by , beginning on the 31st day following such change of control event. 
 The Preferred shares are not convertible into common stock and have no voting rights, except in limited circumstances as provided in the Company s certificate of incorporation. 
 Dividends 
 On February 9, 2023, the Company declared a cash dividend of per share of Series A Preferred shares and Series B Preferred shares, which will be paid on March 15, 2023 to holders of record at the close of business on March 1, 2023. 
 Non-Controlling Interests 
 Other consolidated entities Net income attributable to non-controlling interests in consolidated entities Net income attributable to non-controlling interests in the Apollo Operating Group: Net income Net income attributable to non-controlling interests in consolidated entities ) ) ) Net income after non-controlling interests in consolidated entities Adjustments: Income tax provision (2) 
 NYC UBT and foreign tax benefit (3) 
 ) ) ) Net income in non-Apollo Operating Group entities ) ) Series A Preferred share dividends ) ) ) Series B Preferred share dividends ) ) ) Total adjustments Net income after adjustments Weighted average ownership percentage of Apollo Operating Group Net income attributable to non-controlling interests in Apollo Operating Group 
 -120- 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO ASSET MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in thousands, except share data, except where noted) 

 Other comprehensive loss attributable to non-controlling interests ) ) Comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling interests (1) Reflects the remaining interest held by certain individuals who receive an allocation of income from certain of the yield funds managed by Apollo. 
 (2) Reflects all taxes recorded in our consolidated statements of operations. Of this amount, U.S. federal, state, and local corporate income taxes attributable to the Company are added back to income of the Apollo Operating Group before calculating non-controlling interests as the income allocable to the Apollo Operating Group is not subject to such taxes. 
 (3) Reflects NYC UBT and foreign taxes that are attributable to the Apollo Operating Group and its subsidiaries related to its operations in the U.S. as partnerships and in non-U.S. jurisdictions as corporations. As such, these amounts are considered in the income attributable to the Apollo Operating Group. 
 
 Redeemable Non-Controlling Interests 
 As discussed in note 2, redeemable non-controlling interests primarily represent the shares issued by the Company s consolidated SPACs. 
 Redemption of non-controlling interests ) Deconsolidation of SPAC ) Net issuances of redeemable non-controlling interests Accretion of redeemable non-controlling interests Balance at end of period 
 
 14. 
 
 Due from employees and former employees Due from portfolio companies Due from parent Incentive fees receivable Total Due from Related Parties Due to Related Parties: Due to Former Managing Partners and Contributing Partners (2) 
 Due to parent Due to funds Total Due to Related Parties (1) Includes million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, related to a receivable from a fund in connection with the Company s sale of a platform investment to such fund. The amount is payable to the Company over five years and is held at fair value. 
 (2) Includes million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, related to the purchase of limited partnership interests, payable in equal installments through December 31, 2024. 
 
 -121- 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO ASSET MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in thousands, except share data, except where noted) 

 of the amount of cash savings, if any, in U.S. federal, state, local and foreign income taxes that Apollo realizes as a result of the increases in tax basis of assets that resulted from transactions and other exchanges of AOG Units for Class A shares that occurred in prior years. AGM and its subsidiaries retain the benefit from the remaining of actual cash tax savings. If the Company does not make the required annual payment on a timely basis as outlined in the TRA, interest is accrued on the balance until the payment date. 
 Following the closing of the Mergers, the Former Managing Partners and Contributing Partners no longer own AOG Units. Therefore, there were no new exchanges subject to the TRA during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 As a result of the exchanges of AOG Units for Class A shares during the year ended December 31, 2021, a million liability was recorded to estimate the amount of the future payments to be made by the Company and its subsidiaries to the Former Managing Partners and Contributing Partners pursuant to the TRA. 
 In April 2022, Apollo made a million cash payment pursuant to the TRA resulting from the realized tax benefit for the 2021 tax year. There was no pro rata distribution made with respect to the April 2022 payment as the Former Managing Partners and Contributing Partners ceased to be partners in the Apollo Operating Group. In April 2021, Apollo made a million cash payment pursuant to the TRA resulting from the realized tax benefit for the 2020 tax year. In connection with the April 2021 payment, the Company made a corresponding pro rata distribution of million per AOG Unit) to the Non-Controlling Interest holders in the Apollo Operating Group. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company remeasured the TRA liability and recorded other income (loss), net of ) million, million, and million respectively, in the consolidated statements of operations. The remeasurement of the TRA liability primarily relates to changes in estimated state and local tax rates and certain steps related to the Mergers. 
 AOG Unit Payment 
 On December 31, 2021, holders of AOG Units (other than Athene and the Company) sold and transferred a portion of such AOG Units to APO Corp., a wholly-owned consolidated subsidiary of the Company, in exchange for an amount equal to multiplied by the total number of AOG Units held by such holders immediately prior to such transaction (such payment, the AOG Unit Payment ). The remainder of the AOG Units held by such holders were exchanged for shares of AGM common stock concurrently with the consummation of the Mergers on January 1, 2022. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding payable amount to Former Managing Partners and Contributing Partners was million, which is payable in equal installments through December 31, 2024. 
 Due from Employees and Former Employees 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, due from employees and former employees includes various amounts due to the Company, including employee loans and return of profit sharing distributions. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the balance included interest-bearing employee loans receivable of million and million respectively. The outstanding principal amount of the loans as well as all accrued and unpaid interest is required to be repaid at the earlier of the eighth anniversary of the date of the relevant loan or at the date of the relevant employee s resignation from the Company. 
 The Company recorded a receivable from certain employees and former employees for the potential return of profit sharing distributions that would be due if certain funds were liquidated as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 of million and million, respectively. 
 -122- 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO ASSET MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in thousands, except share data, except where noted) 

 million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 Due to Funds 
 Based upon an assumed liquidation of certain of the funds the Company manages, the Company has recorded a general partner obligation to return previously distributed performance allocations, which represents amounts due to these funds. The general partner obligation is recognized based upon an assumed liquidation of a fund s net assets as of the reporting date. The actual determination and any required payment of any such general partner obligation would not take place until the final disposition of a fund s investments based on the contractual termination of the fund or as otherwise set forth in the respective governing document of the fund. 
 The Company recorded general partner obligations to return previously distributed performance allocations related to certain funds of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 Athene Fee Arrangement 
 The Company provides asset management and advisory services to Athene, including asset allocation services, direct asset management services, asset and liability matching management, mergers and acquisitions, asset diligence hedging and other asset management services. On March 31, 2022, Athene and Apollo agreed to revise the existing fee arrangements (the amended fee agreement between Athene and Apollo. The Company began recording fees pursuant to the amended fee agreement on January 1, 2022. The amended fee agreement provides for sub-allocation fees which vary based on portfolio allocation differentiation, as described below. 
 per year on the aggregate book value of substantially all of the assets in substantially all of the accounts of or relating to Athene (collectively, the Athene Accounts up to billion (the Backbook Value and per year on all assets in excess of billion (the Incremental Value ), respectively; plus 
 (ii) with respect to each asset in an Athene Account, subject to certain exceptions, that is managed by the Company and that belongs to a specified asset class tier core, core plus, yield, and high alpha ), a sub-allocation fee as follows: 
 -123- 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO ASSET MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in thousands, except share data, except where noted) 

 Core Plus Assets (2) 
 Yield Assets (3) 
 High Alpha Assets (4) 
 Other Assets (5) 
 (1) Core assets include public investment grade corporate bonds, municipal securities, agency residential or commercial mortgage backed securities and obligations of any governmental agency or government sponsored entity that is not expressly backed by the U.S. government. 
 (2) Core plus assets include private investment grade corporate bonds, fixed rate first lien commercial mortgage loans and obligations issued or assumed by a financial institution (such an institution, a financial issuer and determined by Apollo to be Tier 2 Capital under the Basel III recommendations developed by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor to such recommendations). 
 (3) Yield assets include non-agency residential mortgage-backed securities, investment grade collateralized loan obligations, certain asset-backed securities, commercial mortgage-backed securities, emerging market investments, below investment grade corporate bonds, subordinated debt obligations, hybrid securities or surplus notes issued or assumed by a financial issuer, as rated preferred equity, residential mortgage loans, bank loans, investment grade infrastructure debt and certain floating rate commercial mortgage loans. 
 (4) High alpha assets include subordinated commercial mortgage loans, below investment grade collateralized loan obligations, unrated preferred equity, debt obligations originated by MidCap, below investment grade infrastructure debt, certain loans originated directly by Apollo and agency mortgage derivatives. 
 (5) Other Assets include cash, treasuries, equities and alternatives. With respect to equities and alternatives, Apollo earns performance revenues of 0 to 20 . 
 
 Merger Agreement 
 On March 8, 2021, the Company entered into the Merger Agreement with AHL, HoldCo, AHL Merger Sub, and AAM Merger Sub. 
 As of December 31, 2021, the Company held a ownership interest in AHL s Class A common shares. 
 On January 1, 2022, Apollo and Athene completed the previously announced Mergers. Following the closing of the Mergers, all of the common stock of AAM and AHL is owned by AGM and both AAM and AHL became consolidated subsidiaries of AGM. Subsequent to the closing of the Mergers, the Company distributed its interest in AHL s Class A common shares to AGM. 
 Subsequent to the closing of the Mergers, the Company transferred the 2039 Senior Secured Guaranteed Notes to a VIE consolidated by Athene. Similarly, certain of Apollo s general partner fund co-investments were transferred to Athene, which were subsequently transferred to AAA. 
 Athora 
 The Company, through ISGI, provides investment advisory services to certain portfolio companies of funds managed by Apollo and Athora, a strategic platform that acquires or reinsures blocks of insurance business in the European life insurance market (collectively, the Athora Accounts ). The Company had equity commitments outstanding of up to million as of December 31, 2022, subject to certain conditions. 
 Athora Sub-Advised 
 The Company, through ISGI, provides sub-advisory services with respect to a portion of the assets in certain portfolio companies of Apollo funds and the Athora Accounts. The Company broadly refers to Athora Sub-Advised assets as those assets in the Athora Accounts which the Company explicitly sub-advises as well as those assets in the Athora Accounts which are invested directly in funds and investment vehicles Apollo manages. 
 The Company earns a base management fee on the aggregate market value of substantially all of the investment accounts of or relating to Athora and also a sub-advisory fee on the Athora Sub-Advised assets, which varies depending on the specific asset class. 
 On December 15, 2021, the Company executed an amended and restated fee agreement with Athora. The new fee agreement revised the base fee paid to the Company for managing certain assets on behalf of Athora and removed Athora s previous reimbursement of certain costs incurred by Apollo. These changes had retroactive effect to January 1, 2021. 
 -124- 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO ASSET MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in thousands, except share data, except where noted) 

 (1) Consisting of management fees, sub-advisory fees, and performance revenues from Athene and Athora, as applicable. 
 
 Regulated Entities and Affiliated Service Providers 
 Apollo Global Securities, LLC AGS is a registered broker-dealer with the SEC and is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, subject to the minimum net capital requirements of the SEC. AGS was in compliance with these requirements at December 31, 2022. From time to time, AGS, as well as other Apollo affiliates provide services to related parties of Apollo, including Apollo funds and their portfolio companies, whereby the Company or its affiliates earn fees for providing such services. 
 Griffin Capital Securities, LLC GCS is a registered broker-dealer with the SEC and is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, subject to the minimum net capital requirements of the SEC. GCS was in compliance with these requirements as of December 31, 2022. 
 Due to/from parent 
 The Company has receivables from its parent company AGM related to funding operations and expense allocations. The balance outstanding was million as of December 31, 2022. 
 Following the merger with Athene, the Company has a revolving loan agreement with AGM, its parent company, to manage cash balances and to fund liquidity for general corporate use. The balance outstanding on this loan to AGM was million as of December 31, 2022. 
 Investment in SPACs 
 In October 2020, APSG I, a SPAC, completed an initial public offering, ultimately raising total gross proceeds of million. APSG Sponsor, L.P., a subsidiary of Apollo, held Class B ordinary shares of APSG I, and consolidated it as a VIE. In May 2022, APSG I completed a business combination with American Express Global Business Travel. As a result of the business combination, Apollo no longer consolidates APSG I as a VIE. The deconsolidation resulted in an unrealized gain of million, which includes million of unrealized gains related to previously held Class B ordinary shares, which converted to Class A shares of the newly merged entity GBTG ), presented in Net gains from investment activities within Other income in the consolidated statements of operations. Apollo continues to hold a non-controlling interest in GBTG at fair value, elected under the fair value option, which is primarily presented within Investments in the consolidated statements of financial condition. 
 On February 12, 2021, APSG II, a SPAC sponsored by Apollo, completed an initial public offering, raising total gross proceeds of million. APSG Sponsor II, L.P., a subsidiary of Apollo, holds Class B ordinary shares of APSG II, and consolidates APSG II as a VIE. In December 2022, APSG II entered into a non-binding letter of intent regarding a potential initial business combination and now has until May 12, 2023 to complete its initial business combination. 
 On July 13, 2021, Acropolis, a SPAC sponsored by Apollo, completed an initial public offering, ultimately raising total gross proceeds of million. Acropolis Infrastructure Acquisition Sponsor, L.P., a subsidiary of Apollo, holds Class B common stock of Acropolis, and consolidates Acropolis as a VIE. 
 As described in note 2, the Company consolidates entities that are VIEs for which the Company has been designated as the primary beneficiary. Through its interests in the respective sponsors, the Company has the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the economic performance of these SPACs. In addition, the Company s combined interests in these VIEs are significant. Assets and liabilities of the consolidated SPACs are shown within the respective line items of the consolidated financial statements, as outlined below. 
 -125- 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO ASSET MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in thousands, except share data, except where noted) 

 Restricted cash and cash equivalents U.S. Treasury securities, at fair value Other assets Total Assets Liabilities, Redeemable non-controlling interests and Stockholders Equity Liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued expenses Due to related parties Other liabilities Total Liabilities Redeemable non-controlling interests: Redeemable non-controlling interests Stockholders Equity: Additional paid in capital ) ) Retained earnings Total Stockholders Equity ) ) Total Liabilities, Redeemable non-controlling interests and Stockholders Equity 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Expenses: Interest expense General, administrative and other Total Expenses Other Income: Net gains from investment activities Interest income Other income (loss), net ) ) Total Other Income Income (loss) before income tax provision ) ) Income tax provision ) Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Apollo Asset Management, Inc. ) ) 
 
 15. 
 billion. 
 Litigation and Regulatory Matters 
 Apollo is, from time to time, party to various legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business, including claims and lawsuits, reviews, investigations or proceedings by governmental and self-regulatory agencies regarding its business. 
 On August 3, 2017, a complaint was filed in the United States District Court for the Middle District of Florida against AAM, a senior partner of Apollo and a former principal of Apollo by Michael McEvoy on behalf of a purported class of employees of subsidiaries of CEVA Group, LLC CEVA Group who purchased shares in CEVA Investment Limited CIL ), the former 
 -126- 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO ASSET MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in thousands, except share data, except where noted) 

 million and asserts, among other things, claims for violations of the Investment Advisers Act, breach of fiduciary duties, and breach of contract. On December 7, 2018, McEvoy filed his amended complaint in the District Court for the Middle District of Florida. On January 6, 2020, the Florida court granted in part Apollo s motion to dismiss, dismissing McEvoy s Investment Advisers Act claim with prejudice, and denying without prejudice Apollo s motion with respect to the remaining claims, and directing the parties to conduct limited discovery, and submit new briefing, solely with respect to the statute of limitations. On July 30, 2020, Apollo and CEVA filed a joint motion for summary judgment on statute of limitations grounds. On June 29, 2021, the district court issued a decision denying the defendants joint motion for summary judgment on statute of limitations grounds, and set deadlines on July 23, 2021 for the plaintiff to file an amended complaint and August 20, 2021 for defendants to answer or move to dismiss the amended complaint. Plaintiff filed his second amended complaint on July 23, 2021 which added alleged grounds for tolling the statute of limitations. Also on July 23, 2021, the defendants filed a joint motion for reconsideration with respect to aspects of the district court s June 29, 2021 decision. On March 10, 2022, the court granted defendants motion for reconsideration and thereafter entered judgment in defendants favor. On April 7, 2022, Plaintiff filed a motion to alter or amend the court s order of March 10. The defendants, including Apollo, opposed that motion on April 28, 2022. The court denied Plaintiff s motion on May 26, 2022. Plaintiff has appealed the court s decisions to the Eleventh Circuit; the appeal is fully briefed and pending as of this date. Apollo believes that Plaintiff s appeal is without merit. No reasonable estimate of possible loss, if any, can be made at this time. 
 On December 21, 2017, several entities referred to collectively as Harbinger commenced an action in New York Supreme Court captioned Harbinger Capital Partners II LP et al. v. Apollo Global Management LLC, et al. (No. 657515/2017). The complaint named as defendants AAM, and funds managed by Apollo that invested in SkyTerra Communications, Inc. SkyTerra ), among others. The complaint alleged that during the period of Harbinger s various equity and debt investments in SkyTerra from 2004 to 2010, the defendants concealed from Harbinger material defects in SkyTerra technology. The complaint further alleged that Harbinger would not have made investments in SkyTerra totaling approximately billion had it known of the defects, and that the public disclosure of these defects ultimately led to SkyTerra filing for bankruptcy in 2012 (after it had been renamed LightSquared). The complaint sought billion in damages, as well as punitive damages, interest, costs, and fees. On June 12, 2019, Harbinger voluntarily discontinued the state action without prejudice. On June 8, 2020, Harbinger refiled its litigation in New York Supreme Court, captioned Harbinger Capital Partners II, LP et al. v. Apollo Global Management, LLC et al. (No. 652342/2020). The complaint adds new defendants and new claims relating to Harbinger s contention that the new defendants induced Harbinger to buy CCTV One Four Holdings, LLC CCTV to support SkyTerra s network even though they allegedly knew that the network had material defects. On November 23, 2020, Defendants refiled a bankruptcy motion, and on November 24, 2020, filed in the state court a motion to stay the state court proceedings pending a ruling by the bankruptcy court on the bankruptcy motion. On February 1, 2021, the bankruptcy court denied the bankruptcy motion. On March 31, 2021, Defendants filed their motions to dismiss the New York Supreme Court action. Hearings were held on the motions to dismiss on February 15, 2022 and February 18, 2022, and the motions remain pending. Apollo believes the claims in this action are without merit. Because this action is in the early stages, no reasonable estimate of possible loss, if any, can be made at this time. 
 On November 1, 2019, plaintiff Benjamin Fongers filed a putative class action in Illinois Circuit Court, Cook County, against CareerBuilder, LLC CareerBuilder and AAM. Plaintiff alleges that in March 2019, CareerBuilder changed its compensation plan so that sales representatives such as Fongers would (i) receive reduced commissions; and (ii) only be able to receive commissions for accounts they originated that were not reassigned to anyone else, a departure from the earlier plan. Plaintiff also claims that the plan applied retroactively to deprive sales representatives of commissions to which they were earlier entitled. Plaintiff alleges that AAM exercises complete control over CareerBuilder and thus, CareerBuilder acts as AAM s agent. Based on these allegations, Plaintiff alleges claims against both defendants for breach of written contract, breach of implied contract, unjust enrichment, violation of the Illinois Sales Representative Act, and violation of the Illinois Wage and Payment Collection Act. The defendants removed the action to the Northern District of Illinois on December 5, 2019, and Plaintiff moved to remand on January 6, 2020. On October 21, 2020, the district court granted the motion to remand. On January 11, 2021, the district court ordered the clerk of court to take the necessary steps to transfer the case back to Illinois Circuit Court, Cook County. On March 8, 2021, Plaintiff filed a motion under 28 U.S.C. 1447(c) to recover attorneys fees of approximately for the remand briefing. Defendants filed their opposition on March 31, 2021, and Plaintiff replied on 
 -127- 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO ASSET MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in thousands, except share data, except where noted) 

 Apollo officers and employees), and members of the consortium that acquired MPM in a May 2019 merger. The complaint asserts, on behalf of a putative class of former MPM shareholders, a claim against Apollo for breach of its fiduciary duties as MPM s alleged controlling shareholder in connection with the May 2019 merger. Frank Funds seeks unspecified compensatory damages. On July 23, 2019, a group of former MPM shareholders filed an appraisal petition in Delaware Chancery Court seeking the fair value of their MPM shares that were purchased through MPM s May 15, 2019 merger, in an action captioned In re Appraisal of MPM Holdings, Inc. , C.A. No. 2019-0519 (Del. Ch.). On June 3, 2020, petitioners moved for leave to file a verified amended appraisal petition and class-action complaint that included claims for breach of fiduciary duty and/or aiding and abetting breaches of fiduciary duty against AAM, the Apollo-affiliated fund that owned MPM s shares before the merger, certain former MPM directors (including three Apollo employees), and members of the consortium that acquired MPM, based on alleged actions related to the May 2019 merger. The petitioners also sought to consolidate their appraisal proceeding with the Frank Funds action. On November 13, 2020, the Chancery Court granted the parties stipulated order to consolidate the two matters, and on December 21, 2020, the Chancery Court granted petitioners motion for leave to file the proposed amended complaint. This new consolidated action is captioned In Re MPM Holdings Inc. Appraisal and Stockholder Litigation , C.A. No. 2019-0519 (Del Ch.). On January 13, 2022, the Chancery Court denied Apollo s motion to dismiss. Apollo believes the claims in this action are without merit. Because this action is in the early stages, no reasonable estimate of possible loss, if any, can be made at this time. 
 On August 4, 2020, a putative class action complaint was filed in the United States District Court for the District of Nevada against PlayAGS Inc. PlayAGS ), all of the members of PlayAGS s board of directors (including three directors who are affiliated with Apollo), certain underwriters of PlayAGS (including Apollo Global Securities, LLC), as well as AAM, Apollo Investment Fund VIII, L.P., Apollo Gaming Holdings, L.P., and Apollo Gaming Voteco, LLC (these last four parties, together, the Apollo Defendants ). The complaint asserts claims against all defendants arising under the Securities Act of 1933 in connection with certain secondary offerings of PlayAGS stock conducted in August 2018 and March 2019, alleging that the registration statements issued in connection with those offerings did not fully disclose certain business challenges facing PlayAGS. The complaint further asserts a control person claim under Section 20(a) of the Exchange Act against the Apollo Defendants and the director defendants (including the directors affiliated with Apollo), alleging such defendants were responsible for certain misstatements and omissions by PlayAGS about its business. On December 2, 2022, the Court dismissed all claims against the underwriters (including Apollo Global Securities, LLC) and the Apollo Defendants, but allowed a claim against PlayAGS and two of the Company's executives to proceed. No reasonable estimate of possible loss, if any, can be made at this time. 
 Certain of Apollo s investment adviser subsidiaries have received a request for information and documents from the SEC in connection with an investigation concerning compliance with record retention requirements relating to business communications sent or received via electronic messaging channels. As has been publicly reported, the SEC is conducting similar investigations of other investment advisers. 
 Commitments and Contingencies 
 Other long-term obligations relate to payments with respect to certain consulting agreements entered into by Apollo Investment Consulting LLC, a subsidiary of Apollo, as well as long-term service contracts. A significant portion of these costs are reimbursable by funds or portfolio companies. 
 
 -128- 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO ASSET MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in thousands, except share data, except where noted) 

 billion. Management views the possibility of all of the investments becoming worthless as remote. Performance allocations are affected by changes in the fair values of the underlying investments in the funds that Apollo manages. Valuations, on an unrealized basis, can be significantly affected by a variety of external factors, including, but not limited to, bond yields and industry trading multiples. Movements in these items can affect valuations quarter to quarter even if the underlying business fundamentals remain stable. 
 Additionally, at the end of the life of certain funds that the Company manages, there could be a payment due to a fund by the Company if the Company, as general partner, has received more performance allocations than was ultimately earned. The general partner obligation amount, if any, will depend on final realized values of investments at the end of the life of each fund or as otherwise set forth in the respective limited partnership agreement of the fund. See note 14 to our consolidated financial statements for further details regarding the general partner obligation. 
 Certain funds may not generate performance allocations as a result of unrealized and realized losses that are recognized in the current and prior reporting period. In certain cases, performance allocations will not be generated until additional unrealized and realized gains occur. Any appreciation would first cover the deductions for invested capital, unreturned organizational expenses, operating expenses, management fees and priority returns based on the terms of the respective fund agreements. 
 of the Company s subsidiaries, AGS, provides underwriting commitments in connection with securities offerings of related parties of Apollo, including portfolio companies of the funds Apollo manages, as well as third parties. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were open underwriting commitments. 
 The Company and Athene, together with a third-party institutional investor, have committed to provide financing to a consolidated VIE that invests across Apollo s capital markets platform (such VIE, the Apollo Capital Markets Partnership ). Pursuant to these arrangements, the Company and Athene have committed equity financing to the Apollo Capital Markets Partnership. The Apollo Capital Markets Partnership also has a revolving credit facility with Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation, as lead arranger, administrative agent and letter of credit issuer, Mizuho Bank Ltd., and other lenders party thereto, pursuant to which it may borrow up to billion. The revolving credit facility, which has a final maturity date of April 1, 2025, is non-recourse to the Company and Athene, except that the Company and Athene provided customary comfort letters with respect to their capital contributions to the Apollo Capital Markets Partnership. As of December 31, 2022, the Apollo Capital Markets Partnership had funded commitments of million, on a net basis, to transactions across Apollo s capital markets platform, all of which were funded through the revolving credit facility and other asset-based financing. No capital had been funded by the Company or Athene to the Apollo Capital Markets Partnership pursuant to their commitments. 
 Whether the commitments of the Apollo Capital Markets Partnership are actually funded, in whole or in part, depends on the contractual terms of such commitments, including the satisfaction or waiver of any conditions to closing or funding. It is expected that between the time the Apollo Capital Markets Partnership makes a commitment and funding of such commitment, efforts will be made to syndicate such commitment to, among others, third parties, which should reduce its risk when committing to certain transactions. The Apollo Capital Markets Partnership may also, with respect to a particular transaction, enter into other arrangements with third parties which reduce its commitment risk. 
 Contingent Consideration 
 In connection with the acquisition of Stone Tower in April 2012, the Company agreed to pay the former owners of Stone Tower a specified percentage of any future performance revenues earned from certain of the Stone Tower funds, CLOs, and strategic investment accounts. This contingent consideration liability was determined based on the present value of estimated future performance revenue payments, and is recorded in profit sharing payable in the consolidated statements of financial condition. The fair value of the remaining contingent obligation was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 The contingent consideration obligations will be remeasured to fair value at each reporting period until the obligations are satisfied and are characterized as Level III liabilities. The changes in the fair value of the contingent consideration obligations is 
 -129- 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO ASSET MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in thousands, except share data, except where noted) 

 closes of their previously announced transaction whereby Atlas acquired certain assets of the CS Securitized Products Group. AARe, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Athene, has issued an assurance letter to CS to guarantee the full five year deferred purchase obligation of Atlas in the amount of billion. AAA and Athene have provided guarantees to support AARe, and the Company has provided a guarantee for up to billion to support AAA. The fair value of the liability related to AAM s guarantee is not material to the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 
 16. 
 reportable segments: (i) asset management and (ii) principal investing. Segment information is utilized by our chief operating decision makers to assess performance and to allocate resources. 
 The performance is measured by the Company s chief operating decision makers on an unconsolidated basis because the chief operating decision makers make operating decisions and assesses the performance of each of Apollo s business segments based on financial and operating metrics and data that exclude the effects of consolidation of any of the affiliated funds. 
 Segment Reporting Changes 
 In connection with the completion of the Mergers, Apollo undertook a strategic review of its operating structure and business segments to assess the performance of its businesses and the allocation of resources. As a result, for periods following the Mergers, Apollo reports results through reportable segments called asset management and principal investing. 
 In connection with these changes, all prior periods have been recast to conform to the new presentation. Consequently, this information will be different from the historical segment financial results previously reported by Apollo in its reports filed with the SEC. 
 Adjusted Segment Income 
 Adjusted Segment Income is the key performance measure used by management in evaluating the performance of the asset management and principal investing segments. Management uses Adjusted Segment Income to make key operating decisions such as the following: 
 decisions related to the allocation of resources such as staffing decisions, including hiring and locations for deployment of the new hires; 
 decisions related to capital deployment such as providing capital to facilitate growth for the business and/or to facilitate expansion into new businesses; 
 decisions related to expenses, such as determining annual discretionary bonuses and compensation to employees. With respect to compensation, management seeks to align the interests of certain professionals and selected other individuals with those of the investors in the funds and those of Apollo s stockholders by providing such individuals a profit sharing interest in the performance fees earned in relation to the funds. To achieve that objective, a certain amount of compensation is based on Apollo s performance and growth for the year. 
 Adjusted Segment Income is a measure of profitability and has certain limitations in that it does not take into account certain items included under U.S. GAAP. Adjusted Segment Income represents the amount of Apollo s net realized earnings, excluding the effects of the consolidation of any of the related funds and SPACs, interest and preferred dividends paid to Preferred shareholders, taxes and related payables, transaction-related charges and any acquisitions. Transaction-related charges includes equity-based compensation charges, the amortization of intangible assets, contingent consideration, and certain other charges associated with acquisitions, and restructuring charges. In addition, Adjusted Segment Income excludes non-cash revenue and expense related to equity awards granted by unconsolidated related parties to employees of the Company, compensation and administrative related expense reimbursements, as well as the assets, liabilities and operating results of the funds and variable interest entities that are included in the consolidated financial statements. Adjusted Segment Income also excludes impacts of 
 -130- 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO ASSET MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in thousands, except share data, except where noted) 

 -131- 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO ASSET MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in thousands, except share data, except where noted) 

 Capital solutions fees and other, net Fee-related performance fees Fee related compensation ) ) ) Other operating expenses ) ) ) Fee Related Earnings (FRE) Principal Investing Realized performance fees Realized investment income Principal investing compensation ) ) ) Other operating expenses ) ) ) Principal Investing Income (PII) Adjusted Segment Income Segment Assets: Asset Management Principal Investing Total Assets (1) 
 (1) Refer below for a reconciliation of total assets for Apollo s total reportable segments to total consolidated assets. 

-132- 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO ASSET MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in thousands, except share data, except where noted) 

 Equity-based profit sharing expense and other (1) 
 Equity-based compensation Transaction-related charges (2) 
 ) Merger-related transaction and integration costs (3) 
 Charges associated with corporate conversion (Gains) losses from changes in tax receivable agreement liability ) ) Net income attributable to non-controlling interests in consolidated entities ) ) ) Unrealized performance fees ) ) ) Unrealized profit sharing expense One-time equity-based compensation and other charges (4) 
 Net interest expense Unrealized principal investment income (loss) ) ) Unrealized net (gains) losses from investment activities and other ) ) Adjusted Segment Income (1) Equity-based profit sharing expense and other includes certain profit sharing arrangements in which a portion of performance fees distributed to the general partner are required to be used by employees of Apollo to purchase restricted shares of common stock or is delivered in the form of RSUs, which are granted under AGM s Equity Plan. Equity-based profit sharing expense and other also includes performance grants which are tied to the Company s receipt of performance fees, within prescribed periods, sufficient to cover the associated equity-based compensation expense. 
 (2) Transaction-related charges include contingent consideration, equity-based compensation charges and the amortization of intangible assets and certain other charges associated with acquisitions, and restructuring charges. 
 (3) Merger-related transaction and integration costs includes advisory services, technology integration, equity-based compensation charges and other costs associated with the Mergers. 
 (4) Includes one-time equity-based compensation expense and associated taxes related to the Company s compensation reset. 
 
 Adjustments (1) 
 Total assets (1) Represents the addition of assets of consolidated funds and VIEs and consolidation elimination adjustments. 
 
 -133- 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures , as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Co-Presidents and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing disclosure controls and procedures, our management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible disclosure controls and procedures. The design of any disclosure controls and procedures also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired objectives. 
 Our management, including our Co-Presidents and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, our Co-Presidents and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) are effective at the reasonable assurance level to accomplish their objectives of ensuring that information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Co-Presidents and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 No changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f) under the Exchange Act) occurred during our most recent quarter, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management of Apollo is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Apollo s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of its principal executive and principal financial officers to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of its consolidated financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Apollo s internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect transactions and dispositions of assets, provide reasonable assurances that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and the directors, and provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of Apollo s assets that could have a material effect on its financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. In addition, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of Apollo s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the framework established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, management has determined that Apollo s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 was effective. 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 
 -134- 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 Directors and Executive Officers 
 The following table presents certain information concerning our board of directors and executive officers. There are no family relationships among any of our directors or executive officers. 
 Name Age Position(s) Scott Kleinman 50 Co-President and Co-Chair of the Board James Zelter 60 Co-President and Co-Chair of the Board Jessica Bibliowicz 63 Director Michael Ducey 74 Director A.B. Krongard 86 Director Pauline Richards 74 Director Byron Vielehr 59 Chief Operating Officer Christian Weideman 47 Global General Counsel Johannes Worsoe 55 Chief Financial Officer 
 The following are brief biographies describing the backgrounds of our directors and executive officers. 
 Scott Kleinman is Co-President of AAM and serves as Co-Chair of AAM s board of directors. Mr. Kleinman joined the AAM board of directors effective March 2021, and he became Co-Chair in January 2022. Mr. Kleinman also serves as a member of the AGM board of directors and the executive committee of AGM s board of directors. He was elected to the AGM board of directors in January 2022. As the Co-President of AAM, Mr. Kleinman co-leads AAM s day-to-day operations, including all of AAM s revenue-generating businesses and enterprise solutions across its integrated alternative investment platform. Mr. Kleinman joined Apollo six years after its inception in 1996, and was named Lead Partner for Private Equity in 2009 prior to being named Co-President in 2018. Mr. Kleinman also currently serves on the board of directors of Athene, Athora Holding, Ltd., and Apollo Strategic Growth Capital II and previously served on the board of directors of Apollo Strategic Growth Capital. Prior to joining Apollo, Mr. Kleinman was a member of the Investment Banking division at Smith Barney Inc. In 2014, Mr. Kleinman founded the Kleinman Center for Energy Policy at the University of Pennsylvania. He is a member of the Board of Advisors at the University of Pennsylvania Stuart Weitzman School of Design. He is also a member of the Board of Advisors of Nature Conservancy of New York as well as the board of directors of White Plains Hospital, where he co-chaired the COVID-19 Relief Campaign. Mr. Kleinman received a B.A. and B.S. from the University of Pennsylvania and the Wharton School of Business, respectively, graduating magna cum laude, Phi Beta Kappa. Mr. Kleinman s extensive knowledge of Apollo s business and expertise in private equity investments enhance the breadth of experience of AGM s and AAM s boards of directors. 
 James Zelter is Co-President of AAM and serves as Co-Chair of AAM s board of directors. Mr. Zelter joined the AAM board of directors effective March 2021, and he became Co-Chair in January 2022. Mr. Zelter also serves as a member of AGM s board of directors and the executive committee of AGM s board of directors. He was elected to the AGM board of directors in January 2022. As the Co-President of AAM, Mr. Zelter co-leads AAM s day-to-day operations, including all of AAM s revenue-generating businesses and enterprise solutions across its integrated alternative investment platform. Mr. Zelter joined Apollo in 2006, and he served as the Chief Investment Officer of Apollo s credit business from 2006 and became Co-President in January 2018. Since 2006, Mr. Zelter has also served in several senior roles at MidCap Financial Investment Corporation (f/k/a Apollo Investment Corporation), a publicly traded vehicle managed by Apollo, and served as a director on its board of directors from 2006 to 2020. Prior to joining Apollo, Mr. Zelter was with Citigroup Inc. and its predecessor companies from 1994 to 2006. From 2003 to 2005, Mr. Zelter was Chief Investment Officer of Citigroup Alternative Investments, and prior to that he was responsible for Citigroup s Global High Yield franchise. Prior to joining Citigroup in 1994, Mr. Zelter was a High Yield Trader at Goldman, Sachs Co. Mr. Zelter has significant experience in global credit markets and has overseen the broad expansion of Apollo s credit platform. He is a member of the Duke University Board of Trustees and a board member of DUMAC, Inc., the investment management company that oversees the Duke University endowment. Mr. Zelter also serves on the board of directors of the Robert Toigo Foundation, the Partnership for New York City, and The Bridge Golf Foundation, as well as the Board of Fellows of Weill Cornell Medicine. Mr. Zelter has a B.A. in Economics from Duke University. Mr. Zelter s extensive knowledge of Apollo s business and expertise in credit investments enhances the breadth of experience of AGM s and AAM s boards of directors. 
 -135- 

Table of Contents 

 Jessica Bibliowicz is as an independent director and a member of the audit committee of AAM s board of directors. Ms. Bibliowicz has served in such roles since March 2022. Ms. Bibliowicz has also served as an independent director and a member of the audit committee of the AGM board of directors since March 2022. Ms. Bibliowicz is a successful entrepreneur and organizational leader within financial services with more than 30 years of experience with public and private companies. Notably, she became president and CEO of National Financial Partners NFP ), a leading provider of benefits, insurance and asset management services, in 1999 and Chairman of the company s Board in 2003 and took the company public later that year. She continued to serve in both roles until NFP was acquired in 2013. Earlier in her career, Ms. Bibliowicz held senior management positions at Prudential Mutual Funds and Smith Barney Mutual Funds. She is a member of the Board of Prudential Insurance Funds and previously served on the Board of Directors for Sotheby s until it went private in 2019. Ms. Bibliowicz has served on the Board of Fellows of Weill Cornell Medicine for more than 15 years and is currently Chair and also serves on the Board of Trustees of Cornell University and the Board of Trustees of New York-Presbyterian. Ms. Bibliowicz has a B.S. in government from Cornell University. Ms. Bibliowicz s extensive business experience and leadership roles at both public and private companies make her a valuable member of AGM s and AAM s boards of directors. 
 Michael Ducey is an independent director and a member of the audit committee of AAM s board of directors. Mr. Ducey has served in such roles since 2011. Mr. Ducey also served as Chair of the conflicts committee of AAM s board of directors from 2011 through December 2021. Since January 2022, Mr. Ducey also serves as an independent member of the board of directors of AGM and a member of AGM s audit committee. Mr. Ducey was with Compass Minerals International, Inc., from March 2002 to May 2006, where he served in a variety of roles, including as President, Chief Executive Officer and Director prior to his retirement in May 2006. Prior to joining Compass Minerals International, Inc., Mr. Ducey worked for nearly 30 years at Borden Chemical, Inc., in various management, sales, marketing, planning and commercial development positions, and ultimately as President, Chief Executive Officer and Director. Mr. Ducey joined Sisescam Resource Partners LLC (formerly Ciner Resources Corporation and prior to that OCI Resources LP) as an independent member of the board of directors in September 2014, where he serves on the audit committee and the conflicts committee. From September 2009 to December 2012, Mr. Ducey was the non-executive Chairman of TPC Group, Inc. and served on the audit committee and the environmental health and safety committee. He served on the board of Fenner, PLC from January 2017 to June 2018 and served on the Audit, Governance and Remunerations Committees. Mr. Ducey has significant prior experience on public company boards, including Verso Paper Holdings, UAP Holdings Corporation, Smurfit Stone Container Corporation and HaloSource, Inc. He graduated from Otterbein University with a degree in Economics and an M.B.A. in finance from the University of Dayton. Mr. Ducey s comprehensive corporate background and his experience serving on various boards and committees adds significant value to AGM s and AAM s boards of directors. 
 A.B. Krongard is an independent director and a member of the audit committee of AAM s board of directors. Mr. Krongard has served in such roles since 2011. Mr. Krongard also served as a member of the conflicts committee of AAM s board of directors from January 2019 through December 2021. Since January 2022, Mr. Krongard also serves as an independent member of the board of directors of AGM, Chair of AGM s nominating and corporate governance committee, and as a member of AGM s audit committee. From 2001 to 2004, Mr. Krongard served as Executive Director of the Central Intelligence Agency. From 1998 to 2001, Mr. Krongard served as Counselor to the Director of Central Intelligence. Prior to 1998, Mr. Krongard served in various capacities at Alex Brown, Incorporated, including serving as Chief Executive Officer beginning in 1991 and assuming additional duties as Chairman of the board of directors in 1994. Upon the merger of Alex Brown, Incorporated with Bankers Trust Corporation in 1997, Mr. Krongard served as Vice-Chairman of the Board of Bankers Trust Corporation and served in such capacity until assuming his position at the Central Intelligence Agency. Mr. Krongard served as the Lead Director of Under Armour, Inc. from 2006 to 2020. Mr. Krongard serves as Chair of the nominating and corporate governance committee and a member of the compensation committee of Iridium Communications Inc. and as a member of the audit committee of Icahn Enterprises L.P. Mr. Krongard served on the board of trustees of In-Q-Tel, Inc. from 2007 to 2022. Mr. Krongard graduated with honors from Princeton University and received a J.D. from the University of Maryland School of Law, where he also graduated with honors. Mr. Krongard s comprehensive corporate background contributes to the range of experience of AGM s and AAM s boards of directors. 
 Pauline Richards is an independent director and the Chair of the audit committee of AAM s board of directors. Ms. Richards has served in such roles since 2011. Ms. Richards also served as a member of the conflicts committee of AAM s board of directors from October 2020 to December 2021. Since January 2022, Ms. Richards serves as an independent member of the board of directors of AGM, Chair of the AGM audit committee and a member of the AGM sustainability and corporate responsibility committee. Ms. Richards currently serves as Chief Operating Officer of Trebuchet Group Holdings Limited, a position she has held since 2008. Ms. Richards also serves as a member of the Audit and Governance Committees of the board of directors of Wyndham Hotels and Resorts. Ms. Richards is also a director of Hamilton Insurance Group, serving on the audit and investment committees, a position she has held since 2013. Ms. Richards previously served on the board of Wyndham Worldwide from 2006 to 2018. Prior to 2008, Ms. Richards served as Director of Development of Saltus Grammar School from 2003 to 2008, as Chief Financial Officer of Lombard Odier Darier Hentsch (Bermuda) Limited from 2001 to 2003, and as 
 -136- 

Table of Contents 

 Treasurer of Gulf Stream Financial Limited from 1999 to 2000. Ms. Richards also served as a member of the Audit Committee and chair of the Corporate Governance Committee of the board of directors of Butterfield Bank from 2006 to 2013. Ms. Richards graduated from Queen s University, Ontario, Canada, with a B.A. in psychology and has obtained certification as a CPA, CMA. Ms. Richards extensive finance experience and her service on the boards of other public companies adds significant value to AGM s and AAM s boards of directors. 
 Byron Vielehr is the Chief Operating Officer of AAM and is responsible for aligning the strategic business and investment priorities of the firm with its operational capabilities while leading continuous improvement, innovation, and adoption of new technologies. Mr. Vielehr joined Apollo in 2022. Mr. Vielehr has 30 years of technology and financial services experience and prior to joining Apollo, he served as Chief Growth Officer at Fiserv, an integrated financial technology provider. During his eight-year tenure at Fiserv, he led the Payment, Digital, and Account Processing businesses, and had responsibility for enterprise strategy, M A, venturing and strategic intelligence. Prior to his time at Fiserv, he was a senior executive at Dun Bradstreet, an information services provider, where he ultimately served as President of D B International, President of D B North America, and Head of Global Operations. Previously, Mr. Vielehr served as President and COO of Northstar Systems, and Chief Information Officer of Merrill Lynch Private Client and Merrill Lynch Asset Management. He currently serves on the Advisory Board of the University of Wisconsin Lubar School of Business and the Greater Milwaukee Committee. He previously served on the boards of directors of Checkfree, Sagent, DeFi, REIS, Marketcore and Level 8. Mr. Vielehr received a B.S. from Drexel University and M.B.A. from the Wharton School of Business. 
 Christian Weideman is the Global General Counsel of AAM, where he oversees and manages its legal, compliance, and tax team. Prior to joining Apollo in 2017, Mr. Weideman served as Chief of Staff at the United States Department of the Treasury in Washington, DC. Before that, he served as Associate Counsel to the President at the White House, as a litigator at Williams Connolly LLP, and as a law clerk on the Third Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals. Mr. Weideman graduated with high distinction from Penn State University with a B.S. and honors in Biochemistry. He received his J.D. with distinction from Stanford Law School. 
 Johannes Worsoe is the Chief Financial Officer of AAM, having joined in February 2022. From 2001 to 2021, Mr. Worsoe was with MUFG Americas Holdings and predecessor entities. Prior to departing MUFG, Mr. Worsoe served as Chief Financial Officer for the Americas from 2016 to 2021 and Americas Head of Investment Banking Markets from 2013 to 2016. Before joining MUFG in 2001, Mr. Worsoe held capital markets, private banking and investment-related roles in Denmark, Spain and the U.S. Mr. Worsoe has a graduate degree (M.B.A.) from University of Southern California and an undergraduate degree from University of Phoenix. He is also a graduate from the Danish Banking School and has attended executive leadership programs at Harvard Business School. 
 Independence and Composition of Our Board of Directors 
 For so long as AGM has the power to elect a majority of our board of directors, we are considered a controlled company as defined in the listing standards of the NYSE and we are exempt from the NYSE rules that require that: 
 a. our board of directors be comprised of a majority of independent directors; 
 b. we establish a compensation committee composed solely of independent directors; and 
 c. we establish a nominating and corporate governance committee composed solely of independent directors. 
 While our board of directors is currently comprised of a majority of independent directors, we plan on availing ourselves of the controlled company exceptions. We have elected not to have a nominating and corporate governance committee comprised entirely of independent directors, nor a compensation committee comprised entirely of independent directors. 
 At such time that we are no longer deemed a controlled company, our board of directors will take all action necessary to comply with all applicable rules within the applicable time period under the NYSE listing standards. 
 Our board of directors currently consists of six directors, four of whom, Messrs. Ducey and Krongard and Mses. Bibliowicz and Richards, are independent under the NYSE rules relating to corporate governance matters and the independence standards described in our corporate governance guidelines. 
 Our board of directors includes two members who identify as women, one of whom also identifies as African American or Black. Our board of directors also has one member who is a veteran. Our only board committee is chaired by a director who identifies as a woman and also identifies as African American or Black. 
 -137- 

Table of Contents 

 Board of Directors Leadership Structure and Board s Role in Risk Oversight 
 The board of directors has an oversight role, as a whole and also at the audit committee level, in overseeing AAM s management of its risks. The board of directors regularly reviews information regarding our credit, liquidity, and operations, as well as the risks associated with each. The audit committee oversees the management of financial risks. While the audit committee is responsible for evaluating certain risks, and overseeing the management of such risks, the entire board of directors is regularly informed through committee reports and management presentations about such risks. 
 Scott Kleinman and James Zelter currently serve as the co-chairs of our board of directors and as our principal executive officers. 
 The board of directors understands that no single approach to board leadership is universally accepted and that the appropriate leadership structure may vary based on several factors, such as a company s size, industry, operations, history and culture. Accordingly, our board of directors assesses its leadership structure in light of these factors and the current environment to achieve the optimal model for us and for our stockholders. 
 The composition of the board of directors, the tenure of the directors with the Company, the overall experience of the directors and the experience that the directors have had with our management team permit and encourage each member to take an active role in all discussions. 
 Committees of the Board of Directors 
 Our board of directors established an audit committee. Our audit committee has adopted a charter that complies with current SEC and NYSE rules relating to corporate governance matters. Our board of directors may from time to time establish other committees of our board of directors. 
 Audit Committee 
 The primary purpose of our audit committee is to assist our board of directors in overseeing and monitoring (i) the integrity of our financial statements and other financial information provided by AAM to its shareholders, the public, any stock exchange and others, (ii) our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, and (iii) the qualifications, independence and performance of our independent auditor. 
 The current members of our audit committee are Mses. Bibliowicz and Richards and Messrs. Ducey and Krongard. Ms. Richards currently serves as Chair of the committee. Each of the members of our audit committee meets the independence standards and financial literacy requirements for service on an audit committee of a board of directors pursuant to the Exchange Act and NYSE rules applicable to audit committees and corporate governance. Furthermore, our board of directors has determined that each of Mses. Bibliowicz and Richards and Messrs. Ducey and Krongard is an audit committee financial expert within the meaning of Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K. Our audit committee has a charter which is available on our website at aam.apollo.com under the Governance, Committees Documents section. 
 Identifying and Evaluating Candidates for the Board of Directors 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation provides that our board of directors or the holders of our common stock shall (i) set the number of directors of our board of directors and (ii) fill any vacancies or newly created directorships on our board of directors. 
 Directors are elected annually by our stockholders in a manner described in our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws and each director elected will hold office until the succeeding meeting after such director s election and until such director s successor is duly elected and qualified, or, if earlier, until such director s death or until such director resigns or is removed. Subject to the rights of the holders of any series of preferred stock with respect to any director elected by holders of preferred stock, directors are elected by a majority of the votes cast by the holders of the outstanding shares of common stock and any full voting preferred stock entitled to vote present in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote on the election of directors at any annual meeting of stockholders, voting together as a single class. 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 
 We have a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, which applies to, among others, our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer. A copy of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is available on our website at aam.apollo.com under the Governance, Committees Documents section. We intend to disclose any amendment to or waiver of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics on behalf of an executive officer or director either on our website or in a Form 8-K filing. 
 -138- 

Table of Contents 

 Corporate Governance Guidelines 
 We have Corporate Governance Guidelines that address significant issues of corporate governance and set forth procedures by which our board of directors carries out its responsibilities. The guidelines are available for viewing on our website at aam.apollo.com under the Governance, Committees Documents section. We will also provide the guidelines, free of charge, to stockholders who request them. Requests should be directed to our Secretary at Apollo Asset Management, Inc., 9 West 57th Street, 42nd Floor, New York, New York 10019. 
 Communications with the Board of Directors 
 A stockholder or other interested party who wishes to communicate with our directors, a committee of our board of directors, our independent directors as a group or our board of directors generally may do so in writing. Any such communications may be sent to our board of directors by U.S. mail or overnight delivery and should be directed to our Secretary at Apollo Asset Management, Inc., 9 West 57th Street, 42nd Floor, New York, New York 10019, who will forward them to the intended recipient(s). Any such communications may be made anonymously. Unsolicited advertisements, invitations to conferences or promotional materials, in the discretion of our Secretary, are not required, however, to be forwarded to the directors. 
 Executive Sessions of Independent Directors 
 The independent directors serving on our board of directors meet periodically in executive sessions during the year at regularly scheduled meetings of our board of directors. These executive sessions will be presided over by one of the independent directors serving on our board of directors selected on an ad-hoc basis. 
 Insider Trading Policy for Employees, Officers and Directors; Prohibition on Hedging 
 Our board of directors has adopted, as part of our insider trading policy, prohibitions against our directors, officers and employees engaging in transactions of a speculative nature involving our securities at any time, including, but not limited to, the purchase or sale of put options or covered calls. In addition, such persons are prohibited from short-selling our securities or engaging in transactions involving other derivatives based on our securities, including options, warrants, restricted stock units, stock appreciation rights or similar rights whose value is derived from the value of our common stock (other than securities granted under our equity incentive plans) or that hedge or offset, or are designed to hedge or offset, any decrease in the market value of our securities. 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 
 Background 
 The following Compensation Discussion and Analysis CD A reports on the compensation of our named executive officers or NEOs during 2022. This includes our CEO, CFO and our three most highly compensated executive officers, as follows: 
 Name Title Scott Kleinman Co-President of AAM James Zelter Co-President of AAM Johannes Worsoe Chief Financial Officer (beginning February 28, 2022) 
 Martin Kelly Former Chief Financial Officer (before February 28, 2022) 
 Anthony Civale Former Chief Operating Officer (before June 30, 2022) 
 Byron Vielehr Chief Operating Officer (beginning September 30, 2022) 
 Christian Weideman Global General Counsel 
 We are a controlled company and AGM owns all of our voting stock. As a controlled company, our Board of Directors does not have a compensation committee. Instead, since January 1, 2022, the compensation committee of AGM, our parent corporation, has assumed responsibility for AGM NEO compensation, including for our Co-Presidents Scott Kleinman and James Zelter, and our former Chief Financial Officer, Martin Kelly. Messrs. Kleinman and Zelter determine the compensation of our named executive officers (excluding themselves and Mr. Kelly). 
 -139- 

Table of Contents 

 Management Changes 
 On February 28, 2022, Mr. Worsoe was appointed as our chief financial officer . Concurrently with such appointment, Mr. Kelly resigned from that position , and continues to serve as the chief financial officer of AGM. 
 Mr. Vielehr was appointed our chief operating officer effective September 30, 2022. 
 On February 3, 2022, we entered into a retirement agreement with Mr. Civale, pursuant to which Mr. Civale transitioned to a non-executive officer role on July 1, 2022. Mr. Civale officially retired and his employment ceased on January 6, 2023. Mr. Civale received certain benefits as part of his retirement agreement, discussed in further detail below. 
 Mr. Weideman is expected to step down from his role later in 2023. 
 Key Features of our 2022 NEO Compensation 
 
 The design of our compensation program is intended to support our business objectives as well as align pay with performance and attract and retain the most qualified and energized talent to spend the entirety of their careers at Apollo. 
 
 What We Do What We Don t Do 
 Align pay with performance , including with limited base salary, an emphasis on variable compensation and long-term stock ownership 
 
 No new compensation to Co-Presidents Scott Kleinman and James Zelter, other than base salary 
 
 100,000 base salary for Co-Presidents Scott Kleinman and James Zelter 
 
 No excessive perquisites 
 
 Align NEOs with stockholders through: 
 
 No significant retirement or pension benefits 
 Equity ownership 
 
 No single-trigger change in control severance payments 
 Significant personal investments in AGM common stock and Apollo funds 
 
 No hedging transactions or short sales of our common stock permitted for any executive officer 
 Non-compete and non-solicit covenants 
 
 No excise tax gross-ups 
 
 Meaningful share ownership guidelines covering all NEOs were adopted in 2022 
 
 Adopted a recoupment policy in 2022 (covering all NEOs) that provides for the recovery of incentive compensation if an employee engages in a detrimental activity and as otherwise required by law 
 
 Engage proactive ly with shareholders and other stakeholders 
 
 Include only independent directors on the compensation committee 
 
 Utilize an independent compensation consultant 
 
 General Compensation Philosophy 
 Alignment of Interests with Investors and Stockholders. Our principal compensation philosophy is to align the long-term interests of our named executive officers and other key employees with those of our stockholders and investors in the funds we manage. This alignment, which we believe is a key driver of our success, has been achieved principally by our professionals direct beneficial ownership of equity in our business in the form of shares of common stock of AGM AGM Shares ), their rights to receive a portion of the performance fees earned from the funds we manage or to receive compensation based on the level of performance fees earned, the direct investment by our professionals in the funds we manage and our practice of paying annual compensation partly in the form of equity-based grants that are subject to vesting. 
 Long-Term Performance and Commitment. Most of our professionals (including Messrs. Kelly, Worsoe, Vielehr and Weideman) are issued AGM RSUs as part of their year-end variable compensation, which provide rights to receive AGM Shares and, in some instances, dividend equivalents on those shares. The portion of the variable compensation paid as AGM RSUs increases as the employee s total compensation increases. The vesting, delayed liquidity and restrictive covenants (including forfeiture upon competition) features of these awards, and, for certain executives (including all named executive 
 -140- 

Table of Contents 

 officers), the application of the executive share ownership guidelines to these awards, contribute to our professionals focus on long-term performance while enhancing retention of these professionals. Certain of the AGM RSUs granted to our named executive officers and professionals vest based on both continued service and AGM s receipt of performance fees, within prescribed periods, sufficient to cover the associated equity-based compensation expense. We believe these performance measures help to promote the interests of our stockholders and investors in the funds we manage by making AGM RSU vesting contingent on the realization and distribution of profits on such funds. By requiring our named executive officers to be subject to non-competition, confidentiality and other limitations on behavior described below under Potential Payments upon Termination or Change in Control, we further reinforce our culture of fiduciary protection of the investors in the funds we manage and our stockholders. 
 Significant Personal Investment. Our named executive officers and other professionals generally make significant personal investments in the funds we manage (as more fully described under Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence ), directly or indirectly, and our named executive officers and other professionals who receive rights to performance fees (excluding rights in respect of non-drawdown-style funds and certain pooled performance fee vehicles) from the funds we manage are generally required to invest their own capital in the funds on which they work in amounts that are proportionate to the size of their participation in performance fees. We believe that these investments help to ensure that our professionals have capital at risk and reinforce the linkage between the success of the funds we manage, the success of the Company and the amounts earned by our professionals. Our eligible professionals are generally permitted to invest in the funds we manage free of management fees and, in certain instances, performance fees. These opportunities further align our employees with the investors in the funds we manage and our stockholders, encourage our professionals to work across the integrated asset management platform and bolster links among our various businesses. 
 Discouragement of Excessive Risk-Taking. Our compensation program includes significant elements that discourage excessive risk-taking while aligning the compensation of our professionals with our long-term performance. For example, a portion of our employees annual incentive compensation is paid in the form of RSUs that are subject to vesting, which reinforces employee focus on the Company s long-term performance and enhances alignment with our stockholders. With regard to carried interest, we generally make payments in respect of performance fee allocations to our employees only after profitable investments have actually been realized. Similarly, for the funds that pay incentive fees, employees receive distributions of such fees only after the fund has appreciated in value (typically above a specified level) during the applicable period. This helps to ensure that our professionals take a long-term view that is consistent with the interests of the Company, our stockholders and the investors in the funds we manage. Moreover, if a drawdown-style fund fails to achieve specified investment returns due to diminished performance of later investments, our performance fee program relating to that fund generally permits, for the benefit of the limited partner investors in that fund, the return of performance fee distributions (generally net of tax) previously made to us or our employees. These provisions discourage excessive risk-taking and promote a long-term view that is consistent with the interests of the fund investors and our stockholders. In addition, our recoupment policy encourages compliance with our policies and discourages activities detrimental to the Company. Our general requirement that our professionals who hold direct performance fee rights in our drawdown-style funds, invest in those funds, further aligns the interests of our professionals, fund investors and stockholders. Finally, the minimum retained ownership requirements prescribed under the executive share ownership guidelines applicable to certain executives, and the delayed liquidity of certain AGM RSUs, discourage excessive risk-taking because the value is tied directly to the long-term performance of AGM Shares. Although investments in alternative assets can pose risks, we believe that these features help to mitigate those risks. 
 Compensation Elements for Named Executive Officers 
 Consistent with our emphasis on alignment of interests with our stockholders, our clients and fund investors, compensation elements tied to the performance of AGM Shares, the profitability of our different businesses and the profitability of the funds that we manage are the primary means of compensating our named executive officers. The key elements of the compensation of our named executive officers during fiscal year 2022 are described below. 
 Annual Salary . Each of our named executive officers receives an annual salary. We believe that the compensation of our executive officers should primarily be tied to performance, and accordingly, for all of our named executive officers (other than Mr. Kelly), annual salaries constituted a relatively small component of their overall compensation in 2022. The 2022 base salaries of our named executive officers are set forth in the Summary Compensation Table below. Since January 1, 2022, the compensation committee of AGM, our parent corporation, has assumed responsibility for AGM NEO compensation, including for Messrs. Kleinman, Zelter and Kelly, and Messrs. Kleinman and Zelter have determined the base salaries of our named executive officers (excluding themselves and Mr. Kelly). Base salaries are generally assessed by taking into consideration historic compensation levels of the officer, competitive market dynamics and each officer s level of responsibility and anticipated contributions to our overall success. The base salary for each of Messrs. Kleinman and Zelter is 100,000. 
 RSUs. We award AGM RSUs to our named executive officers, other than Messrs. Rowan, Kleinman and Zelter, to enhance 
 -141- 

Table of Contents 

 their alignment with our stockholders. In connection with Mr. Worsoe s appointment as our chief financial officer, Mr. Worsoe received a one-time award of cash incentive income RSUs of AGM CII RSUs with an aggregate value of 7,500,000, which vest in three equal annual installments, subject to Mr. Worsoe s continued employment on each vesting date and the attainment of performance fees sufficient to cover the associated equity-based compensation expense. Such CII RSU grant is intended to serve as a key component of Mr. Worsoe s compensation package for the initial three years of his employment. 
 In connection with Mr. Vielehr s appointment as our Chief Operating Officer, Mr. Vielehr received a one-time CII RSU award with an aggregate value of 13,500,000, which vests in three equal annual installments, subject to the attainment of receipt of performance fees sufficient to cover the associated equity-based compensation expense and to certain other terms of Mr. Vielehr s award agreement. Mr. Vielehr also received additional one-time grants of CII RSUs in lieu of certain compensation from his prior employer that he forfeited: (1) one grant of CII RSUs in the amount of up to 5,350,000 (eligible to vest upon an involuntary termination), and (2) one grant of CII RSUs in the amount of 3,750,000, which awards will vest in three equal annual installments, subject to the attainment of receipt of performance fees sufficient to cover the associated equity-based compensation expense. Such CII RSU grants are intended to serve as key components of Mr. Vielehr s compensation package for the initial three years of his employment. 
 In connection with the Mergers, in 2022, Mr. Weideman received a one-time award of CII RSUs with an aggregate value of approximately 3,000,000, that vests in three equal annual installments, subject to the attainment of performance fees sufficient to cover the associated equity-based compensation expense. 
 In December 2022, the compensation committee of AGM approved an award of AGM RSUs to Mr. Kelly as a component of his year-end compensation for services performed in 2022 (which RSUs were granted in February 2023). 
 All of the NEOs RSU awards discussed here are reflected in the Stock Awards column of the Summary Compensation Table. 
 Performance Fees. Performance fee entitlements with respect to the funds we manage confer rights to participate in distributions made to investors following the realization of an investment or receipt of operating profit from an investment by the fund, provided the fund has attained a specified performance return. Distributions of performance fees from limited life funds generally are subject to contingent repayment (generally net of tax) if the fund fails to achieve specified investment returns due to diminished performance of later investments, while distributions of operating profit earned from funds that are not designed to have a limited life are generally not subject to contingent repayment. The actual gross amount of performance fees available for distribution is a function of the performance of the applicable fund. For these reasons, we believe that participation in performance fees generated by the funds we manage aligns the interests of our participating named executive officers with those of our stockholders and fund investors. We currently have two principal types of performance fee programs, which we refer to as dedicated and incentive pool. 
 Performance Fees: Dedicated. Messrs. Kleinman, Zelter, Kelly and Civale have historically been awarded rights to participate in a dedicated percentage of the performance fee income earned by the general partners of certain of the funds we manage. Dedicated performance fee rights in the private equity funds we manage are typically subject to vesting, which rewards long-term commitment to the Company and thereby enhances the alignment of participants interests with the Company. Messrs. Kleinman, Zelter, Kelly and Civale also received additional performance fee rights in 2022. In 2022, Messrs. Kelly and Weideman began participating in a program in which performance fees that accrue may be notionally invested by participants in a fund that we manage until paid. Rights to payments under the program vest after three years, subject to continued employment, with the first payment to be made in 2025. As with other amounts distributed in respect of other performance fees, our financial statements characterize performance fee income allocated to participating professionals in respect of their dedicated performance fee rights as compensation. Amounts paid in respect of dedicated performance fees are included in the All Other Compensation column of the Summary Compensation Table. 
 A portion of the performance fees distributed by certain of the legacy investment funds we manage is required to be used by our employees who have dedicated rights to participate in those amounts to purchase restricted AGM Shares, or that portion is delivered to them as a grant of AGM RSUs. This practice further promotes alignment with our stockholders and motivates participating professionals to maximize the success of the Company as a whole. Messrs. Kleinman, Zelter, Kelly and Civale have received grants of AGM restricted shares or RSUs as a result of their participation in legacy performance fee programs that require that a portion of the performance fee amounts be used to purchase restricted AGM Shares, or is settled in the form of a grant of AGM RSUs. The restricted shares vest in three equal annual installments from a vesting date specified at the time of the award. The restricted shares participate in any distributions made on AGM Shares. The number of AGM restricted shares and RSUs that were granted in 2022 was determined pursuant to the formula prescribed by the applicable performance fee program, which converts the specified portion of the performance fee income to be paid or distributed into a number of AGM Shares based on the volume-weighted average price as of a prescribed date in the applicable calendar quarter. In accordance 
 -142- 

Table of Contents 

 with applicable rules, the Summary Compensation Table and Grants of Plan-Based Awards Table include the AGM restricted shares and RSUs acquired by our named executive officers in 2022 in respect of performance fee amounts received. 
 Performance Fees: Incentive Pool. Our performance-based incentive arrangement, referred to as the incentive pool, further aligns the overall compensation of certain of our professionals to the realized performance of our business. The incentive pool provides for compensation based on realized performance fees and enhances our capacity to offer competitive compensation opportunities to our professionals. Realized performance fees means performance fees earned by the general partners of the funds we manage under the applicable fund limited partnership agreements based upon transactions that have closed or other rights to incentive income cash that have become fixed in the applicable calendar year period. Under this arrangement, Messrs. Kelly, Worsoe, Vielehr and Weideman, among other of our professionals, received incentive pool performance fees earned during 2022. During 2022, AGM determined the amount of the realized performance fees to place into the incentive pool in its discretion after considering various factors, including profitability, management company cash requirements and anticipated future costs, provided that the incentive pool consists of an amount equal to at least 1 of the realized performance fees attributable to profits generated after creation of the incentive pool that were taxable in the applicable year and not allocable to dedicated performance fee entitlements. Each participant in the incentive pool is entitled to receive, as a mandatory component of participation in the incentive pool, his or her pro rata share of this 1 amount each year, provided the participant remains employed by us at the time of allocation. 
 Annual Cash Partner Benefits Stipend . Messrs. Kelly, Worsoe, Vielehr and Weideman receive a supplemental annual cash partner benefits stipend of 250,000 that may be used for benefits or for other purposes. 
 Determination of Compensation of Named Executive Officers 
 Since January 1, 2022, the AGM compensation committee, which is composed solely of independent directors, has assumed responsibility for AGM NEO compensation, including for Messrs. Kleinman, Zelter and Kelly, and Messrs. Kleinman and Zelter have determined the compensation of our named executive officers (excluding themselves and Mr. Kelly). Compensation terms for Messrs. Kleinman and Zelter, reflected in their employment arrangements, were determined prior to 2022, and no changes were made to them during 2022. Neither Mr. Kleinman nor Mr. Zelter received an annual bonus in 2022. For the other named executive officers for which Messrs. Kleinman and Zelter determined compensation, factors that our Co-Presidents considered in making determinations in respect of the discretionary component of their annual incentive awards include the type, scope and level of responsibilities, corporate citizenship, enterprise-wide financial performance, and the named executive officer s overall contributions to our success. Our Co-Presidents also considered prior year compensation, the appropriate balance between incentives for long-term and short-term performance, competitive market dynamics and the compensation paid to their peers within the Company. 
 We believe that the compensation of our professionals should primarily be tied to AGM stock performance and the profitability of our different businesses and managed funds. Consistent with past years, our Co-Presidents in 2022 provided that annual salaries for the other named executive officers constituted a relatively small component of the NEOs overall compensation (other than Mr. Kelly). The 2022 annual distributions from the incentive pool for Messrs. Kelly, Worsoe, Vielehr and Weideman all included a discretionary allocation that was based on the Company s performance and the AGM compensation committee s determination of such NEO s individual contributions to the Company s performance. 
 Employment Agreements 
 Each of our NEOs are party to employment agreements, as summarized below. 
 Employment, Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreement with Co-Presidents, Scott Kleinman and James Zelter 
 On November 30, 2021, an ad hoc committee of the Company s Board of Directors (that preceded the formation of the AGM compensation committee) approved new employment agreements for our Co-Presidents, Scott Kleinman and James Zelter. These new agreements govern their compensation for the next five years as they lead the Company following the Mergers. Under these agreements, the Co-Presidents each gave up all existing cash incentive compensation arrangements to the extent unvested and agreed to forgo all future entitlements in respect of bonus, unvested carry and other forms of compensation. In return, they are each earning the equivalent of one million AGM Shares per year for five years, plus the opportunity to earn an additional one million AGM Shares for meeting the fee-related earnings and spread-related earnings per share targets that the Company established in materials it shared with its public stockholders on October 19, 2021, in connection with its Investor Day. None of the AGM Shares underlying this one-time grant of six million AGM RSUs will be delivered or transferable until five years after grant. Consistent with Apollo s compensation philosophy of encouraging and rewarding extended periods of outstanding service, three million AGM Shares were vested at grant (subject to certain restrictive covenants) and the remainder 
 -143- 

Table of Contents 

 are eligible to vest at the end of five years. We believe these arrangements drive complete alignment with Apollo s stockholders. 
 Under their agreements, effective January 1, 2022, each of Messrs. Kleinman and Zelter receive an annual base salary of 100,000 per year and receive no further bonuses, allocations of performance fees or other forms of new compensation. 
 As required by the terms of their current performance fee arrangements, each of Messrs. Kleinman and Zelter has made investments of his own capital in various funds we manage, which investments continue. 
 Employment Agreement with Chief Financial Officer, Johannes Worsoe 
 On February 11, 2022, we entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Worsoe, our Chief Financial Officer, effective as of March 15, 2022. Under his employment agreement, Mr. Worsoe s annual base salary is 650,000 and he is eligible for an annual discretionary award (which, for 2022, had a target value of 1,850,000, the cash portion of which was paid as an allocation from the incentive pool). As noted above, in connection with Mr. Worsoe s appointment as our Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Worsoe received a one-time award of CII RSUs with an aggregate value of 7,500,000, which vests in three equal annual installments, subject to his continued employment on each vesting date and the receipt of performance fees sufficient to cover the associated equity-based compensation expense. This CII RSU award is intended to constitute a significant portion of his annual compensation over a three-year period. Mr. Worsoe is also eligible for an annual partner benefits stipend in the amount of 250,000. In addition, a portion of his total annual compensation may be paid in the form of AGM RSUs or other equity awards that are subject to vesting. 
 Employment, Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreement with Former Chief Financial Officer, Martin Kelly 
 On July 2, 2012, we entered into an employment, non-competition and non-solicitation agreement with Martin Kelly, our former Chief Financial Officer (who continues as the chief financial officer of AGM). Mr. Kelly s annual base salary is 1,000,000 and he is eligible for an annual allocation from the incentive pool in an amount to be determined by the compensation committee in its discretion. 
 Employment Agreement with Chief Operating Officer, Byron Vielehr 
 On August 24, 2022, we entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Vielehr, our Chief Operating Officer, effective as of September 30, 2022. Under his employment agreement, Mr. Vielehr s annual base salary is 650,000 and he is eligible for an annual discretionary award (which, for 2022, had a target value of 1,850,000 and was paid as an allocation from the incentive pool). As noted above, in connection with Mr. Vielehr s appointment as our Chief Operating Officer, Mr. Vielehr received a one-time award of CII RSUs with an aggregate value of 13,500,000, which vest in three equal annual installments, subject to his continued employment on each vesting date and the receipt of performance fees sufficient to cover the associated equity-based compensation expense. Mr. Vielehr also received additional one-time grants of CII RSUs in lieu of certain compensation from his prior employer that he forfeited: (1) one grant of CII RSUs in the amount of up to 5,350,000 (eligible to vest upon an involuntary termination), and (2) one grant of CII RSUs in the amount of 3,750,000, which awards will vest in three equal annual installments. These CII RSU awards are intended to constitute a significant portion of his annual compensation over a three-year period. Mr. Vielehr is also eligible for an annual partner benefits stipend in the amount of 250,000. In addition, a portion of his total annual compensation may be paid in the form of AGM RSUs or other equity awards that are subject to vesting. 
 Employment Agreement with Global General Counsel, Christian Weideman 
 On December 15, 2016, we entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Weideman, our Global General Counsel, effective as of January 23, 2017. Under his employment agreement, Mr. Weideman s annual base salary is 400,000 (currently 650,000) and he is eligible for an annual discretionary award (which, for 2022, was paid as an allocation from the incentive pool). A portion of Mr. Weideman s total annual compensation may be paid in the form of AGM RSUs or other equity awards that are subject to vesting. 
 Executive Share Ownership Guidelines 
 The compensation committee of AGM adopted the executive share ownership guidelines, effective as of November 1, 2022, pursuant to which all executive officers of AAM, as well as certain members of senior management of AGM, AAM and AHL, are subject to minimum stock ownership requirements in connection with their service. The executive share ownership guidelines are consistent with good governance and enhance alignment with stockholders. The named executive officers are required to hold AGM Shares with the following aggregate values: each of Messrs. Kleinman and Zelter - 10 million; each of 
 -144- 

Table of Contents 

 Messrs. Worsoe, Vielehr and Weideman three times his annual base salary. All of the named executive officers are in compliance with their respective requirements under the executive share ownership guidelines. 
 Tax and Accounting Considerations 
 We consider the tax and accounting impact of compensation alongside the objectives of the executive compensation programs and our compensation philosophy. 
 Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code Section 162(m) generally disallows, absent a grandfathering or other available exemption, a tax deduction to public companies for compensation paid in excess of 1 million to covered employees under Section 162(m) (generally, such company s chief executive officer, its chief financial officer, its three other highest paid executive officers and certain individuals who were covered employees in years other than the then-current taxable year). 
 Under final regulations released in December 2020 that reversed a long-standing position of the Internal Revenue Service, Section 162(m) applies to corporations, such as the Company, in respect of the compensation of covered employees of an operating partnership for which the compensation deduction is allocable to the corporation based on its interest in the partnership. While we consider the deductibility of compensation as a factor in making compensation decisions, we retain the flexibility to provide compensation that is consistent with the Company s goals for its executive compensation program, even if such compensation is not tax deductible. 
 Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 
 Because we are a controlled company, our Board of Directors does not have a compensation committee. Instead, since January 1, 2022, Messrs. Kleinman and Zelter have determined the compensation of our named executive officers (excluding themselves and Mr. Kelly, for whom compensation decisions are made by the compensation committee of AGM). For information about related person transactions involving members of our Board of Directors, see Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 Compensation Committee Report 
 As noted above, our Board of Directors does not have a compensation committee. Our Board of Directors has reviewed and discussed with management the foregoing Compensation Discussion and Analysis and, based on such review and discussion, has determined that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis should be included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Jessica Bibliowicz 
 Michael Ducey 
 Scott Kleinman 
 A.B. Krongard 
 Pauline Richards 
 James Zelter 

-145- 

Table of Contents 

 Summary Compensation Table 
 The following Summary Compensation Table sets forth information concerning the compensation earned by, awarded or paid to our principal executive officers, our current and former principal financial officer and our three other most highly compensated executive officers for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. For Messrs. Kleinman and Zelter, 2022 amounts in the Stock Awards column relate to legacy performance fee programs in which they had vested before 2022 that require that a portion of the performance fee amounts be used to purchase restricted shares of common stock or that portion is delivered to them as a grant of AGM RSUs. Similarly, awards reported under the All Other Compensation column for Messrs. Kleinman and Zelter are distributions with respect to vested partnership interests that were awarded prior to 2022. 
 Name and Principal Position Year Salary ) Bonus ) Stock Awards 
 ) (1) 
 All Other Compensation 
 ) (2) 
 Total ) Scott Kleinman, 
 Co-President 
 2022 100,000 3,976,560 8,081,234 12,157,794 2021 1,200,000 392,478,845 43,308,266 436,987,111 2020 1,200,000 3,453,704 3,014,797 7,668,501 James Zelter, 
 Co-President 
 2022 100,000 1,129,438 4,553,224 5,782,662 2021 100,000 394,592,295 8,894,057 403,586,352 2020 100,000 7,270,328 3,892,056 11,262,384 Johannes Worsoe, 
 Chief Financial Officer beginning February 28, 2022 
 2022 544,676 6,703,963 1,392,560 8,641,199 Martin Kelly (3) , 
 Former Chief Financial Officer before February 28, 2022 
 2022 1,000,000 1,082,082 1,491,637 3,573,719 2021 1,000,000 19,160,680 4,135,828 24,296,508 2020 1,000,000 7,396,975 1,109,528 9,506,503 Anthony Civale (3) , 
 Former Chief Operating Officer 
 before June 30, 2022 
 2022 100,000 374,493 2,587,961 3,062,454 2021 100,000 18,566,763 8,734,567 27,401,330 2020 100,000 5,911,027 939,418 6,950,445 Byron Vielehr, 
 Chief Operating Officer beginning September 30, 2022 
 2022 164,962 21,148,146 1,602,500 22,915,608 Christian Weideman, 
 Global General Counsel 
 2022 650,000 3,768,044 1,350,000 5,768,044 (1) Represents the aggregate grant date fair value of stock awards granted, as applicable, computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. For Messrs. Kleinman and Zelter, amounts shown relate to legacy performance fee programs in which they had vested before 2022 that require that a portion of the performance fee distributions be used to purchase restricted shares of common stock or is delivered to them as a grant of AGM RSUs. The amounts shown do not reflect compensation actually received by the named executive officers, but instead represent the aggregate grant date fair value of the awards. See note 13 to our consolidated financial statements for further information concerning the assumptions made in valuing our AGM RSU awards. 
 (2) Amounts included for 2022 represent, in part, actual incentive pool cash distributions of 1,142,560 for Mr. Worsoe, 1,175,000 for Mr. Kelly, 1,352,500 for Mr. Vielehr and 1,100,000 for Mr. Weideman, realized carry cash distributions of 8,081,234 for Mr. Kleinman, 4,450,358 for Mr. Zelter, 66,637 for Mr. Kelly and 2,587,961 for Mr. Civale and partner benefits stipends of 250,000 for each of Messrs. Worsoe, Kelly, Vielehr and Weideman. For Messrs. Zelter and Civale, the foregoing 2022 amounts include 3,584,647 and 1,240,510, respectively, in cash received in respect of other dedicated performance fee rights. The All Other Compensation column for 2022 also includes costs relating to Company-provided cars and drivers for the business and personal use of Mr. Zelter. We provide this benefit because we believe that its cost is outweighed by the convenience, increased efficiency and added security and confidentiality that it offers. Mr. Zelter s personal use cost was approximately 99,586 and includes both fixed and variable costs, including driver compensation, driver meals, fuel, parking, tolls, repairs and maintenance. Except as discussed in this paragraph, no 2022 perquisites or personal benefits individually exceeded the greater of 25,000 or 10 of the total amount of all perquisites and other personal benefits reported for the named executive officer. The 2022 cost of excess liability insurance provided to our named executive officers falls below this threshold. Messrs. Kleinman, Kelly, Vielehr, Worsoe, Weideman and Civale did not receive perquisites or personal benefits 2022, except for incidental benefits having an aggregate value of less than 10,000. Our named executive officers also receive secretarial support with respect to personal matters, for which we incur no incremental cost. Accordingly, no such amounts are included in the Summary Compensation Table. 
 (3) Amounts shown include all compensation received from the Company or AGM during 2022, including for periods after Messrs. Kelly and Civale ceased to be executive officers of the Company. 
 
 -146- 

Table of Contents 

 Grants of Plan-Based Awards 
 The following table presents information regarding AGM RSUs and restricted shares granted to our named executive officers under the AGM equity plans in 2022. No options were granted to a named executive officer in 2022. 
 Name Grant Date Estimated Future Payouts Under Equity Incentive Plan Awards 
 Target (#) 
 All Other Stock Awards: 
 Number of Shares of Stock or Units (#) (1) 
 Grant Date Fair Value or Modification Date Incremental Fair Value of Stock and Option Awards ) (2) 
 Scott Kleinman February 15, 2022 22,051 1,521,960 February 15, 2022 22,190 1,531,554 May 16, 2022 9,082 473,758 August 16, 2022 457 26,959 August 16, 2022 2,792 164,701 November 15, 2022 725 45,612 November 15, 2022 3,370 212,016 James Zelter February 15, 2022 16,364 1,129,438 Johannes Worsoe May 16, 2022 143,831 6,703,963 Martin Kelly February 17, 2022 17,006 1,069,677 February 15, 2022 162 11,181 August 16, 2022 9 531 November 15, 2022 11 692 Anthony Civale February 15, 2022 2,188 151,015 February 15, 2022 3,113 214,858 August 16, 2022 64 3,775 November 15, 2022 77 4,844 Byron Vielehr November 15, 2022 77,534 4,481,887 November 15, 2022 216,783 13,043,183 November 15, 2022 60,217 3,623,076 Christian Weideman February 17, 2022 48,172 3,079,414 February 17, 2022 10,948 688,629 (1) Represents the number of AGM RSUs and restricted shares granted, as applicable. AGM RSUs and restricted shares are discussed above under Compensation Elements for Named Executive Officers RSUs and Compensation Elements for Named Executive Officers Performance Fees: Dedicated respectively. Except for any RSUs granted to them on February 17, 2022, all above awards for Messrs. Kelly, Kleinman, Zelter and Civale were restricted shares or RSUs granted in respect of performance fee entitlements entered into prior to 2022. 
 (2) Represents the aggregate grant date fair value of the AGM RSUs and restricted shares granted in 2022, computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. The amounts shown do not reflect compensation actually received, but instead represent the aggregate grant date fair value of the award. 

-147- 

Table of Contents 

 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 
 The following table presents information regarding unvested AGM RSU and restricted share awards made by us to our named executive officers under the AGM equity plans that were outstanding at December 31, 2022. Our named executive officers did not hold any options at fiscal year-end. 
 Name Grant Date Number of Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested (#) Market or Payout Value of Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested 
 ) (1) 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested (#) 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested ) (2) 
 Scott Kleinman November 15, 2022 3,370 (3) 214,972 November 15, 2022 725 (3) 46,248 August 16, 2022 2,792 (4) 178,102 August 16, 2022 457 (4) 29,152 May 16, 2022 9,082 (5) 579,341 February 15, 2022 14,701 (6) 937,777 February 15, 2022 14,794 (6) 943,709 December 1, 2021 1,000,000 (7) 63,790,001 December 1, 2021 2,000,000 (8) 127,580,002 November 17, 2021 19,563 (9) 1,247,924 November 17, 2021 27,784 (9) 1,772,341 August 17, 2021 45,844 (10) 2,924,389 February 19, 2021 1,400 (11) 89,306 January 8, 2018 160,000 (13) 10,206,400 James Zelter February 15, 2022 16,364 (14) 1,043,860 December 1, 2021 1,000,000 (7) 63,790,001 December 1, 2021 2,000,000 (8) 127,580,002 November 17, 2021 100 (15) 6,379 November 17, 2021 16 (15) 1,021 August 17, 2021 34 (16) 2,169 May 18, 2021 38 (17) 2,424 February 19, 2021 117,056 (18) 7,467,002 February 17, 2021 13,421 (19) 856,126 February 11, 2020 94,692 (20) 6,040,403 January 8, 2018 500,000 (21) 31,895,001 Johannes Worsoe May 16, 2022 143,831 (22) 9,174,980 Martin Kelly November 15, 2022 11 (3) 702 August 16, 2022 9 (4) 574 February 17, 2022 11,338 (23) 723,251 February 15, 2022 108 (24) 6,889 November 17, 2021 134 (9) 8,548 August 17, 2021 811 (10) 51,734 February 19, 2021 3,788 (25) 241,637 February 19, 2021 46,823 (26) 2,986,839 February 19, 2021 3,902 (12) 248,909 February 11, 2020 94,692 (27) 6,040,403 January 10, 2019 40,097 (28) 2,557,788 Anthony Civale February 19, 2021 46,823 (18) 2,986,839 February 11, 2020 75,753 (22) 4,832,284 June 5, 2018 207,654 (13) 13,246,249 Bryon Vielehr November 15, 2022 77,534 (29) 4,945,894 November 15, 2022 216,783 (29) 13,828,588 November 15, 2022 60,217 (29) 3,841,242 
 -148- 

Table of Contents 

 Christian Weideman February 17, 2022 32,115 (28) 2,048,616 February 17, 2022 7,299 (23) 465,603 February 19, 2021 17,559 (18) 1,120,089 February 19, 2021 1,919 (11) 122,413 February 11, 2020 6,313 (20) 402,706 April 1, 2017 1,590 (30) 101,426 (1) The dollar amounts shown in this column are determined by multiplying the number of shares or units reported in the Number of Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested column by 63.79, the closing price of an AGM Share on the last trading day of 2022. 
 (2) The dollar amounts shown in this column are determined by multiplying the number of shares or units reported in the Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested column by 63.79, the closing price of an AGM Share on the last trading day of 2022. 
 (3) AGM restricted shares that vest in substantially equal annual installments on August 15 of each of 2023, 2024 and 2025. 
 (4) AGM restricted shares that vest in substantially equal annual installments on May 15 of each of 2023, 2024 and 2025. 
 (5) AGM restricted shares that vest in substantially equal annual installments on February 15 of each of 2023, 2024 and 2025. 
 (6) AGM restricted shares that vest in substantially equal annual installments on November 15 of each of 2023 and 2024. 
 (7) AGM RSUs that vest on April 1, 2027, subject to achievement of fee-related and spread-related earnings targets. 
 (8) AGM RSUs that vest on January 1, 2027. 
 (9) AGM restricted shares that vest in substantially equal annual installments on August 15 of each of 2023 and 2024. 
 (10) AGM restricted shares that vest in substantially equal annual installments on May 15 of each of 2023 and 2024. 
 (11) AGM RSUs that vest on December 31, 2023. 
 (12) AGM RSUs that vest in substantially equal annual installments on January 1, 2023 and 2024, subject to the Company s receipt of performance fees, within prescribed periods, sufficient to cover the associated equity-based compensation expense as of such date. 
 (13) AGM RSUs that vest on January 1, 2023, subject to the Company s receipt of performance fees, within prescribed periods, sufficient to cover the associated equity-based compensation expense as of such date. 
 (14) AGM RSUs that vest in substantially equal annual installments on February 15 of each of 2023, 2024 and 2025. 
 (15) AGM RSUs that vest in substantially equal annual installments on November 15 of each of 2023 and 2024. 
 (16) AGM RSUs that vest in substantially equal annual installments on August 15 of each of 2023 and 2024. 
 (17) AGM RSUs that vest in substantially equal annual installments on May 15 of each of 2023 and 2024. 
 (18) AGM RSUs that vest in substantially equal annual installments on January 1 of each of 2023, 2024, 2025 and 2026, subject to the Company s receipt of performance fees, within prescribed periods, sufficient to cover the associated equity-based compensation expense as of such date. 
 (19) AGM RSUs that vest in substantially equal annual installments on February 15 of each of 2023 and 2024. 
 (20) AGM RSUs that vest in substantially equal annual installments on January 1 of each of 2023, 2024 and 2025, subject to the Company s receipt of performance fees, within prescribed periods, sufficient to cover the associated equity-based compensation expense as of such date. 
 (21) AGM RSUs that vest on January 1, 2023, subject to the Company s receipt of performance fees, within prescribed periods, sufficient to cover the associated equity-based compensation expense as of such date. 
 (22) AGM RSUs that vest in substantially equal annual installments on January 1 of each of 2023, 2024 and 2025, subject to the Company s receipt of performance fees, within prescribed periods, sufficient to cover the associated equity-based compensation expense as of such date. 
 (23) AGM RSUs that vest in substantially equal annual installments on December 31 of each of 2023 and 2024. 
 (24) AGM restricted shares that vest in substantially equal annual installments on November 15 of each of 2023 and 2024. 
 (25) AGM RSUs that vest in substantially equal annual installments on January 1 of each of 2023 and 2024. 
 (26) AGM RSUs that vest in substantially equal annual installments on January 1 of each of 2023, 2024, 2025 and 2026, subject to the Company s receipt of performance fees, within prescribed periods, sufficient to cover the associated equity-based compensation expense as of such date. 
 (27) AGM RSUs that vest in substantially equal annual installments on January 1 of each of 2023, 2024 and 2025, subject to the Company s receipt of performance fees, within prescribed periods, sufficient to cover the associated equity-based compensation expense as of such date. 
 (28) AGM RSUs that vest in substantially equal annual installments on January 1 of each of 2023 and 2024, subject to the Company s receipt of performance fees, within prescribed periods, sufficient to cover the associated equity-based compensation expense as of such date. 
 (29) AGM RSUs that vest in substantially equal installments on October 1 of each of 2023, 2024 and 2025, subject to the Company s receipt of performance fees, within prescribed periods, sufficient to cover the associated equity-based compensation expense as of such date. 
 (30) AGM RSUs that vest on March 31, 2023. 

-149- 

Table of Contents 

 Option Exercises and Stock Vested 
 The following table presents information regarding the number of outstanding initially unvested AGM RSUs and restricted shares held by our named executive officers that vested during 2022 and the number of vested AGM RSUs that were granted during 2022. The amounts shown below do not reflect compensation actually received by the named executive officers, but instead are calculations of the number of AGM RSUs and restricted shares that vested (or that were vested at grant) during 2022 based on the closing price of an AGM Share on the date of vesting. AGM Shares received by our named executive officers in respect of vested AGM RSUs are subject to our retained ownership requirements prescribed under the executive share ownership guidelines. No options were exercised by our named executive officers in 2022. 
 Name Type of Award Number of Shares Acquired on Vesting (#) Value Realized on Vesting 
 ) (1) 
 Scott Kleinman RSUs 161,399 11,534,042 Restricted Shares 97,559 5,957,056 James Zelter RSUs 570,522 40,762,022 Restricted Shares Johannes Worsoe RSUs Restricted Shares Martin Kelly RSUs 78,809 5,532,393 Restricted Shares 1,168 70,597 Anthony Civale RSUs 249,764 17,844,484 Restricted Shares 18,544 1,100,511 Byron Vielehr RSUs Restricted Shares Christian Weideman RSUs 36,405 2,294,409 Restricted Shares (1) Amounts calculated by multiplying the number of AGM RSUs or restricted shares held by the named executive officer that vested on each applicable vesting date in 2022 by the closing price per AGM Share on that date. Except for AGM RSUs that were vested at grant, for which the associated AGM Shares are not scheduled to be delivered until 2027, AGM Shares underlying the vested AGM RSUs were issued to the named executive officer shortly after they vested. 
 
 Potential Payments upon Termination or Change in Control 
 None of the named executive officers is entitled to payment or other benefits in connection with a change in control. 
 We may terminate Mr. Kleinman s employment with or without cause, and we will provide 90 days notice (or payment in lieu of such period of notice) prior to a termination without cause. Mr. Kleinman is required to provide 90 days notice prior to a resignation for any reason. If his employment is terminated by us without cause, he will vest in 50 of any unvested portion of his AGM restricted shares, and upon such a termination or a resignation with good reason, Mr. Kleinman will vest in 100 of the time-vesting AGM RSUs granted to him in December 2021. Upon his termination of employment by reason of death or disability, Mr. Kleinman will vest in 50 or more of his then-unvested AGM RSUs and restricted shares. All additional vesting of AGM RSUs subject to the Company s receipt of performance fees within prescribed periods remains subject to those requirements. If Mr. Kleinman s employment is terminated without cause, or he resigns for any reason, he will be entitled to retain his vested dedicated performance fee rights. Mr. Kleinman is required to protect the confidential information of Apollo both during and after employment. In addition, during employment and for 24 months thereafter, he is obligated to refrain from soliciting our employees, investors or other business relations, and, during his employment and for 18 months thereafter, from competing with us. 
 We may terminate Mr. Zelter s employment with or without cause, and we will provide 90 days notice (or payment in lieu of such period of notice) prior to a termination without cause. Mr. Zelter is required to provide 90 days notice prior to a resignation for any reason. If his employment is terminated by us without cause, Mr. Zelter will vest in 50 of any unvested portion of his AGM restricted shares and RSUs he received in respect of certain performance fee entitlements and, upon such a termination or a resignation with good reason, Mr. Zelter will vest in 100 of the time-vesting AGM RSUs granted to him in December 2021. Upon his termination of employment by reason of death or disability, Mr. Zelter will vest in 50 or more of his then-unvested AGM RSUs and restricted shares. All additional vesting of AGM RSUs subject to the Company s receipt of performance fees within prescribed periods remains subject to those requirements. If Mr. Zelter s employment is terminated without cause or he resigns for any reason, he will also be entitled to retain his vested dedicated performance fee rights. Mr. Zelter is required to protect the confidential information of Apollo both during and after employment. In addition, during his 
 -150- 

Table of Contents 

 employment and for 24 months thereafter, he is also obligated to refrain from soliciting our employees, investors or other business relations, and, during his employment and for 18 months thereafter, from competing with us. 
 As discussed above, we entered into a retirement agreement with Mr. Civale on February 3, 2022, pursuant to which Mr. Civale transitioned to a non-executive officer role on July 1, 2022. Mr. Civale officially retired and his employment ceased on January 6, 2023. Based on Mr. Civale s having devoted his career to the Company and having played a pivotal role in the Company s growth and success, he received certain benefits as part of his retirement agreement, including retaining and remaining eligible to vest in the majority of his equity awards and carry points, subject to certain conditions, including abiding by all continuing obligations to Apollo, refraining from engaging in competitive activity and remaining available to provide limited ad hoc advisory services on an as-needed basis. 
 We may terminate Mr. Worsoe s or Mr. Vielehr s employment with or without cause, and we will provide 90 days notice (or payment in lieu of such period of notice) to either such executive officer prior to a termination without cause. Each is required to provide 90 days notice prior to a resignation for any reason. Upon Mr. Vielehr s or Mr. Worsoe s termination of employment due to death or disability, his CII RSUs will accelerate and vest in full, subject to attainment of cash incentive income goals within prescribed periods. Messrs. Worsoe and Vielehr are obligated to refrain from soliciting our employees until 18 months after employment, from soliciting our investors or other business relations until 12 months after employment, and from competing with us until nine months after employment. Each is also subject to perpetual confidentiality covenants. 
 We may terminate Mr. Weideman s employment with or without cause, and we will provide 90 days notice prior to a termination without cause. Mr. Weideman is required to provide 90 days notice prior to a resignation for any reason. Upon Mr. Weideman s termination of employment due to death or disability, 50 or more of Mr. Weideman s RSUs will accelerate and vest, with such vesting of CII RSUs subject to attainment of cash incentive income goals within prescribed periods. To the extent consistent with applicable rules, Mr. Weideman is obligated to refrain from soliciting our employees until 18 months after employment, from soliciting our investors or other business relations until 12 months after employment, and from competing with us until nine months after employment. Mr. Weideman is also subject to perpetual confidentiality covenants. 
 The following table lists the estimated amounts that would have been payable to each of our named executive officers in connection with a termination that occurred on the last day of our last completed fiscal year and the value of any additional equity that would vest upon such termination. When listing the potential payments to named executive officers under the plans and agreements described above, we have assumed that the applicable triggering event occurred on December 31, 2022, and that the price per AGM Share was 63.79, which is equal to the closing price of an AGM Share on such date. For purposes of this table, AGM RSU values are based on the 63.79 closing price. 
 -151- 

Table of Contents 

 Name Reason for Employment Termination Estimated Value of Cash Payments 
 ) (1) 
 Estimated Value of Equity Acceleration 
 ) (2) 
 Scott Kleinman Without cause (4) 
 132,016,979 Death, disability 105,269,832 James Zelter Without cause (4) 
 128,535,991 Death, disability 119,342,193 Johannes Worsoe Without cause Death, disability 9,174,980 Anthony Civale (3) 
 Without cause Death, disability 10,532,686 Byron Vielehr Without cause 4,945,894 Death, disability 22,615,724 Christian Weideman 
 Without cause Death, disability 3,154,734 (1) This amount would have been payable to the named executive officer had his employment been terminated by the Company without cause (and other than by reason of death or disability) or for good reason on December 31, 2022. 
 (2) This amount represents the additional equity vesting that the named executive officer would have received had his employment terminated in the circumstances described in the column Reason for Employment Termination, on December 31, 2022, based on the closing price of an AGM Share on such date. For this purpose, awards that are subject to performance vesting conditions have been treated as having attained such conditions. Please see our Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End table above for information regarding the named executive officer s unvested equity as of December 31, 2022. 
 (3) As discussed above, Mr. Civale entered into a retirement agreement on February 3, 2022 and is eligible to vest in his equity awards reflected in the Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End table above that were unvested as of his January 6, 2023 retirement date, subject to the terms of his agreement. 
 (4) Solely for the December 2021 time-vesting AGM RSU awards, also includes a termination by the executive for good reason. 
 
 CEO to Median Employee Pay Ratio 
 SEC rules require companies to disclose the ratio of the total annual compensation of the principal executive officers PEOs to the total annual compensation of the median employee (calculated excluding the PEOs), and our ratios are as follows: 
 Each of Messrs. Kleinman s and Zelter s total annual compensation as PEO: 12,157,793 and 5,782,662, respectively. 
 Median employee total annual compensation: 253,242 
 Ratio of PEO to median employee total annual compensation of each of Messrs. Kleinman and Zelter: 48:1 and 23:1, respectively. 
 In determining the median employee, we prepared a list of all employees as of December 31, 2022. Consistent with applicable rules, we used reasonable estimates in the methodology used to identify the median employee. We determined the median employee by reviewing the base salary paid in 2022, the annual cash bonus paid in 2022 and the value of the equity awards received in 2022 by employees other than the PEOs. After we determined the median employee, we calculated the median employee s total annual compensation in the same manner in which we calculated the total annual compensation of the PEOs. 
 Director Compensation 
 We do not pay additional remuneration to our employee directors for their service on our Board of Directors. 
 Our independent directors do not receive remuneration for their service on our Board of Directors, other than 25,000 per annum for service on the audit committee, and an additional 25,000 per annum for service as the chair of the audit committee. 
 The following table provides the compensation earned by our independent directors for their service on our Board of Directors during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 -152- 

Table of Contents 

 Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ) (1) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) Jessica Bibliowicz 18,750 (2) 18,750 Michael Ducey 25,000 25,000 A.B. Krongard 25,000 25,000 Pauline Richards 50,000 50,000 (1) Represents cash amounts earned in 2022 for service on the audit committee (and, for Ms. Richards, as chair of the audit committee). These amounts were earned in 2022 and accordingly the above figures include amounts that were paid in 2023 but earned in 2022 and exclude amounts (having the same value) that were earned in 2021 and paid in 2022. 
 (2) Represents a pro rata amount for 2022, as Ms. Bibliowicz joined the audit committee on March 31, 2022. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 AGM Inc. directly holds all of our issued and outstanding common stock. As a result, other than AGM Inc., there are no beneficial owners of more than five percent of any class of our voting securities and our management does not hold any of our shares of common stock. 
 However, members of our management beneficially own shares of common stock of AGM Inc., our parent. Pursuant to the requirements of Item 403 of Regulation S-K, the following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of AGM Inc. s common stock as of February 1, 2023 by (i) each of our directors, (ii) each person who is a named executive officer for 2022 and (iii) all directors and executive officers as a group. 
 The number of shares of AGM Inc. s common stock issued and outstanding and the percentages of beneficial ownership are based on 570,451,922 shares of AGM Inc. s common stock issued and outstanding as of February 1, 2023. 
 Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC. To our knowledge, each person named in the table below has sole voting and investment power with respect to all of the shares of AGM Inc. s common stock shown as beneficially owned by such person, except as otherwise set forth in the notes to the table and pursuant to applicable community property laws. Unless otherwise indicated, the address of each person named in the table is c/o Apollo Global Management, Inc., 9 West 57th Street, New York, NY 10019. 
 -153- 

Table of Contents 

 Common Stock Beneficially Owned Number (1) 
 Percentage 
 Directors and Executive Officers: Scott Kleinman (2) 
 3,886,991 James Zelter (3)(4) 
 3,565,712 Jessica Bibliowicz Mike Ducey (5) 
 62,572 Alvin Bernard Krongard (6) 
 433,581 Pauline Richards 75,743 Anthony Civale (3) 
 1,523,901 Martin Kelly 184,991 Byron Vielehr Christian Weideman 136,008 Johannes Worsoe 47,943 All directors and executive officers as a group (9 persons) (7) 
 8,208,550 1.40 Represents less than 1 
 (1) The number of shares included in the table above includes the following underlying RSUs that will be delivered within 60 days of February 1, 2023: 250,194 for Mr. Civale; 39,208 shares for Mr. Kelly; 161,649 shares for Mr. Kleinman; 33,497 for Mr. Weideman; 47,943 shares for Mr. Worsoe; and 522,319 shares for Mr. Zelter. 
 (2) The number of shares presented are directly and indirectly held by vehicles over which the named individual exercises voting and investment control. The number of shares also includes shares held by a vehicle owned by the named individual and a trust for the benefit of the named individual s descendants and for which the named individual s father acts as trustee; the named individual disclaims beneficial ownership of the securities held by this vehicle except to the extent of his direct or indirect pecuniary interest. 
 (3) The number of shares presented are directly and indirectly held by vehicles over which the named individual exercises voting and investment control. 
 (4) Includes 113,276 shares which were gifted to JVZ Foundation, an entity over which the reporting person exercises voting and investment control but over which he retains no pecuniary interest. 
 (5) Includes 2,616 shares held by two trusts for the benefit of the named individual s grandchildren, for which the named individual and several of his immediate family members are trustees and have shared investment power. The named individual disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares held in the trusts, except to the extent of his pecuniary interest therein. Also includes 5 shares held by a trust, an entity for which the named individual and his spouse have shared voting and investment power. 
 (6) Includes 250,000 shares held by a trust for the benefit of the named individual s children, for which the named individual s children are the trustees. The named individual disclaims beneficial ownership with respect to such shares, except to the extent of his pecuniary interest therein. Also includes 113,043 shares held by a trust for the benefit of the named individual and for which the named individual s children act as trustee; the named individual disclaims beneficial ownership of the securities held by this vehicle except to the extent of his pecuniary interest therein. 
 (7) The number of directors and executive officers as a group includes directors and current executive officers. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The following is a description of certain relationships and transactions since January 1, 2022, for which the amount involved exceeds 120,000 and our directors, executive officers, or shareholders that beneficially own more than five percent of our common stock have a direct or indirect material interest as well as certain other transactions. 
 Roll-Up Agreements 
 Pursuant to the Roll-Up Agreements, the Contributing Partners received interests in AP Professional Holdings, L.P. Holdings ), which we refer to as AOG Units (as defined below), in exchange for their contribution of assets to the Apollo Operating Group. In connection with the closing of the Mergers, the Roll-Up Agreements were amended to remove all covenants and agreements contained therein other than provisions relating to certain previously consummated roll-up transactions and the litigation cooperation covenant and to add certain matters relating to AAM s tax receivable agreement. 
 Exchange Implementation Agreement 
 On December 31, 2021, in connection with the restructuring that occurred prior to the closing of the Mergers, AGM and certain other persons entered into an Exchange Implementation Agreement (the Exchange Implementation Agreement with certain holders of Apollo Operating Group (as defined in the amended and restated certificate of incorporation of AGM) units AOG Units ). Pursuant to the Exchange Implementation Agreement, such holders of AOG Units exchanged a portion of such AOG Units for AGM shares concurrently with the consummation of the Mergers. Additionally, under the Exchange Implementation Agreement, on December 31, 2021, the remainder of the AOG Units held by such holders were sold and transferred to APO Corp., a wholly-owned consolidated subsidiary of AAM, in exchange for an amount equal to 3.66 multiplied by the total 
 -154- 

Table of Contents 

 number of AOG Units held by such holders as of immediately prior to the restructuring. Such amount is payable over a period of three years in equal quarterly installments. 
 Amended and Restated Tax Receivable Agreement 
 Prior to the consummation of our corporate reorganization on January 1, 2022, and subject to certain restrictions, each of our Former Managing Partners and Contributing Partners had the right to exchange the AOG Units that they held through their partnership interests in Holdings (together with the corresponding interest in our former Class B share) for our Class A shares in a taxable exchange. Each of the Apollo Operating Group entities having made an election under Section 754 of the Internal Revenue Code, any such taxable exchanges, as well as acquisitions of units from our Former Managing Partners or Contributing Partners, resulted in an adjustment to the tax basis of a portion of the assets owned by the Apollo Operating Group at the time of the exchange. These taxable exchanges resulted in increases in the tax depreciation and amortization deductions from depreciable and amortizable assets, as well as an increase in the tax basis of other assets, of the Apollo Operating Group that otherwise would not have been available. A portion of these increases in tax depreciation and amortization deductions, as well as the increase in the tax basis of such other assets, will reduce the amount of tax that we would otherwise be required to pay in the future. 
 We have entered into a tax receivable agreement with our Former Managing Partners and Contributing Partners that provides for the payment by us to our Former Managing Partners or Contributing Partners of 85 of the amount of actual cash savings, if any, in U.S. Federal, state, local and foreign income tax that we realize (or are deemed to realize in the case of an early termination payment by us or a change of control) as a result of these increases in tax deductions and tax basis, and certain other tax benefits, including imputed interest expense, related to payments pursuant to the tax receivable agreement. We expect to benefit from the remaining 15 of actual cash savings, if any, in income tax that it realizes. For purposes of the tax receivable agreement, cash savings in income tax will be computed by comparing our actual income tax liability to the amount of such taxes that we would have been required to pay had there been no increase to the tax basis of the tangible and intangible assets of the applicable Apollo Operating Group entity as a result of the transaction and had we not entered into the tax receivable agreement. The tax savings achieved may not ensure that we have sufficient cash available to pay our tax liability or generate additional distributions to our investors. Also, we may need to incur additional debt to repay the tax receivable agreement if our cash flow needs are not met. The term of the tax receivable agreement will continue until all such tax benefits have been utilized or expired, unless we exercise the right to terminate the tax receivable agreement by paying an amount based on the present value of payments remaining to be made under the agreement with respect to units that have been exchanged or sold. In May 2022, we irrevocably waived our early termination right in the tax receivable agreement. 
 The IRS could challenge our claim to any increase in the tax basis of the assets owned by the Apollo Operating Group that resulted from the exchanges entered into by the Former Managing Partners or Contributing Partners. The IRS could also challenge any additional tax depreciation and amortization deductions or other tax benefits (including deductions for imputed interest expense associated with payments made under the tax receivable agreement) that we claimed as a result of, or in connection with, such increases in the tax basis of such assets. If the IRS were to successfully challenge a tax basis increase or tax benefits we previously claimed from a tax basis increase, our Former Managing Partners and Contributing Partners would not be obligated under the tax receivable agreement to reimburse us for any payments previously made to them (although any future payments would be adjusted to reflect the result of such challenge). As a result, in certain circumstances, payments could be made to our Former Managing Partners and Contributing Partners under the tax receivable agreement in excess of 85 of our actual aggregate cash tax savings. In general, estimating the amount of payments that may be made to our Former Managing Partners and Contributing Partners under the tax receivable agreement is by its nature, imprecise, in the absence of an actual transaction, insofar as the calculation of amounts payable depends on a variety of factors. The actual increase in tax basis and the amount and timing of any payments under the tax receivable agreement will vary depending upon a number of factors, including, but not limited to, the timing and amount of our future income. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we made payments totaling 46,448,460 to our Former Managing Partners and executive officers (or to their estate planning vehicles) pursuant to the tax receivable agreement, related to tax benefits treated as realized thereunder by APO Corp. in 2021. Those payments included 348,903 for Mr. Kleinman, and 175,827 for Mr. Zelter. 
 Employment Arrangements 
 Please see the section entitled Item 11. Executive Compensation Employment Agreements and Potential Payments upon Termination or Change in Control for a description of the employment agreements of our named executive officers who have employment agreements. 
 -155- 

Table of Contents 

 Global Intercompany Note 
 We are party to a global intercompany note with AGM among other parties thereto, which permits us, AGM and the other parties thereto to borrow money from, or lend to, each other on an unsecured basis and at an interest rate set forth therein which is updated from time to time. As of December 31, 2022, there was an outstanding balance of 579.4 million due to AGM under the note. In 2022, we paid 608.0 million of principal and interest to AGM pursuant to this note. 
 Relationships and Related Party Transactions Involving Athene or other AGM Affiliates 
 AGM owns all of our outstanding shares of common stock. See note 1 to the financial statements included in this annual report for further information. Through our longstanding relationship with Athene, we assist Athene in identifying and capitalizing on acquisition opportunities that have been critical to Athene s ability to significantly grow its business. James R. Belardi, the Athene Chief Executive Officer and a member of Athene s board of directors, is a member of the board of directors and executive officer of AGM and the Chief Executive Officer of ISG, one of our subsidiaries that, together with Apollo, manages Athene s investments. Mr. Belardi owns a profits interest in ISG and in connection with such interest receives quarterly distributions equal to 3.35 of base management fees and 4.5 of sub-advisory fees, as such fees are defined in our fee agreement with Athene. Mr. Belardi is also a director of the general partner of ISG. Three of Athene s other directors, Messrs. Lohr, Michelini, and Rowan, also serve as directors of the general partner of ISG. Additionally, six of the fourteen members of Athene s board of directors, including Mr. Belardi, are employees of or consultants of us or our affiliates. Six members of Athene s board of directors, James Belardi, Marc Rowan, Scott Kleinman, Marc Beilinson, Mitra Hormozi and Lynn Swann, also serve as directors of AGM. The total amounts Athene incurred, directly and indirectly, from us and our affiliates were 1.1 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022. Such amounts include (1) fees associated with investment management agreements, which exclude sub-advisory fees paid to ISG, one of our subsidiaries, for the benefit of third-party sub-advisors but include fees charged by us to third-party cedants with respect to assets supporting obligations reinsured to Athene (such fees directly reduce the settlement payments that Athene receives from the third-party cedant and, as such, Athene, as beneficiaries of the services performed, indirectly pays such fees), (2) fees associated with fund investments (including those fund investments held by AAA), which include total management fees, carried interest (including unrealized but accrued carried interest fees) and other fees on Apollo-managed funds and Athene s other alternative investments, and (3) other fees resulting from shared services, advisory and other agreements with us or our affiliates; net of fees incurred directly and indirectly attributable to ACRA, based upon the economic ownership of the noncontrolling interest in ACRA. 
 Investment Management Relationships 
 Substantially all of Athene s invested assets are managed by us pursuant to investment management agreements IMAs ). We provide a full array of asset and portfolio management services to Athene. As of December 31, 2022, Athene had 212.1 billion of investments, including related parties. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our investment professionals managed substantially all of the assets in the accounts owned by Athene or in accounts supporting reinsurance ceded to Athene s subsidiaries by third-party issuers in a number of asset classes, including investment grade corporate credit, RMBS, high yield credit, commercial mortgage loans, CLOs, CMBS, and certain asset-backed securities ABS ). 
 Fee Structure 
 Under the fee agreement with ISG, Athene pays us a base management fee of (1) 0.225 per year of the lesser of (A) 103.4 billion, which represents the aggregate market value of substantially all of the assets in the Athene Accounts as of December 31, 2018 Backbook Value and (B) the aggregate book value of substantially all of the assets in the Athene Accounts at the end of the respective month, plus (2) 0.15 per year of the amount, if any, by which the aggregate book value of substantially all of the assets in the Athene Accounts at the end of the respective month exceeds the Backbook Value subject to certain adjustments. Additionally, Athene pays a sub-allocation fee based on specified asset class tiers ranging from 0.065 to 0.70 of the book value with the higher percentages in this range for asset classes that are designed to have more alpha generating abilities. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, Athene paid us management fees, inclusive of base and sub-allocation fees, of 775 million. 
 From time to time, Athene participates in transactions in which one or more service providers affiliated with Apollo provide certain advisory services, such as structuring, capital markets advisory, syndication and/or other related services, and receive fees for such services (collectively, Apollo ASP Fees ). In 2022, Athene participated in 14 such transactions and bore the economic cost of approximately 58 million of Apollo ASP Fees. From time to time, Athene may receive certain upfront fees and/or fee rebates, in respect of its participation in such transactions. Affiliates of Apollo also earn additional fees paid by funds 
 -156- 

Table of Contents 

 or other collective investment vehicles in which Athene is invested for management and other services provided by such affiliates of Apollo to such funds and investment vehicles. 
 Termination of ACRA System Investment Management or Advisory Agreements with Apollo 
 The investment management or advisory agreements between Athene and our applicable subsidiary have no stated term and may be terminated by either our applicable subsidiary, Athene, or the relevant Athene subsidiary, as applicable, upon notice at any time. However, the Athene bye-laws currently provide that, with respect to IMAs covering assets backing reserves and surplus in ACRA, whether from internal reinsurance, third party reinsurance, or inorganic transactions ACRA System IMA ), among Athene or any of its subsidiaries, on the one hand, and ISG (one of our subsidiaries), on the other hand, Athene may not, and will cause its subsidiaries not to, terminate any ACRA System IMA among Athene or any of its subsidiaries, on the one hand, and our applicable subsidiary, on the other hand, other than on June 4, 2023 or any two year anniversary of such date (each such date, an IMA Termination Election Date and any termination on an IMA Termination Election Date requires (i) the approval of two-thirds of Athene s independent directors and (ii) prior written notice to our applicable subsidiary of such termination at least 30 days, but not more than 90 days, prior to an IMA Termination Election Date. If Athene s independent directors make such election to terminate and notice of such termination is delivered, the termination will be effective no earlier than the second anniversary of the applicable IMA Termination Election Date IMA Termination Effective Date ). Notwithstanding the foregoing, Athene s board of directors may only terminate an ACRA System IMA on an IMA Termination Election Date for AHL Cause as defined in Athene s bye-laws and pursuant to the provisions set forth therein. 
 Athene s organizational documents give Athene s independent directors complete discretion, while acting in good faith, as to whether to determine if an AHL Cause event has occurred with respect to any ACRA System IMA with our applicable subsidiary. 
 The boards of directors of Athene s subsidiaries may terminate an ACRA System IMA with our applicable subsidiary relating to the applicable Athene subsidiary if such subsidiary s board of directors determines that such termination is required in the exercise of its fiduciary duties. 
 Fund Investments 
 We invest certain of Athene s assets in investment funds or other collective investment vehicles whose general partner, managing member, investment manager or collateral manager is owned, directly or indirectly, by us or by one or more of our subsidiaries (the Apollo Fund Investments ). Apollo Fund Investments comprised 94 of Athene s net alternative investment portfolio as of December 31, 2022. Athene opportunistically allocates 5-6 of the assets in the Athene Accounts to alternative investments. As of December 31, 2022, 6 of Athene s net invested assets were invested in Apollo Fund Investments. Fees related to such invested assets varied from 0 per annum to 2 per annum with respect to management fees and 0 to 20 of profits for carried interest, subject in many cases to preferred return hurdles. 
 The Apollo Fund Investments, net of ACRA non-controlling interests, consisted of the following: 
 December 31, 2022 (In millions, except percentages) Invested Asset Value Percent of Total Strategic origination platforms Wheels Donlen 662 5.9 Redding Ridge 624 5.5 NNN Lease 579 5.1 MidCap 604 5.3 Foundation Home Loans 302 2.7 PK AirFinance 251 2.2 Aqua Finance 267 2.4 Other 308 2.7 Total strategic origination platforms 3,597 31.8 
 -157- 

Table of Contents 

 December 31, 2022 (In millions, except percentages) Invested Asset Value Percent of Total Strategic retirement services platforms Athora 1,012 8.9 Catalina 417 3.7 Challenger 217 1.9 Venerable 241 2.2 Total strategic retirement services platforms 1,887 16.7 Apollo and other fund investments Equity 2,277 20.1 Hybrid 2,461 21.8 Yield 867 7.7 Other 224 1.9 Net Apollo Fund Investments 11,313 100.0 
 As of December 31, 2022, 16.2 of Athene s total investments, including related parties and consolidated VIEs, are comprised of securities, including investment funds, in which we or one of our affiliates has significant influence or control over the issuer of a security or the sponsor of the investment fund. The following table summarizes Athene s cash flow activity related to these investments for the period presented below: 
 (In millions) Year ended December 31, 2022 Sales, maturities and repayments 6,055 Purchases (9,800) 
 Apollo Aligned Alternatives, L.P. 
 In 2022, Athene contributed 8,007 million of certain of its alternative investments to AAA, a fund we manage, in exchange for limited partnership interests in AAA. Athene consolidates AAA as a VIE. In addition, in 2022 Apollo sold certain assets to AAA, in exchange for approximately 149 million in the aggregate. Apollo established AAA for the purpose of providing a single vehicle through which Athene and third-party investors can participate in a portfolio of alternative investments. Additionally, we believe AAA enhances Apollo s ability to increase alternative assets under management by raising capital from third parties, which will allow Athene to achieve greater scale and diversification for alternatives. Third-party investors began to invest in AAA on July 1, 2022. 
 MidCap 
 Athene holds significant investments in MidCap. In addition, one of Athene s directors, Hope Taitz, currently serves on the board of MidCap. 
 The following summarizes Athene s net invested assets in MidCap and its affiliates: 
 (In millions) December 31, 2022 Investment fund 604 Senior unsecured notes 130 Fixed income securities 1,275 Total MidCap net invested assets 2,009 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, Athene earned income of 102 million on the MidCap investment fund, which previously represented an investment in profit participating notes but was contributed to AAA during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 MidCap may also originate or source loans that Athene purchases directly, consisting of ABS and CLO securities issued by MidCap affiliates, which are included in the table above as fixed income securities. As is customary practice for loan originators, MidCap may retain a percentage of the origination fees on the loans Athene purchases that are paid by the borrowers and may also act as agent for the lenders under the related loan agreements. 
 -158- 

Table of Contents 

 Athora 
 Athene has an investment in Athora s equity which Athene holds as an investment fund and, as of December 31, 2022, represented 10 of the aggregate voting power of and 17 of the economic interest in Athora. During the year ended December 31, 2022, Athene also invested in Athora s non-redeemable preferred stock. The following table summarizes Athene s net invested assets in Athora: 
 (In millions) December 31, 2022 Investment fund 1,012 Non-redeemable preferred stock 274 Total investment in Athora 1,286 
 Athene also has a Cooperation Agreement (Cooperation Agreement), dated January 1, 2018, between Athene and Athora. Pursuant to the Cooperation Agreement, among other things, (1) for a period of 30 days from the receipt of notice of a cession, Athene has the right of first refusal to reinsure (a) up to 50 of the liabilities ceded from Athora s reinsurance subsidiaries to Athora Life Re Ltd. and (b) up to 20 of the liabilities ceded from a third party to any of Athora s insurance subsidiaries, subject to a limitation in the aggregate of 20 of Athora s liabilities, (2) Athora agreed to cause its insurance subsidiaries to consider the purchase of certain funding agreements and/or other spread instruments issued by Athene s insurance subsidiaries, subject to a limitation that the fair market value of such funding agreements purchased by any of Athora s insurance subsidiaries may generally not exceed 3 of the fair market value of such subsidiary s total assets, (3) Athene provides Athora with a right of first refusal to pursue acquisition and reinsurance transactions in Europe (other than the United Kingdom) and (4) Athora provides Athene and its subsidiaries with a right of first refusal to pursue acquisition and reinsurance transactions in North America and the United Kingdom. Notwithstanding the foregoing, pursuant to the Cooperation Agreement, Athora is only required to use its reasonable best efforts to cause its subsidiaries to adhere to the provisions set forth in the Cooperation Agreement and therefore Athora s ability to cause its subsidiaries to act pursuant to the Cooperation Agreement may be limited by, among other things, legal prohibitions or the inability to obtain the approval of the board of directors or other applicable governing body of the applicable subsidiary, which approval is solely at the discretion of such governing body. As of December 31, 2022, Athene had not exercised its right of first refusal to reinsure liabilities ceded to Athora s insurance or reinsurance subsidiaries. 
 As of December 31, 2022, Athene had outstanding funding agreements in the aggregate principal amount of 59 million issued to Athora. Athene also has commitments to make additional equity investments in Athora of 551 million as of December 31, 2022. 
 Catalina 
 Athene has an investment in Apollo Rose, a fund that we manage, which holds equity interests in Catalina. During the fourth quarter of 2022, Athene entered into a strategic modco reinsurance agreement with Catalina General Insurance Ltd., which is a subsidiary of Catalina, to cede 4.9 billion of funding agreements. 
 Third Party Sub-Advisory Agreements 
 In the limited instances in which we desire to invest in asset classes for which we do not possess the investment expertise or sourcing abilities required to manage the assets, or in instances in which we make the determination that it is more effective or efficient to do so, we mandate third-party sub-advisors to invest in such asset classes, and Athene reimburses us for fees paid to such sub-advisors. For the year ended December 31, 2022, Athene reimbursed us 4 million of sub-advisory fees for the benefit of third-party sub-advisors. 
 Reinsurance of Voya Financial, Inc. and Investment in VA Capital Company LLC and Debt Financing to Venerable Holdings, Inc. 
 In December 2017 a consortium of investors, led by our affiliates including Athene, and certain other investors, agreed to purchase Venerable Insurance and Annuity Company VIAC ), including its closed block variable annuity segment, and create a newly formed standalone entity, Venerable, to be the holding company of VIAC. On June 1, 2018, Athene entered into reinsurance agreements with VIAC and ReliaStar Life Insurance Company (RLI), pursuant to which Athene reinsured a block of fixed and fixed indexed annuity liabilities from VIAC and RLI (FA Business Reinsurance Agreements). The aggregate reserves of VIAC and RLI that are subject to the FA Business Reinsurance Agreements as of June 1, 2018 were approximately 19 billion. As consideration for the transactions contemplated by the FA Business Reinsurance Agreements, Athene paid to VIAC and RLI an aggregate ceding commission of approximately 396 million. All of the business ceded by VIAC to ALRe was recaptured by VIAC as of December 31, 2019. 
 -159- 

Table of Contents 

 Immediately following such recapture, VIAC ceded to AARe all of the recaptured business previously reinsured by ALRe. VIAC was acquired by Venerable on June 1, 2018. Athene has a minority equity investment in VA Capital, the parent of Venerable, which was 241 million as of December 31, 2022. Additionally, as of December 31, 2022, Athene held 244 million, 15-year term loan receivables from Venerable, which are held at fair value. 
 Strategic Partnership 
 Funds we manage have an agreement with Athene pursuant to which Athene may invest up to 2.875 billion in funds managed by our entities. Fees for such investments payable by Athene to us are designed to be more favorable to Athene than market rates, and consistent with Athene s existing alternative investments, investments made under this strategic partnership remain subject to Athene s existing governance processes, including approval by its conflicts committee, where applicable. During the year ended December 31, 2022, Athene invested a net 480 million under this strategic partnership and contributed or sold 957 million of the strategic partnership investments to AAA. 
 PK AirFinance 
 During the fourth quarter of 2019, we and Athene purchased PK AirFinance PK ), an aviation lending business, from GE. In connection with this transaction, Athene acquired PK s in-force loan portfolio Aviation Loans ). The Aviation Loans are generally fully secured by aircraft leases and aircraft. We acquired the PK loan origination platform, including personnel and systems, for 30 million, pursuant to certain agreements entered into between us, Athene, and certain entities managed by us (collectively, PK Transaction Agreements ). The existing Aviation Loans were acquired and securitized by a newly formed SPV for which we act as ABS manager ABS-SPV ). The ABS-SPV issued tranches of senior notes Senior Notes and subordinated notes Subordinated Notes ), which are secured by the Aviation Loans. In connection with the acquisition of the existing Aviation Loans by the ABS-SPV, (1) a tranche of senior notes was acquired by third-party investors and (2) Athene purchased mezzanine tranches of the Senior Notes and the Subordinated Notes. 
 In addition to the investment in the Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes, Athene also has a right to acquire, whether directly, through the ABS- SPV or through a similar vehicle, all Aviation Loans originated by PK Forward Flow Loans ). All of our servicing and administrative costs and expenses (determined at cost, without mark-up) that are incurred in connection with the sourcing, origination, servicing and maintaining the Forward Flow Loans, net of any service fees and servicing and administrative cost and expense reimbursement amounts received directly from the ABS-SPV or other entities investing in the Forward Flow Loans will be allocated to, and reimbursed by the ABS-SPV or Athene, as applicable, subject to an agreed-upon annual cap. 
 In addition to the payment of the expenses described in the preceding paragraph and the base management fee paid to us on all assets managed by us, the investees in the ABS-SPV including Athene have paid or expect to pay the following fees to us or certain service providers that are affiliates of, or are companies managed by, us in connection with the PK Transaction Agreements: 
 (A) To us, sub-allocation fees on the Senior Notes based on the sub-allocation rates applicable to Yield Assets and sub-allocation fees on the Subordinated Notes based on the sub-allocation rates applicable to High Alpha Assets. 
 (B) To Redding Ridge, a company in which certain funds we manage have an interest, as consideration for assistance with the structuring, monitoring, support and maintenance of the securitization transactions, a one-time structuring fee of 1.6 million, as well as ongoing support fees equal to 1.5 bps on the total capitalization amount and certain other fees, which may become due upon the occurrence of certain events; and 
 (C) To Merx Aviation Servicing Limited, a portfolio company of a vehicle we manage, with respect to certain diligence, technical support and enforcement, remarketing and restructuring services with respect to the existing Aviation Loans and the Forward Flow Loans, a one-time servicing fee of 1 million, as well as certain special situations fees, which may become due upon the occurrence of certain events. 
 During 2022, we transferred the PK loan origination platform (including personnel and systems) to AAA. The platform was acquired by a newly created operating company formed under PK Holdings LP, the partnership through which Athene is invested in PK. Such acquisition was facilitated by an upsize to AAA s commitment in PK Holdings LP. Additionally, at the time of the restructure, fees applicable to Athene s equity investment in PK were amended to align with the standardized platform fee structure of several of the other origination platforms currently held in AAA. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, Athene paid us 3.1 million of services reimbursements relating to PK. 
 -160- 

Table of Contents 

 Wheels Donlen 
 Athene has an indirect limited partnership investment in Athene Freedom Parent, LP, for which one of our affiliates is the general partner. Athene Freedom Parent, LP invests in Wheels Donlen (the product of the merger of Wheels and Donlen in 2021) and, during the fourth quarter of 2022, also invested in LeasePlan USA, Inc (Wheels Donlen, together with LeasePlan, collectively, Wheels Donlen LeasePlan). Additionally, Athene owns fixed income securities issued separately by Wheels, Donlen and LeasePlan. LeasePlan is a fleet leasing and management services business in which Athene invested in December 2022 through AAA as an add-on acquisition to its existing investments in Wheels Donlen. The following summarizes the net invested assets in Wheels Donlen LeasePlan: 
 (In millions) December 31, 2022 Investment fund 662 Fixed income securities 931 Total Wheels Donlen net invested assets 1,593 
 Challenger 
 On July 6, 2021, we and Athene agreed to acquire up to an 18 minority interest in Challenger Ltd. Challenger from an existing shareholder, 3 of which was subject to customary Australian Prudential Regulation Authority approval, which was obtained in December 2021. When combined with other Challenger shares acquired by Athene and us, the acquisition resulted in a total minority economic interest of 18 for approximately A 795 million (or U.S. 568 million) as of December 31, 2021. During 2022, Athene and Apollo acquired an additional A 54 million (or US 38 million) of Challenger shares resulting in a total minority economic interest of 19 . Challenger is an annuity provider and credit manager publicly traded on the Australian Securities Exchange. 
 Atlas Securitized Products Holdings LP 
 On February 8, 2023, AGM and CS undertook the first close of their previously announced transaction, whereby certain subsidiaries of Atlas, an entity in which AAA is the sole limited partner and Apollo is the general partner, acquired certain assets of the CS Securitized Products Group (the Transaction ). A subsequent closing was held on February 23, 2023. Under the terms of the Transaction, Atlas has agreed to pay CS 3.3 billion, 0.4 billion of which is deferred until February 8, 2026, and 2.9 billion of which is deferred until February 8, 2028. This deferred purchase price is an obligation first of Atlas, second of AAA, third of the Company (which has issued an assurance letter to AAA), fourth of AHL and fifth of AARe. Each of AARe and AHL has issued an assurance letter to CS for the full deferred purchase obligation amount of 3.3 billion. In exchange for the purchase price, Atlas expects to receive, by the Transaction s final close, approximately 0.4 billion in cash and a portfolio of senior secured warehouse assets, subject to debt, with approximately 1 billion of tangible equity value (to the extent that the warehouse assets received by Atlas constitute less than 1 billion of tangible equity value, the amount of cash is expected to increase by an offsetting amount). These warehouse assets are senior secured assets at industry standard loan-to-value ratios, structured to investment grade-equivalent criteria, and were approved by Atlas in connection with this Transaction. In addition, Atlas has entered into an investment management contract to manage certain unrelated assets on behalf of CS, providing for quarterly payments expected to total approximately 1.1 billion net to Atlas over 5 years. Finally, Atlas shall also benefit generally from the net spread earned on its assets in excess of its cost of financing. As a result, the fair value of the liability related to the Company s assurance letter to AAA is not material to the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 Certain affiliates of Athene (the Athene Lenders have also entered into junior financing transactions with Atlas as part of the Transaction, pursuant to which the Athene Lenders have agreed to make loans to certain affiliates of Atlas from time to time up to an aggregate of 1 billion for a specified revolving period. The Athene Lenders have also entered into junior financing transactions pursuant to repurchase arrangements with Atlas as part of the Transaction, pursuant to which the Athene Lenders have agreed, on an uncommitted basis, to make loans to certain affiliates of Atlas from time to time in connection with the financing of residential and commercial mortgage loans. 
 ACRA 
 Athene, through its subsidiary ALRe, owns 36.55 of the economic interests in ACRA, a long-duration capital vehicle, and all of ACRA s voting interests, with the remaining 63.45 of the economic interests being owned by ADIP, a series of funds managed by us. ACRA has the right to participate in certain transactions and funds such participation by drawing a portion of the required capital for such transactions from ADIP equal to ADIP s proportionate economic interest in ACRA, and drawing the remaining required capital from ALRe. 
 -161- 

Table of Contents 

 ACRA s board of directors currently consists of thirteen directors. ALRe has nominated eight directors to serve on the ACRA board: (1) one is the Chairman, (2) one is a representative of Apollo, (3) two are our representatives, (4) two are representatives of both Apollo and us and (5) two are independent directors. ADIP and its investors have nominated five directors to serve on the ACRA board, four of whom are independent directors. 
 On December 31, 2021, ALRe, through its subsidiary Athene Asset LP AALP ), and ADIP contributed all of their shares of ACRA 1A to Athene Co-Invest Reinsurance Affiliate Holding Ltd., a subsidiary of Athene ACRA HoldCo ), in exchange for an equal number of shares of ACRA HoldCo (the ACRA Restructuring ). As a result of the ACRA Restructuring, ACRA 1A became a wholly owned subsidiary of ACRA HoldCo. 
 In connection with the ACRA Restructuring, on December 31, 2021, (1) ALRe and ACRA 1A amended and restated the Framework Agreement Amended and Restated Framework Agreement ), pursuant to which ACRA receives capital commitments from ALRe and ADIP, in order to, among other things, reflect the ACRA Restructuring and resulting changes in ACRA 1A s ownership structure and that Athene is a subsidiary of AGM following completion of the Mergers, and (2) ALRe and AALP entered into that certain Amended and Restated Shareholders Agreement with ACRA 1A, ACRA HoldCo and ADIP, which primarily includes changes to reflect the ACRA Restructuring and resulting changes in ownership structure of ACRA 1A and that Athene is a subsidiary of AGM following completion of the Mergers, and to provide for the governance structure at ACRA HoldCo, which is substantially similar to the governance structure of ACRA 1A. In addition, effective as of January 1, 2022, a quota share of certain of Athene s retail annuity business issued on or after such date is retroceded to a subsidiary of ACRA 1A. 
 To ensure that ACRA continues to qualify for certain benefits under the income tax treaty between the US and the UK (UK Treaty), the shareholders agreement between ALRe, ADIP, ACRA HoldCo and ACRA 1A (the Shareholders Agreement) includes a mechanism to adjust the economic ownership interests of ACRA. 
 During a commitment period ranging from approximately three to five years from August 2020, ACRA has the right to participate in substantially all new inorganic transactions, pension group annuity transactions and certain flow reinsurance transactions (collectively, Qualifying Transactions ). ALRe may also offer ACRA the right to participate in flow reinsurance transactions with existing third-party counterparties and reinsurance transactions involving new funding agreements and certain other transactions from time to time, subject to certain conditions (in which case, such transactions would constitute Qualifying Transactions). ACRA s election to participate in Qualifying Transactions is determined by ACRA s Transaction Committee, which is a committee of the board of directors of ACRA comprised of Athene s representatives and those of AGM. If ACRA elects not to participate in a Qualifying Transaction, Athene will have the right to pursue such Qualifying Transaction without ACRA. ACRA s right to participate in Qualifying Transactions is subject to capital requirements and other terms and conditions. 
 In connection with each Qualifying Transaction in which ACRA elects to participate (each, a Participating Transaction ), ACRA will generally pay ALRe a fee Wrap Fee on the reserves of the assumed or acquired business. The Wrap Fee is expected to be approximately 15 basis points per year, based on a scale which increases from 10 basis points as the portion of the reserves economically attributed to ADIP increases. 
 In general, (a) on or about the 10th anniversary of the effective date of any Participating Transaction (other than a flow reinsurance transaction) or (b) on or about the 10th anniversary of the date on which reinsurance is terminated as to new business under any Participating Transaction that is a flow reinsurance transaction (which would occur no later than the end of the commitment period), ALRe or its applicable affiliate has the right Commutation Right to terminate ACRA s participation in such Participating Transaction based on a book value pricing mechanism and subject to ADIP s ability to reject the commutation if a minimum return with respect to such Participating Transaction is not achieved. If ALRe does not exercise the Commutation Right with respect to a Participating Transaction, then ACRA s obligation to pay the Wrap Fee in connection with such Participating Transaction will terminate, and, subject to certain exceptions (and the applicable terms and conditions of the Framework Agreement and related transaction documents), ALRe will be required to pay ACRA a fee calculated in the same manner as the Wrap Fee. In addition, if ACRA fails to satisfy minimum aggregate capital requirements, ALRe has the right to recapture or assign to another of Athene s subsidiaries a portion of the business retroceded to ACRA (and/or any of its insurance or reinsurance subsidiaries) to the extent necessary to cure such failure. 
 As of December 31, 2022, ALRe and Athene Life Re International Ltd. had retroceded to ACRA 60.5 billion of reserve liabilities. In connection with future Participating Transactions, ACRA will draw from ADIP and from ALRe their respective share of the amount of capital necessary to consummate such Participating Transactions. The terms of any Participating Transaction may vary from the terms described above upon mutual agreement of Athene and the ACRA Transaction Committee. 
 -162- 

Table of Contents 

 During the year ended December 31, 2022, Athene received capital contributions of 1,047 million from ADIP and distributed 63 million to ADIP. As of December 31, 2022, ADIP had raised approximately 3.3 billion in capital commitments, of which 0.2 billion was available to deploy into future Qualifying Transactions. In addition, ACRA pays a monthly fee to us for asset management services calculated using the same rates used to calculate the marginal base investment management fees and sub-allocation fees Athene pays to us pursuant to the fee agreement with ISG. 
 Strategic Transaction with Athene 
 Prior to the Mergers and pursuant to a transaction agreement we and certain of the entities that form the Apollo Operating Group entered into with Athene, Athene held certain non-voting equity interests in the Apollo Operating Group and certain subsidiaries of the Apollo Operating Group held class A common shares of AHL. As of December 31, 2021, Athene s investment in us was 2,112 million. Subsequent to the Mergers, Athene s investment in the Apollo Operating Group was distributed to AGM, together with a share dividend to the other Apollo subsidiaries that held shares in Athene (other than AGM). 
 Shared Service Agreements 
 Athene has entered into shared services agreements with ISG. Under these agreements, Athene and ISG make available to each other certain personnel and services. Expenses for such services are based on the amount of time spent on the affairs of the other party in addition to actual expenses incurred and cost reimbursements. These shared services agreements can be terminated for any reason upon thirty days notice. The shared services agreements can also be terminated immediately with respect to a specific party in the event of the insolvency by another party to the agreements, among other things. During the year ended December 31, 2022, Athene paid or reimbursed us 13 million under the shared services agreements. 
 Investment Portfolio Trades with Affiliates 
 From time to time, we execute cross trades which involve the purchase or sale of assets in a transaction between Athene, on the one hand, and a third party or an Apollo affiliated entity, in either case, to which we or our affiliate acts in an investment advisor, general partner, managing member, collateral manager or other advisory or management capacity, on the other hand. In addition, from time to time, Athene may purchase or sell securities from or to related parties, other than through a cross trade transaction. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the aggregate value of such transactions where Athene acquired investments from related parties amounted to 290 million. For the year ended December 31, 2022, Athene sold 331 million of investments to related parties. 
 Commercial Mortgage Loan Servicing Agreements 
 We have entered into commercial mortgage loan servicing agreements with Athene. Pursuant to these agreements, we were engaged by Athene to (1) assist with the origination of and provide servicing of, commercial loans that Athene owns or in which Athene participates, which are secured by mortgages, deeds of trust or documents of similar effect encumbering certain real property and commercial improvements thereon and (2) provide for management and sale of real estate owned properties. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we earned 0.4 million from Athene under the commercial mortgage loan servicing agreements. 
 Advisory Services Agreement 
 Effective as of January 1, 2022, we entered into a services agreement (the Services Agreement with AGM and Athene, which provides a framework pursuant to which each of the Company, AGM and Athene may in its sole discretion provide (or cause its direct or indirect subsidiaries to provide) services to one another on a non-exclusive basis following completion of the Mergers. Pursuant to the Services Agreement, any party may request that another party provide finance, investor relations, legal, compliance, consulting, investment professional, executive, administrative and other services to the requesting party. The provision of any services pursuant to the Services Agreement will be subject to the mutual agreement of the service recipient and the service provider, and the service recipient will be required to pay fees and expenses to the service provider as may be mutually agreed by such service recipient and service provider. In addition, the service recipient will be required to indemnify the service provider against any loss or liability arising out of the services provided by the service provider pursuant to the Services Agreement. For the year ended December 31, 2022, Athene paid or reimbursed us or our affiliates 40 million in out of pocket expenses pursuant to the Services Agreement. 
 -163- 

Table of Contents 

 Rackspace Global Services Agreement 
 Athene has a global services agreement with Rackspace US, Inc. Rackspace ), a portfolio company of a fund managed by Apollo, pursuant to which Rackspace provides Athene with certain information technology services. The term of the agreement is three years and during the year ended December 31, 2022, Athene paid or accrued 2.0 million for services rendered. 
 Investments in Apollo Funds 
 Our directors and executive officers are generally permitted to invest their own capital (or capital of estate planning vehicles controlled by them or their immediate family members) directly in our funds and affiliated entities. In general, such investments are not subject to management fees, and in certain instances, may not be subject to performance fees. In addition, from time to time, our directors and executive officers are offered an opportunity to invest their own capital in vehicles managed by third-party sponsors with which we or AGM have a strategic relationship. Such investment opportunities may not be subject to management fees and/or performance fees. The opportunity to invest in our funds and third-party sponsored vehicles in this manner is available to our directors, executive officers and those of our employees whom we have determined to have a status that reasonably permits us to offer them these types of investments in compliance with applicable laws. As of December 31, 2022, our professionals have committed or invested approximately 2.2 billion of their own capital to our funds. 
 The amount invested in our investment funds by our directors and executive officers (and their immediate family members or estate planning vehicles controlled by them or their immediate family members) during 2022 was 3,359,140, 305,936, 1,244,077, 5,729,022, 2,184,986 and 138,416 for Messrs. Civale, Ducey, Kelly, Kleinman, and Zelter, and Ms. Richards, respectively. The amount of distributions on their fund investments, including profits and return of capital to our directors and executive officers (and, in some cases, their immediate family members or certain estate planning vehicles controlled by them or their immediate family members) during 2022 was 2,482,675, 310,684, 680,602, 9,768,077, 2,790,446 and 66,448 for Messrs. Civale, Ducey, Kelly, Kleinman, and Zelter, and Ms. Richards, respectively. 
 Indemnification of Directors, Officers and Others 
 Under our Certificate of Incorporation, in most circumstances we will indemnify the following persons, to the fullest extent permitted by law, from and against all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, joint or several, expenses (including legal fees and expenses), judgments, fines, penalties, interest, settlements or other amounts: AGM Management, LLC in its capacity as the manager of Apollo Global Management, LLC (the Former Manager and in its capacity as the former Class C Stockholder; any person who is or was an affiliate of the Former Manager; any person who is or was a member, partner, tax matters partner, partnership representative, officer, director, employee, agent, fiduciary or trustee of us or our subsidiaries, the Former Manager or any affiliate of us or our subsidiaries, the Former Manager; any person who was serving at the request of the Former Manager or any affiliate of the Former Manager as an officer, director, employee, member, partner, tax matters partner, agent, fiduciary or trustee of another person; or any person designated by our board of directors as permitted by applicable law. 
 We have agreed to provide this indemnification unless there has been a final and non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction determining that these persons acted in bad faith or engaged in fraud or willful misconduct. We have also agreed to provide this indemnification for criminal proceedings. Any indemnification under these provisions will only be out of our assets. We may purchase insurance for any liabilities asserted against, and expenses incurred for, our activities, regardless of whether we would have the power to indemnify the person against liabilities under our Certificate of Incorporation. 
 We have entered into indemnification agreements with each of our directors, executive officers and certain of our employees which set forth the obligations described above. 
 We have also agreed to indemnify each of our Former Managing Partners and certain other of our current and former professionals, including Messrs. Kleinman and Zelter against certain amounts that they are required to pay either in connection with a general partner obligation for the return of previously made performance fee distributions, in each case, with respect to Fund IV, Fund V and Fund VI. 
 We also currently maintain liability insurance for our directors and officers. 
 Statement of Policy Regarding Transactions with Related Persons 
 Our board of directors has adopted a written Related Person Transaction Policy (the RPT policy ), which addresses the review, approval, ratification and disclosure of all related person transactions by our Audit Committee. In accordance with the RPT policy, our Audit Committee has overall responsibility for the implementation of, and compliance with, the RPT policy. 
 -164- 

Table of Contents 

 For purposes of the RPT policy, a related person transaction is a transaction, arrangement or relationship (or any series of similar transactions, arrangements or relationships) in which we were, are or will be a participant and the amount involved exceeded, exceeds or will exceed 120,000 in any fiscal year and in which any related person (as defined in the RPT policy) had, has or will have a direct or indirect material interest that is required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act. A related person transaction does not include any employment relationship or transaction involving an executive officer and any related compensation resulting solely from that employment relationship that has been reviewed and approved by our board of directors or a committee of our board. 
 The RPT policy requires that notice of a proposed related person transaction be provided to our Global General Counsel prior to entry into such transaction. If our Global General Counsel determines that such transaction is a related person transaction, the proposed transaction will be submitted for consideration (a) to our Audit Committee at its next meeting, or (b) if not practicable or desirable to wait until the next Audit Committee meeting, to the Chair of our Audit Committee. 
 Our Audit Committee may approve only those related person transactions that are in, or not inconsistent with, our best interests. In the event that we become aware of a related person transaction that has not been previously reviewed, approved or ratified under the RPT policy and that is ongoing or is completed, the transaction will be submitted to our Audit Committee so that it may determine whether to continue, modify or terminate the related person transaction. 
 The RPT policy also provides that our Audit Committee monitor certain previously approved or ratified related person transactions that are ongoing, and have a remaining term of more than six months, to assess whether amending or terminating the related person transaction would be in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders. Additionally, the Global General Counsel or their designee will make periodic inquiries of directors and executive officers with respect to any potential related person transaction of which they may be a party or of which they may be aware. 
 The RPT policy provides that certain enumerated ordinary course categories of transactions are deemed pre-approved or ratified by our Audit Committee under the terms of the RPT policy, even if the aggregate amount involved will exceed 120,000. 
 Director Independence 
 We are considered a controlled company as defined in the listing standards of the NYSE and we are exempt from the NYSE rules that require that: 
 our board of directors be comprised of a majority of independent directors; 
 we establish a compensation committee composed solely of independent directors; and 
 we establish a nominating and corporate governance committee composed solely of independent directors. 
 While our board of directors is currently comprised of a majority of independent directors, we plan on availing ourselves of the controlled company exceptions. We have elected not to have a nominating and corporate governance committee comprised entirely of independent directors, nor a compensation committee comprised entirely of independent directors. Our board of directors has determined that four of our six directors meet the independence standards under the NYSE and the SEC. These directors are Messrs. Ducey and Krongard and Mses. Bibliowicz and Richards. 
 At such time that we are no longer deemed a controlled company, our board of directors will take all action necessary to comply with all applicable rules within the applicable time period under the NYSE listing standards. 
 See Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Independence and Composition of Our Board of Directors for additional information on director independence. 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 The following table summarizes the aggregate fees for professional services provided by Deloitte Touche LLP, the member firms of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, and their respective affiliates (collectively, the "Deloitte Entities"). 
 -165- 

Table of Contents 

 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 AAM AAM Funds (1) 
 Total (in thousands) Audit fees (2) 
 7,693 34,589 42,282 Audit-related fees (3) 
 449 923 1,372 Tax fees Tax compliance fees 7,208 
 41,722 48,930 Tax advisory fees 2,466 
 4,410 
 6,876 Total tax fees 9,674 46,132 55,806 Total fees 17,816 81,644 99,460 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 AAM AAM Funds (1) 
 Total (in thousands) Audit fees (2) 
 7,084 24,370 31,454 Audit-related fees (3) 
 1,672 1,354 3,026 Tax fees Tax compliance fees 6,639 
 33,195 39,834 Tax advisory fees 4,025 
 2,240 
 6,265 Total tax fees 10,664 35,435 46,099 Total fees 19,420 61,159 80,579 (1) Audit and Tax fees for Apollo fund entities consisted of services to investment funds managed by Apollo in its capacity as the general partner and/or manager of such entities. 
 (2) Audit fees consisted of fees for (a) the audits of our consolidated financial statements in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and services attendant to, or required by, statute or regulation; (b) reviews of the interim condensed consolidated financial statements included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. 
 (3) Audit-related fees consisted of comfort letters, consents and other services related to SEC and other regulatory filings. 
 
 Our audit committee charter requires the audit committee of our board of directors to approve in advance all audit and non-audit related services to be provided by our independent registered public accounting firm. All services reported in the Audit, Audit-related and Tax categories above were approved by the committee. 
 -166- 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS 
 
 Exhibit Number Exhibit Description 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of March 8, 2021, by and among Apollo Global Management, Inc., Athene Holding Ltd., Tango Holdings, Inc., Blue Merger Sub, Ltd., and Green Merger Sub, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 8, 2021 (File No. 001-35107)). 
 3.1 Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Apollo Asset Management, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 3, 2022 (File No. 001-35107)). 
 3.2 Certificate of Amendment of Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Apollo Asset Management, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 11, 2022 (File No. 001-35107)). 
 3.3 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of Apollo Asset Management, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 3, 2022 (File No. 001-35107)). 
 4.1 Form of 6.375 Series A Preferred Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-A/A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 5, 2019 (File No. 001-35107)). 
 4.2 Form of 6.375 Series B Preferred Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-A/A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 5, 2019 (File No. 001-35107)). 
 4.3 Indenture dated as of May 30, 2014, among Apollo Management Holdings, L.P., the Guarantors party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 30, 2014 (File No. 001-35107)). 
 4.4 First Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 30, 2014, among Apollo Management Holdings, L.P., the Guarantors party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 30, 2014 (File No. 001-35107)). 
 4.5 Form of 4.000 Senior Note due 2024 (included in Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 30, 2014 (File No. 001-35107), which is incorporated by reference). 
 4.6 Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 30, 2015, among Apollo Management Holdings, L.P., the Guarantors party thereto, Apollo Principal Holdings X, L.P. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Registrant s Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2014 (File No. 001-35107)). 
 4.7 Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 1, 2016, among Apollo Management Holdings, L.P., the Guarantors party thereto, Apollo Principal Holdings XI, LLC and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2016 (File No. 001-35107)). 
 
 -167- 

Table of Contents 

 4.8 Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 27, 2016, among Apollo Management Holdings, L.P., the Guarantors party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 27, 2016 (File No. 001-35107)). 
 4.9 Form of 4.400 Senior Note due 2026 (included in Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 27, 2016 (File No. 001-35107), which is incorporated by reference). 
 4.10 Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 13, 2017, among Apollo Management Holdings, L.P., the Guarantors party thereto, Apollo Principal Holdings XII, L.P. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.8 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2017 (File No. 001-35107)). 
 4.11 Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 15, 2018, among Apollo Management Holdings, L.P., the Guarantors party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the registrant s Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 15, 2018 (File No. 001-35107)). 
 4.12 Form of 5.000 Senior Note due 2048 (included in Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 15, 2018 (File No. 001-35107), which is incorporated by reference). 
 4.13 Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 7, 2019, among Apollo Management Holdings, L.P., the Guarantors party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the registrant s Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 7, 2019 (File No. 001-35107)). 
 4.14 Form of 4.872 Senior Note due 2029 (included in Exhibit 4.1 to Registrant s Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 7, 2019 (File No. 001-35107), which is incorporated by reference). 
 4.15 Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 11, 2019, among Apollo Management Holdings, L.P., the Guarantors party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the registrant s Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 11, 2019 (File No. 001-35107)). 
 4.16 Indenture dated as of June 10, 2019, among APH Finance I, LLC, APH Finance 2, LLC, APH Finance 3, LLC and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.17 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2019 (File No. 001-35107)). 
 4.17 Amendment No. 1, dated and effective as of September 30, 2019, to Indenture dated as of June 10, 2019, among APH Finance I, LLC, APH Finance 2, LLC, APH Finance 3, LLC and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.17 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2019 (File No. 001-35107)). 
 4.18 Indenture, dated as of December 17, 2019, among Apollo Management Holdings, L.P., the Guarantors party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 17, 2019 (File No. 001-35107)). 
 4.19 Form of 4.950 Fixed-Rate Resettable Subordinated Note due 2050 (included in Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 17, 2019 (File No. 001-35107), which is incorporated by reference). 
 
 -168- 

Table of Contents 

 4.20 Ninth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 5, 2020, among Apollo Management Holdings, L.P., the Guarantors party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 5, 2020 (File No. 001-35107)). 
 4.21 Form of 2.650 Senior Note due 2030 (included in Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 5, 2020 (File No. 001-35107), which is incorporated by reference). 
 4.22 Description of the Registrant s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 +10.1 Apollo Global Management, Inc. 2019 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan, as amended and restated as of January 26, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2022 (File No. 001-35107)). 
 +10.2 Apollo Global Management, Inc. 2019 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan for Estate Planning Vehicles, as amended and restated as of January 26, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2022 (File No. 001-35107)). 
 +10.3 Form of Director Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement under the Apollo Global Management, Inc. 2019 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Form S-8 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 5, 2019 (File No. 333-232797)). 
 +10.4 Form of Incentive Program Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement under the Apollo Global Management, Inc. 2019 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Form S-8 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 5, 2019 (File No. 333-232797)). 
 +10.5 Form of Performance Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement under the Apollo Global Management, Inc. 2019 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Form S-8 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 5, 2019 (File No. 333-232797)). 
 +10.6 Form of Share Award Grant Notice and Share Award Agreement under the Apollo Global Management, Inc. 2019 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Form S-8 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 5, 2019 (File No. 333-232797)). 
 +10.7 Form of Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement under the Apollo Global Management, Inc. 2019 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant s Form S-8 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 5, 2019 (File No. 333-232797)). 
 +10.8 Form of Restricted Share Award Grant Notice and Restricted Share Award Agreement under the Apollo Global Management, Inc. 2019 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Registrant s Form S-8 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 5, 2019 (File No. 333-232797)). 
 +10.9 Form of Successor Performance Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement under the Apollo Global Management, Inc. 2019 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2019 (File No. 001-35107)). 
 
 -169- 

Table of Contents 

 +10.10 Form of Credit Bonus Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement under the Apollo Global Management, Inc. 2019 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2018 (File No. 001-35107)). 
 +10.11 Form of Restricted Share Award Grant Notice and Restricted Share Award Agreement under the Apollo Global Management, Inc. 2019 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan for Estate Planning Vehicles (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2019 (File No. 001-35107)). 
 +10.12 Form of Share Award Grant Notice and Share Award Agreement under the Apollo Global Management, Inc. 2019 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan for Estate Planning Vehicles (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2019 (File No. 001-35107)). 
 +10.13 Form of Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement under the Apollo Global Management, Inc. 2019 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan . 
 +10.14 Form of Director Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement under the Apollo Global Management, Inc. 2019 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan. 
 +10.15 Form of Notice of Restricted Share Unit Award under the Apollo Global Management, Inc. 2019 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan. 
 +10.16 Form of Notice of Performance-Based Restricted Share Unit Award under the Apollo Global Management, Inc. 2019 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan. 
 10.17 Form of Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.29 to the Registrant s Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2021 (File No. 001-35107)). 
 10.18 Form of Independent Director Engagement Letter (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.38 to the Registrant s Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2021 (File No. 001-35107)). 
 +10.19 Employment Agreement with Martin Kelly, dated July 2, 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.42 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2012 (File No. 001-35107)). 
 +10.20 Letter Agreement with Scott Kleinman, dated December 1, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.40 to the Registrant s Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2021 (File No. 001-35107)). 
 +10.21 Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement with Scott Kleinman, dated as of December 1, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.41 to the Registrant s Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2021 (File No. 001-35107)). 
 +10.22 Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement with Scott Kleinman, dated as of December 1, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.42 to the Registrant s Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2021 (File No. 001-35107)). 
 +10.23 Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement with Scott Kleinman, dated as of December 1, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.43 to the Registrant s Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2021 (File No. 001-35107)). 
 +10.24 Letter Agreement with James Zelter, dated December 1, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.44 to the Registrant s Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2021 (File No. 001-35107)). 
 
 -170- 

Table of Contents 

 +10.25 Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement with James Zelter, dated as of December 1, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.45 to the Registrant s Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2021 (File No. 001-35107)). 
 +10.26 Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement with James Zelter, dated as of December 1, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.46 to the Registrant s Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2021 (File No. 001-35107)). 
 +10.27 Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement with James Zelter, dated as of December 1, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.47 to the Registrant s Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2021 (File No. 001-35107)). 
 +10.28 Roll-Up Agreement with Scott Kleinman, dated as of July 13, 2007 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.44 to the Registrant s Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2018 (File No. 001-35107)). 
 +10.29 Amendment to Roll-Up Agreement with Scott Kleinman, dated July 29, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2020 (File No. 001-35107)). 
 +10.30 Amendment to Roll-Up Agreement with Scott Kleinman, dated as of January 1, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.51 to the Registrant s Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2021 (File No. 001-35107)). 
 +10.31 Roll-Up Agreement with James Zelter, dated as of July 13, 2007 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-150141)). 
 +10.32 Amendment to Roll-Up Agreement with James Zelter, dated July 29, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2020 (File No. 001-35107)). 
 +10.33 Amendment to Roll-Up Agreement with James Zelter, dated as of January 1, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.54 to the Registrant s Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2021 (File No. 001-35107)). 
 +10.34 Employment Agreement with Anthony Civale, dated as of February 20, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.60 to the Registrant s Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2019 (File No. 001-35107)). 
 +10.35 Third Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of Apollo Advisors VII, L.P. dated as of July 1, 2008 and effective as of August 30, 2007 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.42 to the Registrant s Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2013 (File No. 001-35107)). 
 +10.36 Third Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of Apollo Credit Opportunity Advisors I, L.P., dated January 12, 2011 and made effective as of July 14, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.43 to the Registrant s Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2013 (File No. 001-35107)). 
 +10.37 Third Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of Apollo Credit Opportunity Advisors II, L.P., dated January 12, 2011 and made effective as of July 14, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.44 to the Registrant s Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2013 (File No. 001-35107)). 
 +10.38 Form of Letter Agreement under the Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of Apollo Advisors VIII, L.P. effective as of January 1, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.56 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2014 (File No. 001-35107)). 
 
 -171- 

Table of Contents 

 +10.39 Form of Award Letter under the Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of Apollo Advisors VIII, L.P. effective as of January 1, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.57 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2014 (File No. 001-35107)). 
 +10.40 Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of Apollo EPF Advisors, L.P., dated as of February 3, 2011 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.52 to the Registrant s Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2014 (File No. 001-35107)). 
 +10.41 First Amended and Restated Exempted Limited Partnership Agreement of Apollo EPF Advisors II, L.P. dated as of April 9, 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.53 to the Registrant s Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2014 (File No. 001-35107)). 
 +10.42 Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Apollo Global Carry Pool Aggregator, L.P., dated May 4, 2017 and effective as of July 1, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.61 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2017 (File No. 001-35107)). 
 +10.43 Form of Award Agreement for Apollo Global Carry Pool Aggregator, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.62 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2017 (File No. 001-35107)) 
 +10.44 Amended and Restated Agreement of Exempted Limited Partnership of Apollo Global Carry Pool Aggregator II, L.P., dated June 26, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.68 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2018 (File No. 001-35107)). 
 +10.45 Form of Award Agreement for Apollo Global Carry Pool Aggregator II, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.69 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2018 (File No. 001-35107)). 
 +10.46 Fourth Amended and Restated Exempted Limited Partnership Agreement of Apollo Advisors IX, L.P., dated August 8, 2018 and effective as of June 29, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.70 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2018 (File No. 001-35107)). 
 +10.47 Form of Award Letter for Apollo Advisors IX, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.71 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2018 (File No. 001-35107)). 
 +10.48 Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of Apollo Special Situations Advisors, L.P., dated as of February 15, 2017 and effective as of March 18, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.80 to the Registrant s Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2018 (File No. 001-35107). 
 +10.49 First Amended and Restated Agreement of Exempted Limited Partnership of Financial Credit Investment Advisors I, L.P., dated as of March 13, 2013 and effective as of January 7, 2011 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.81 to the Registrant s Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2018 (File No. 001-35107). 
 +10.50 Amended and Restated Agreement of Exempted Limited Partnership of Financial Credit Investment Advisors II, L.P., dated as of June 12, 2014 and effective as of January 1, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.82 to the Registrant s Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2018 (File No. 001-35107). 
 +10.51 Amended and Restated Agreement of Exempted Limited Partnership of Apollo Global Carry Pool Aggregator III, L.P., dated June 29, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2020 (File No. 001-35107)). 
 
 -172- 

Table of Contents 

 +10.52 Form of Award Agreement for Apollo Global Carry Pool Aggregator III, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2020 (File No. 001-35107)). 
 +10.53 Amended and Restated Exempted Limited Partnership Agreement of Apollo EPF Advisors III, L.P., dated December 16, 2017 and effective as of November 30, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.101 to the Registrant s Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2020 (File No. 001-35107)). 
 +10.54 Form of Award Agreement for Apollo EPF Advisors III, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.102 to the Registrant s Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2020 (File No. 001-35107)). 
 +10.55 Amended and Restated Exempted Limited Partnership Agreement of Financial Credit Investment Advisors III, L.P., dated March 1, 2019 and effective as of June 17, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.103 to the Registrant s Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2020 (File No. 001-35107)). 
 +10.56 Form of Award Agreement for Financial Credit Investment Advisors III, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.104 to the Registrant s Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2020 (File No. 001-35107)). 
 +10.57 Amended and Restated Exempted Limited Partnership Agreement of Apollo Infra Equity Advisors (IH UT), L.P., dated as of February 25, 2020 and effective as of January 1, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.105 to the Registrant s Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2020 (File No. 001-35107)). 
 +10.58 Amended and Restated Exempted Limited Partnership Agreement of Apollo Infra Equity Advisors (APO DC UT), L.P., dated as of February 25, 2020 and effective as of January 1, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.106 to the Registrant s Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2020 (File No. 001-35107)). 
 +10.59 Form of Award Agreement for Apollo Infra Equity Advisors (APO DC UT), L.P. and Apollo Infra Equity Advisors (IH UT), L.P (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.107 to the Registrant s Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2020 (File No. 001-35107)). 
 +10.60 Amended and Restated Exempted Limited Partnership Agreement of Apollo Global Carry Pool Aggregator IV, L.P., dated January 28, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2021 (File No. 001-35107)). 
 +10.61 Form of Award Agreement for Apollo Global Carry Pool Aggregator IV, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2021 (File No. 001-35107)). 
 +10.62 Second Amended and Restated Exempted Limited Partnership Agreement of Apollo ADIP Advisors, L.P., dated June 12, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2021 (File No. 001-35107)). 
 +10.63 Form of Award Letter for Apollo ADIP Advisors, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2021 (File No. 001-35107)). 
 
 -173- 

Table of Contents 

 +10.64 Amended and Restated Exempted Limited Partnership Agreement of Apollo FIG Carry Pool Aggregator, L.P., dated February 25, 2019, effective December 12, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2021 (File No. 001-35107)). 
 +10.65 Form of Award Agreement for Apollo FIG Carry Pool Aggregator, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2021 (File No. 001-35107)). 
 10.66 Exchange Implementation Agreement, dated December 31, 2021, by and among Apollo Global Management, Inc. and certain other persons and certain holders of Apollo Operating Group (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.106 to the Registrant s Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2021 (File No. 001-35107)). 
 +10.67 Amended and Restated Exempted Limited Partnership Agreement of Financial Credit Investment Advisors IV, L.P., effective as of August 23, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2022 (File No. 001-35107). 
 +10.68 Form of Award Letter for Financial Credit Investment Advisors IV, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2022 (File No. 001-35107). 
 +10.69 Apollo Navigator Notional Bonus Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2022 (File No. 001-35107). 
 +10.70 Form of Apollo Navigator Notional Bonus Plan Award Letter (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2022 (File No. 001-35107). 
 +10.71 Apollo Supplemental Partner Program Plan Document (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2022 (File No. 001-35107). 
 +10.72 Form of Apollo Supplemental Partner Program Plan Award Letter (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2022 (File No. 001-35107). 
 +10.73 Retirement Agreement with Anthony Civale (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2022 (File No. 001-35107). 
 +10.74 Letter Agreement with Byron Vielehr, dated August 24, 2022. 
 +10.75 Letter Agreement with Johannes Worsoe, dated February 11, 2022. 
 +10.76 Letter Agreement with Christian Weideman, dated December 15, 2016. 
 10.77 Amended and Restated Tax Receivable Agreement, dated as of May 6, 2013, by and among APO Corp., Apollo Principal Holdings II, L.P., Apollo Principal Holdings IV, L.P., Apollo Principal Holdings VI, Apollo Principal Holdings VIII, L.P., AMH Holdings (Cayman), L.P. and each Holder defined therein. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2016 (File No. 001-35107)). 
 10.78 Amendment to Amended and Restated Tax Receivable Agreement, dated as of September 5, 2019, by and among APO Corp., Apollo Principal Holdings II, L.P., Apollo Principal Holdings IV, L.P., Apollo Principal Holdings VI, L.P. Apollo Principal Holdings VIII, L.P., AMH Holdings (Cayman), L.P. and each Holder defined therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 5, 2019 (File No. 001-35107)). 
 
 -174- 

Table of Contents 

 10.79 Waiver to Amended and Restated Tax Receivable Agreement, dated May 2, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2022 (File No. 001-35107). 
 10.80 Revolving Credit Facility, among ACMP Holdings, LLC, Apollo Capital Markets Management, L.P., Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation, Mizuho Bank Ltd. and the lenders from time to time party thereto, dated as of April 1, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 7, 2022 (File No. 001-35107)). 
 10.81 Credit Agreement, dated as of October 12, 2022, by and among Apollo Management Holdings, L.P., as the borrower, affiliates of Apollo Management Holdings, L.P. party thereto as guarantors, the lenders and issuing banks party thereto and Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent for the lenders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 13, 2022 (File No. 001-35107)). 
 21.1 Subsidiaries of Apollo Asset Management, Inc. 
 31.1 Certification of Co-Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a). 
 31.2 Certification of Co-Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a). 
 31.3 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a). 
 32.1 Certification of Co-Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith). 
 32.2 Certification of Co-Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith). 
 32.3 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith). 
 99.1 Audited Financial Statements of Athene Holding Ltd. as of and for the year ended December 31, 2021 (included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Athene Holding Ltd. for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 25, 2022). 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 -175- 

Table of Contents 

 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 
 Filed herewith. + Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 Certain information contained in this exhibit has been omitted because it is not material and is the type that the registrant treats as private or confidential. 
 
 The agreements and other documents filed as exhibits to this report are not intended to provide factual information or other disclosure other than with respect to the terms of the agreements or other documents themselves, and you should not rely on them for that purpose. In particular, any representations and warranties made by us in these agreements or other documents were made solely within the specific context of the relevant agreement or document and may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time. 
 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 Not applicable. 
 -176- 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 Apollo Asset Management, Inc. (Registrant) Date: February 28, 2023 By: /s/ Johannes Worsoe Name: Johannes Worsoe Title: Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer and authorized signatory) 

-177- 

Table of Contents 

 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 
 Name Title Date /s/ Scott Kleinman Co-President and Director February 28, 2023 Scott Kleinman (co-principal executive officer) /s/ James Zelter Co-President and Director February 28, 2023 James Zelter (co-principal executive officer) /s/ Johannes Worsoe Chief Financial Officer February 28, 2023 Johannes Worsoe (principal financial officer) /s/ Louis-Jacques Tanguy Chief Accounting Officer February 28, 2023 Louis-Jacques Tanguy (principal accounting officer) /s/ Jessica Bibliowicz Director February 28, 2023 Jessica Bibliowicz /s/ Michael Ducey Director February 28, 2023 Michael Ducey /s/ AB Krongard Director February 28, 2023 AB Krongard /s/ Pauline Richards Director February 28, 2023 Pauline Richards 

-178- 

<EX-4.22>
 2
 exhibit422aamq42022.htm
 EX-4.22

Document 
 Exhibit 4.22 

DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 
 
 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 As of the date of the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this exhibit is a part, Apollo Asset Management, Inc. had two classes of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act (i) Series A Preferred Stock, par value of 0.00001 per share Series A Preferred Stock and (ii) Series B Preferred Stock, par value of 0.00001 per share Series B Preferred Stock ). The following descriptions summarize the most important terms of our capital stock. This summary does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the provisions of our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation, as amended (the Certificate of Incorporation ), and our second amended and restated bylaws (the Bylaws ), copies of which have been filed by us with the Securities and Exchange Commission. For a complete description of our capital stock, you should refer to our Certificate of Incorporation, our Bylaws and applicable provisions of Delaware law. As used in this section, we , us and our mean Apollo Asset Management, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Corporation ), and its successors, but not any of its subsidiaries. 
 Capital Stock 
 Our authorized capital stock consists of 80,000,000 shares, which shall be divided into two classes as follows 
 40,000,000 shares of common stock, 0.00001 par value per share Common Stock and 
 40,000,000 shares of preferred stock, 0.00001 par value per share Preferred Stock ), of which (x) 11,000,000 shares are designated as Series A Preferred Stock, (y) 12,000,000 shares are designated as Series B Preferred Stock and (z) the remaining 17,000,000 shares may be designated from time to time in accordance with Article IV of the Certificate of Incorporation. 
 Common Stock 
 All of our shares of Common Stock are held by Apollo Global Management, Inc. AGM ), and our Common Stock is not registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. 
 Voting Rights 
 Except as otherwise required by applicable law or our Certificate of Incorporation, the holders of our Common Stock are entitled to one vote per share on all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders generally. 
 Dividend Rights 
 Subject to applicable law and the rights of holders of any outstanding series of Preferred Stock, all shares of our Common Stock are entitled to share equally in any dividends our board of directors may declare from legally available sources. 
 Liquidation Rights 
 Upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, whether voluntary or involuntary, after payment or provision of any of our debts and other liabilities, and subject to the rights of any holders of any outstanding series of Preferred Stock, all shares of our Common Stock are entitled to share equally in the assets available for distribution to stockholders. 
 Other Matters 

Holders of our Common Stock have no preemptive or conversion rights, and our Common Stock is not subject to further calls or assessments by us. 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation provides that the number of authorized shares of any class of stock may be increased or decreased (but not below the number of such shares of such class then outstanding) by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority in voting power of the then outstanding shares of capital stock entitled to vote thereon. 
 
 Preferred Stock 
 Our board of directors is authorized, subject to limitations prescribed by Delaware law, to provide, out of the unissued shares of Preferred Stock, for one or more series of Preferred Stock, to fix the designation, powers (including voting powers), preferences and relative, participating, optional and other special rights of, and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, such series of Preferred Stock and the number of shares of such series, in each case without further vote or action by our stockholders (except as may be required by the terms of our Certificate of Incorporation and any certificate of designation relating to any series of Preferred Stock then outstanding). Our board of directors can also increase (but not above the total number of shares of Preferred Stock then authorized and available for issuance and not committed for other issuance) or decrease (but not below the number of shares of such series then outstanding) the number of shares of any series of Preferred Stock. 
 As of the date of the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this exhibit is a part, our Certificate of Incorporation has designated two series of Preferred Stock, Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock, each of which is outstanding. 
 
 Series A Preferred Stock 
 Economic rights 
 Dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock are payable when, as and if declared by our board of directors out of funds legally available therefor, at a rate per annum equal to 6.375 of the 25.00 liquidation preference per share of Series A Preferred Stock. Dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock are payable quarterly on March 15, June 15, September 15 and December 15 of each year, when, as and if declared by our board of directors. 
 Dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock are non-cumulative. 
 Ranking 
 Shares of the Series A Preferred Stock rank senior to our Common Stock and equally with shares of our Series B Preferred Stock and any of our other equity securities, including any other Preferred Stock, that we may issue in the future, whose terms provide that such securities will rank equally with the Series A Preferred Stock with respect to payment of dividends and distribution of our assets upon our dissolution Series A parity stock ). Shares of the Series B Preferred Stock include the same provisions with respect to restrictions on declaration and payment of dividends as the Series A Preferred Stock. Holders of the Series A Preferred Stock do not have preemptive or subscription rights. 
 Shares of the Series A Preferred Stock rank junior to (i) all of our existing and future indebtedness and (ii) any of our equity securities, including Preferred Stock, that we may authorize or issue in the future, whose terms provide that such securities will rank senior to the Series A Preferred Stock with respect to payment of dividends and distribution of our assets upon our dissolution (such equity securities, Series A senior stock ). We currently have no Series A senior stock outstanding. While any shares of Series A Preferred Stock are outstanding, we may not authorize or create any class or series of Series A senior stock without the affirmative vote of two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast by the holders of outstanding Series A Preferred Stock and all other series of Series A Voting Preferred Stock (defined below), voting as a single class. See -Voting rights below for a discussion of the voting rights applicable if we seek to create any class or series of Series A senior stock. 

Maturity 
 The Series A Preferred Stock does not have a maturity date, and we are not required to redeem or repurchase the Series A Preferred Stock. 
 Optional redemption 
 We may not redeem the Series A Preferred Stock prior to March 15, 2022 except as provided below under -Change of control redemption. At any time or from time to time on or after March 15, 2022, subject to any limitations that may be imposed by law, we may, in the sole discretion of our board of directors, redeem the Series A Preferred Stock, out of funds legally available therefor, in whole or in part, at a price of 25.00 per share of Series A Preferred Stock plus an amount equal to declared and unpaid dividends, if any, from the dividend payment date immediately preceding the redemption date to, but excluding, the redemption date. 
 Holders of the Series A Preferred Stock have no right to require the redemption of the Series A Preferred Stock. 
 Change of control redemption 
 If a change of control event occurs prior to March 15, 2022, within 60 days of the occurrence of such change of control event, we may, in the sole discretion of our board of directors, redeem the Series A Preferred Stock, in whole but not in part, out of funds legally available therefor, at a price of 25.25 per share of Series A Preferred Stock plus an amount equal to any declared and unpaid dividends to, but excluding, the redemption date. 
 If we do not give a redemption notice within the time periods specified in our Certificate of Incorporation following a change of control event (whether before, on or after March 15, 2022), the dividend rate per annum on the Series A Preferred Stock will increase by 5.00 , beginning on the 31st day following the consummation of such change of control event. 
 A change of control event would occur if a change of control is accompanied by (i) the lowering of the rating on certain series of our senior notes that are issued or guaranteed by us by either of the Rating Agencies (as defined below) (or, if no such series of our senior notes are outstanding or no such series of our senior notes are then rated by the applicable Rating Agency, our long-term issuer rating by such Rating Agency) in respect of such change of control and (ii) any series of such senior notes (or, if no such series of our senior notes are outstanding or no such series of our senior notes are then rated by the applicable Rating Agency, our long-term issuer rating by such Rating Agency), is rated below investment grade by both Fitch Ratings Inc. and Standard & Poor s Ratings Services, a division of McGraw-Hill Financial Inc., or any respective successor thereto (jointly, the Rating Agencies and each, a Rating Agency on any date from the date of the 60-day period following public notice of the occurrence of a change of control (which period may be extended as provided in our Certificate of Incorporation). 
 The change of control redemption feature of the Series A Preferred Stock may, in certain circumstances, make more difficult or discourage a sale or takeover of us and, thus, the removal of incumbent management. We have no present intention to engage in a transaction involving a change of control, although it is possible that we could decide to do so in the future. 
 Voting rights 
 Except as indicated below, the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock will have no voting rights. 
 Whenever six quarterly dividends (whether or not consecutive) payable on the Series A Preferred Stock or six quarterly dividends (whether or not consecutive) payable on any series of Series A parity stock have not been declared and paid, the number of directors on our board of directors will be increased by two and the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class with the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock and any other series of Series A parity stock then outstanding upon 

which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable (any such other series, together with the Series B Preferred Stock, the Series A Voting Preferred Stock ), will have the right to elect these two additional directors at a meeting of the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock and such Series A Voting Preferred Stock. These voting rights will continue until four consecutive quarterly dividends have been declared and paid on the Series A Preferred Stock, and the qualification to serve as a director and the terms of office of all directors elected by the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock and such Series A Voting Preferred Stock will cease and terminate immediately and the total number of directors on our board of directors will be automatically decreased by two. 
 The affirmative vote of the holders of two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast by the holders of outstanding Series A Preferred Stock and all series of Series A Voting Preferred Stock, voting as a single class, either at a meeting of stockholders or by written consent, is required in order 
 (i) to amend, alter or repeal any provision of our Certificate of Incorporation relating to the Series A Preferred Stock or any series of Series A Voting Preferred Stock, whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise, to affect materially and adversely the rights, powers and preferences of the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock or Series A Voting Preferred Stock, and 
 (ii) to authorize, create or increase the authorized amount of, any class or series of Preferred Stock having rights senior to the Series A Preferred Stock with respect to the payment of dividends or amounts upon, the dissolution of the Corporation, 
 provided, however, that, in the case of clause (i) above, (x) no such vote of the Series A Preferred Stock or Series A Voting Preferred Stock, as the case may be, is required if in connection with any such amendment, alteration or repeal, by merger, consolidation or otherwise, each share of Series A Preferred Stock and Series A Voting Preferred Stock remains outstanding without the terms thereof being materially and adversely changed in any respect to the holders thereof or is converted into or exchanged for preferred equity securities of the surviving entity having the rights, powers and preferences thereof substantially similar to those of such Series A Preferred Stock or Series A Voting Preferred Stock, as the case may be, and (y) if such amendment materially and adversely affects the rights, powers and preferences of one or more but not all of the classes or series of Series A Voting Preferred Stock and Series A Preferred Stock at the time outstanding, only the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast by the holders of the outstanding shares of the classes or series of Series A Voting Preferred Stock and Series A Preferred Stock so affected, voting as a single class regardless of class or series, is required in lieu of (or, if such consent is required by law, in addition to) the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the holders of the votes entitled to be cast by the Series A Voting Preferred Stock and the Series A Preferred Stock otherwise entitled to vote as a single class provided, further, that, in the case of clause (i) or (ii) above, no such vote of the holders of Series A Voting Preferred Stock or Series A Preferred Stock, as the case may be, is required if, at or prior to the time when such action is to take effect, provision is made for the redemption of all shares of Series A Voting Preferred Stock or Series A Preferred Stock, as the case may be, at the time outstanding. 
 In addition, the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL requires that the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock be entitled to vote as a single class upon any proposed amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation that would increase or decrease the par value of the shares of Preferred Stock or alter or change the powers, preferences, or special rights of the shares of Preferred Stock so as to affect them adversely provided, that in the case of a proposed amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation that would alter or change the powers, preferences, or special rights of one or more series of Preferred Stock so as to affect them adversely, but would not so affect the entire class of Preferred Stock, then only the shares of the series of Preferred Stock so affected by the amendment are entitled to vote as a single class on such amendment for purposes of this requirement imposed by the DGCL. 
 However, we may create additional series or classes of Series A parity stock and any equity securities that rank junior to our Series A Preferred Stock and issue additional series of such stock without the consent of any holder of the Series A Preferred Stock. 
 Amount payable in liquidation 

Upon our dissolution, each holder of the Series A Preferred Stock will be entitled to a payment equal to the sum of the 25.00 liquidation preference per share of Series A Preferred Stock and declared and unpaid dividends, if any, to, but excluding the date of the dissolution. Such payment will be made out of our assets or proceeds thereof available for distribution to the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock following the payment or provision for the liabilities of the Corporation (including the expenses of such dissolution) and the satisfaction of all claims ranking senior to the Series A Preferred Stock. 
 No conversion rights 
 The shares of Series A Preferred Stock are not convertible into Common Stock or any other class or series of our capital stock or any other security. 
 
 Series B Preferred Stock 
 Economic rights 
 Dividends on the Series B Preferred Stock are payable when, as and if declared by our board of directors out of funds legally available therefor, at a rate per annum equal to 6.375 of the 25.00 liquidation preference per share of Series B Preferred Stock. Dividends on the Series B Preferred Stock are payable quarterly on March 15, June 15, September 15 and December 15 of each year, when, as and if declared by our board of directors. 
 Dividends on the Series B Preferred Stock are non-cumulative. 
 Ranking 
 Shares of the Series B Preferred Stock rank senior to our Common Stock and equally with shares of our Series A Preferred Stock and any of our other equity securities, including any other Preferred Stock, that we may issue in the future, whose terms provide that such securities will rank equally with the Series B Preferred Stock with respect to payment of dividends and distribution of our assets upon our dissolution Series B parity stock ). Shares of the Series B Preferred Stock include the same provisions with respect to restrictions on declaration and payment of dividends as the Series A Preferred Stock. Holders of the Series B Preferred Stock do not have preemptive or subscription rights. 
 Shares of the Series B Preferred Stock rank junior to (i) all of our existing and future indebtedness and (ii) any of our equity securities, including Preferred Stock, that we may authorize or issue in the future, whose terms provide that such securities will rank senior to the Series B Preferred Stock with respect to payment of dividends and distribution of our assets upon our dissolution (such equity securities, Series B senior stock ). We currently have no Series B senior stock outstanding. While any shares of Series B Preferred Stock are outstanding, we may not authorize or create any class or series of Series B senior stock without the affirmative vote of the holders of two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast by the holders of outstanding Series B Preferred Stock and all other series of Series B Voting Preferred Stock (defined below), voting as a single class. See -Voting rights below for a discussion of the voting rights applicable if we seek to create any class or series of Series B senior stock. 
 Maturity 
 The Series B Preferred Stock does not have a maturity date, and we are not required to redeem or repurchase the Series B Preferred Stock. 
 Optional redemption 

We may not redeem the Series B Preferred Stock prior to March 15, 2023 except as provided below under -Change of control redemption. At any time or from time to time on or after March 15, 2023, subject to any limitations that may be imposed by law, we may, in the sole discretion of our board of directors, redeem the Series B Preferred Stock, out of funds legally available therefor, in whole or in part, at a price of 25.00 per share of Series B Preferred Stock plus an amount equal to declared and unpaid dividends, if any, from the dividend payment date immediately preceding the redemption date to, but excluding, the redemption date. 
 Holders of the Series B Preferred Stock will have no right to require the redemption of the Series B Preferred Stock. 
 Change of control redemption 
 If a change of control event occurs prior to March 15, 2023, within 60 days of the occurrence of such change of control event, we may, in the sole discretion of our board of directors, redeem the Series B Preferred Stock, in whole but not in part, out of funds legally available therefor, at a price of 25.25 per share of Series B Preferred Stock plus an amount equal to any declared and unpaid dividends to, but excluding, the redemption date. 
 If we do not give a redemption notice within the time periods specified in our Certificate of Incorporation following a change of control event (whether before, on or after March 15, 2023), the dividend rate per annum on the Series B Preferred Stock will increase by 5.00 , beginning on the 31st day following the consummation of such change of control event. 
 A change of control event would occur if a change of control is accompanied by (i) the lowering of the rating on certain series of our senior notes that are issued or guaranteed by us by either of the Rating Agencies (or, if no such series of our senior notes are outstanding or no such series of our senior notes are then rated by the applicable Rating Agency, our long-term issuer rating by such Rating Agency) in respect of such change of control and (ii) any series of such senior notes (or, if no such series of our senior notes are outstanding or no such series of our senior notes are then rate by the applicable Rating Agency, or our long-term issuer rating by such Rating Agency) is rated below investment grade by both Rating Agencies on any date from the date of the 60-day period following public notice of the occurrence of a change of control (which period may be extended as provided in our Certificate of Incorporation). 
 The change of control redemption feature of the Series B Preferred Stock may, in certain circumstances, make more difficult or discourage a sale or takeover of us and, thus, the removal of incumbent management. We have no present intention to engage in a transaction involving a change of control, although it is possible that we could decide to do so in the future. 
 Rating Agency Redemption Event 
 If a rating agency redemption event occurs prior to March 15, 2023, within 60 days of the occurrence of such rating agency redemption event, we may redeem the Series B Preferred Stock, in whole but not in part, out of funds legally available therefor, at a price of 25.50 per share of Series B Preferred Stock, plus an amount equal to all declared and unpaid dividends to, but excluding, the redemption date, without payment of any undeclared dividend. 
 A rating agency redemption event would occur if an applicable rating agency changes the methodology or criteria that were employed in assigning equity credit to securities with features similar to the Series B Preferred Stock on March 19, 2018, which will either (a) shorten the period of time during which equity credit pertaining to the Series B Preferred Stock would have been in effect had the current methodology not been changed or (b) reduces the amount of equity credit assigned to the Series B Preferred Stock as compared with the amount of equity credit that such rating agency had assigned to the Series B Preferred Shares as of March 19, 2018. 
 Voting rights 
 Except as indicated below, the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock will have no voting rights. 

Whenever six quarterly dividends (whether or not consecutive) payable on the Series B Preferred Stock or six quarterly dividends (whether or not consecutive) payable on any series or class of Series B parity stock have not been declared and paid, the number of directors on our board of directors will be increased by two and the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class with the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock and any other class or series of Series B parity stock then outstanding upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable (any such other class or series, together with the Series A Preferred Stock, the Series B Voting Preferred Stock ), will have the right to elect these two additional directors at a meeting of the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock and such Series B Voting Preferred Stock. These voting rights will continue until four consecutive quarterly dividends have been declared and paid on the Series B Preferred Stock, and the qualification to serve as a director and the terms of office of all directors elected by the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock and such Series B voting preferred stock will cease and terminate immediately and the total number of directors on our board of directors will be automatically decreased by two. 
 The affirmative vote of the holders of two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast by the holders of outstanding Series B Preferred Stock and all series of Series B voting preferred stock, voting as a single class, either at a meeting of stockholders or by written consent, is required in order 
 (i) to amend, alter or repeal any provision of our Certificate of Incorporation relating to the Series B Preferred Stock or any series of Series B Voting Preferred Stock, whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise, to affect materially and adversely the rights, powers and preferences of the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock or Series B Voting Preferred Stock, and 
 (ii) to authorize, create or increase the authorized amount of, any class or series of Preferred Stock having rights senior to the Series B Preferred Stock with respect to the payment of dividends or amounts upon the dissolution of the Corporation, provided, however, that, in the case of clause (i) above, (x) no such vote of the Series B Voting Preferred Stock or Series B Preferred Stock, as the case may be, is required if in connection with any such amendment, alteration or repeal, by merger, consolidation or otherwise, each share of Series B voting preferred stock and Series B Preferred Stock remains outstanding without the terms thereof being materially and adversely changed in any respect to the holders thereof or is converted into or exchanged for preferred equity securities of the surviving entity having the rights, powers and preferences thereof substantially similar to those of such Series B voting preferred stock or Series B Voting Preferred Stock, as the case may be, and (y) if such amendment materially and adversely affects the rights, powers and preferences of one or more but not all of the classes or series of Series B Voting Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock at the time outstanding, only the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be case by the holders of the outstanding shares of the classes or series of Series B Voting Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock so affected, voting as a single class regardless of class or series, is required in lieu of (or, if such consent is required by law, in addition to) the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast by the Series B Voting Preferred Stock and the Series B Preferred Stock otherwise entitled to vote as a single class provided, further, that, in the case of clause (i) or (ii) above, no such vote of the holders of Series B Voting Preferred Stock or Series B Preferred Stock, as the case may be, is required if, at or prior to the time when such action is to take effect, provision is made for the redemption of all shares of Series B Voting Preferred Stock or Series B Preferred Stock, as the case may be, at the time outstanding. 
 However, we may create additional series or classes of Series B parity stock and any equity securities that rank junior to our Series B Preferred Stock and issue additional series of such stock without the consent of any holder of the Series B Preferred Stock. 
 Amount payable in liquidation 
 Upon our dissolution, each holder of the Series B Preferred Stock will be entitled to a payment equal to the sum of the 25.00 liquidation preference per share of Series B Preferred Stock and declared and unpaid dividends, if any, to, but excluding the date of the dissolution. Such payment will be made out of our assets or proceeds thereof available for distribution to the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock following the payment or provision for the liabilities of the Corporation (including the expenses of such dissolution) and the satisfaction of all claims ranking senior to the Series B Preferred Stock. 
 No conversion rights 
 The shares of Series B Preferred Stock are not convertible into Common Stock or any other class or series of our capital stock or any other security. 

Anti-Takeover Provisions 
 All of our shares of Common Stock are held by AGM, and our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws contain provisions, which are summarized in the following paragraphs, that give AGM effective control, as sole stockholder of the Common Stock, over the approval of certain types of transactions that may involve an actual or threatened acquisition of our company. These provisions are intended to avoid costly takeover battles, reduce our vulnerability to a hostile change in control or other unsolicited acquisition proposal, and enhance the ability of our board of directors to maximize stockholder value in connection with any unsolicited offer to acquire us. However, these provisions give AGM the power to prevent a merger or acquisition of our company by means of a tender offer, a proxy contest or other takeover attempt that a stockholder might consider in its best interest. 
 Election of directors 
 Directors are elected by an annual meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation in the manner provided in the Bylaws of the Corporation as in effect from time to time. 
 Removal of directors 
 Any director or the whole board of directors (other than a director elected by holders of preferred stock) may be removed, with or without cause, at any time, by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the Common Stock outstanding (i) at an annual meeting or at a special meeting of stockholders called for that purpose or (ii) acting by written consent. 
 Vacancies 
 In addition, our Certificate of Incorporation also provides that, subject to the rights granted to one or more series of Preferred Stock then outstanding, any newly created directorship on the board of directors that results from an increase in the number of directors and any vacancies on our board of directors may be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors then in office, though less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director or by the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the Common Stock outstanding at a stockholder meeting called for the purpose of filling such vacancy or acting by written consent. 
 Choice of forum 
 Unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, and subject to Sections 12.09 and 13.09 of our Certificate of Incorporation, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for 
 (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf 
 (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any current or former director, officer, other employee or stockholders to us or our stockholders 
 (iii) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, the Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws or as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or 
 (iv) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine, 
 except for, as to each of (i) through (iv) above, any claim as to which the Court of Chancery determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten (10) days following such determination), which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery, or for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction. The foregoing will not apply to claims asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), the Exchange Act or other federal securities laws for which there is exclusive federal or concurrent federal and state jurisdiction and, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of such claims. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or 

holding any interest in shares of the Corporation s capital stock will be deemed to have notice of and consented to the provisions described in this paragraph. 

</EX-4.22>

<EX-10.13>
 3
 exhibit1013aamq422.htm
 EX-10.13

Document 
 Exhibit 10.13 

RESTRICTED SHARE UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT UNDER THE APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 2019 OMNIBUS EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 
 This Award Agreement (this RSU Award Agreement ), dated as of , 20 (the Date of Grant ), is made by and between Apollo Global Management, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and (the Participant ). Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Apollo Global Management, Inc. 2019 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan, as the same may be amended, modified or supplemented from time to time (the Plan ). Where the context permits, references to the Company shall include any successor to the Company. If this RSU Award Agreement is not executed and returned to the Company by , , , 20 this Award will be null and void ab initio and the Participant will have no rights hereunder. 
 
 1. Grant of Restricted Share Units. The Company hereby grants to the Participant restricted share units (the RSUs ), subject to all of the terms and conditions of this RSU Award Agreement and the Plan. The Participant acknowledges and agrees that this grant of RSUs is made in full settlement of the Participant s rights to receive the grant of RSUs described in the section of the Participant s employment letter with dated , captioned . 
 
 2. Vesting . 
 
 (a) Subject to the terms of the Plan and this RSU Award Agreement, the RSUs shall vest (and the Restricted Period, as defined below, will lapse) with respect to of the Award on of each of , provided the Participant remains in continuous employment or service with the Company and its Affiliates through each such vesting date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, subject to the Participant s (or the Participant s personal representative s) execution and non-revocation of a general release of claims (which shall include customary carve-outs for indemnification and vested compensatory payments), unless such release requirement is waived by the Company in its sole discretion, upon the Participant s Termination (as defined in Section 5(c) due to death or by the Company and its Affiliates by reason of Disability, the Participant shall also vest in 100 of the unvested RSUs that remain subject to the Award as of such Termination date. 
 
 (b) For purposes of the Award, the Participant shall be deemed to be in continuous employment or service (and not to have experienced a Termination) until such time as the Participant dies or otherwise experiences a separation from service (as such term is defined in Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(h)(1)) or, if earlier, upon the Participant providing or receiving notice that his or her employment or service with the Company and its Affiliates will terminate. Notwithstanding the foregoing, fractional RSUs shall not be deemed vested until they accumulate to equal one whole Share. 
 
 3. Form, Manner and Timing of Payment . Except as otherwise provided in the Plan, each RSU granted hereunder shall represent the right to receive one (1) Share provided that the RSU becomes vested in accordance with Section 5(b) (Shares subject to RSUs covered by this Award, RSU Shares ). Subject to the terms of the Plan, for each RSU that does not terminate prior to the vesting date shown in Section 2(a) pursuant to Section 5(c) , the Company, or its Subsidiaries or Affiliates, shall issue to the Participant, on the applicable issuance date set forth in Section 4 , one (1) RSU Share (either by delivering one or more certificates for such shares or by entering such shares in book-entry form, as determined by the Company in its discretion). Such issuance shall constitute payment of the RSU. References herein to issuances to the Participant shall include issuances to any Beneficial Owner or other Person to whom (or 
 1 

to which) the RSU Shares are issued. The Company s obligation to issue RSU Shares or otherwise make any payment with respect to vested RSUs is subject to the condition precedent that the Participant or other Person entitled under the Plan to receive any RSU Shares with respect to the vested RSUs deliver to the Company any representations or other documents or assurances required pursuant to Section 15 and the Company may meet any obligation to issue RSU Shares by having one or more of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates issue the RSU Shares. The Participant shall have no further rights with respect to any RSUs that are paid or that terminate pursuant to Section 5(c) . 
 
 4. Delivery . One (1) RSU Share shall be issued in payment of each vested RSU not later than the 15th day of the third month after the later of the last day of the Participant s or the Company s fiscal year in which the RSU vests, consistent with Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(b)(4). Fractional RSU Shares shall not be issued (or any consideration provided therefor) but shall accumulate. 
 
 5. Restrictions . 
 
 (a) The RSUs may not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged, hypothecated or otherwise disposed of or encumbered. The transfer restrictions contained in the preceding sentence shall not apply to (a) transfers to the Company, or (b) transfers of vested RSUs by will or the laws of descent and distribution, or (c) if approved by the Administrator in its sole discretion, transfers of RSUs in accordance with the requirements of Instruction A.1. (a)(5) of Form S-8 under the Securities Act or other applicable law. The RSUs shall be subject to a risk of forfeiture as described in Section 5(c) until the lapse of the Restricted Period (as defined below) and any additional requirements or restrictions contained in this RSU Award Agreement or in the Plan have been otherwise satisfied, terminated or expressly waived by the Company in writing. 
 
 (b) Subject to Section 5(c) , the RSU Shares subject to the RSUs shall become vested hereunder in accordance with the vesting schedule set forth in Section 2(a) (the Restricted Period ). 
 
 (c) Except as otherwise provided under the terms of the Plan, or in the vesting schedule set forth in Section 2(a) , if the Participant s employment or service terminates for any reason (a Termination ), then all rights of the Participant with respect to RSUs that have not vested shall immediately be forfeited without payment of any consideration, and neither the Participant nor any of his or her successors, heirs, assigns, or personal representatives shall thereafter have any further rights or interests in such RSUs. Employment or service for only a portion of a vesting period, even if a substantial portion, will not entitle the Participant to any proportionate vesting or avoid or mitigate a termination of rights and benefits upon a Termination. 
 
 6. Voting and Other Rights Dividend Equivalents . The Participant shall have no rights of a shareholder (including voting rights and the right to dividends or distributions), and will not be treated as an owner of Shares for tax purposes, except with respect to RSU Shares that have been issued. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Participant shall accrue rights to dividend equivalents from the Company or its Subsidiaries or Affiliates on the RSUs, whether or not vested, at the time of an ordinary cash dividend on Shares. Any dividend equivalent so accrued in respect of a RSU shall have the same value as the ordinary cash dividend on an outstanding Share that gave rise to the dividend equivalent, and shall be paid not later than 30 days after such ordinary cash dividend is paid to the holders of Shares. Rights to dividend equivalents on an RSU shall terminate upon the issuance or forfeiture of the underlying RSU Share or, if earlier, upon the Participant providing or receiving notice that his or her employment or service with the Company and its Affiliates will terminate. Under no circumstances shall the Participant be entitled to receive (a) both a dividend and a dividend equivalent with respect to an RSU 
 2 

(or its associated RSU Share) or (b) any dividend or dividend equivalent with respect to a forfeited or fractional RSU. 
 
 7. RSU Award Agreement Subject to Plan . This RSU Award Agreement is made pursuant to all of the provisions of the Plan, which is incorporated herein by this reference, and is intended, and shall be interpreted in a manner, to comply therewith. In the event of any conflict between the provisions of this RSU Award Agreement and the provisions of the Plan, the provisions of the Plan shall govern. 
 8. No Rights to Continuation of Employment or Service . Nothing in the Plan or this RSU Award Agreement shall confer upon the Participant any right to continue in the employ or service of the Company or any Subsidiary thereof or shall interfere with or restrict the right of the Company (or a Subsidiary or Affiliate or its shareholders, as the case may be) to terminate the Participant s employment or service any time for any reason whatsoever, with or without Cause. The Plan and this RSU Award Agreement shall not (a) form any part of any contract of employment or contract for services between the Company or any past or present Subsidiary thereof and any directors, officers or employees of those companies, (b) confer any legal or equitable rights (other than those constituting the Awards themselves) against the Company or any past or present Subsidiary thereof, directly or indirectly, or (c) give rise to any cause of action in law or in equity against the Company or any past or present Subsidiary thereof. 
 
 9. Restrictive Covenants . The Participant agrees that the restrictive covenants set forth in the Participant s and any other applicable written arrangement are incorporated herein by reference as if contained herein. Nothing contained herein shall reduce or limit the application or scope of any restrictive covenants in favor of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates (for example, with respect to competition, solicitation, confidentiality, intellectual property, subsequent engagement, interference or disparagement) to which the Participant is otherwise subject. The Participant acknowledges that the Company would not have granted this Award if the Participant had not agreed to be bound by such restrictive covenants, as the same may be amended from time to time. Nothing in this RSU Award Agreement or any other agreement or arrangement of the Company or any of its Affiliates to which the Participant is subject will (a) prohibit the Participant from making reports of possible violations of U.S. federal law or regulation to any governmental agency or entity in accordance with Section 21F of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, Section 806 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or any other whistleblower protection provisions of U.S. federal law or regulation, or (b) require notification or prior approval by the Company or any of its Affiliates of any such reporting. 
 
 10. Tax Withholding . The Participant is responsible for all taxes and any tax-related penalties the Participant incurs in connection with the Award. The Company or its Subsidiaries or Affiliates shall be entitled to require a cash payment by or on behalf of the Participant and or to deduct, from other compensation payable to the Participant, any sums required by U.S. federal, state or local law (or by any tax authority outside of the United States) to be withheld or accounted for by the Company or its Subsidiaries or Affiliates with respect to any RSU. The Company in its discretion may alternatively reduce the number of shares to be issued by the appropriate number of whole Shares, valued at their then Fair Market Value, or require any other available method, to satisfy any withholding or tax obligations of the Company or its Subsidiaries or Affiliates with respect to the RSUs at the applicable rates. 
 
 11. Section 409A Compliance . This Award is intended to be exempt from, or comply with, Section 409A and to be interpreted in a manner consistent therewith. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this RSU Award Agreement, to the extent that the Administrator determines that the Plan or an RSU is subject to Section 409A and fails to comply with the requirements of Section 409A, the Administrator reserves the right (without any obligation to do so or to indemnify the Participant for 
 3 

failure to do so), without the consent of the Participant, to amend or terminate the Plan and RSU Award Agreement and or to amend, restructure, terminate or replace the RSU in order to cause the RSU to either not be subject to Section 409A or to comply with the applicable provisions of such section. To the extent necessary to avoid the imposition of tax or penalty under Section 409A, any payment by the Company or any Subsidiary or Affiliate to the Participant (if the Participant is then a specified employee as defined in Code Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) and Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(i)(1)) of deferred compensation, whether pursuant to the Plan or otherwise, arising solely due to a separation from service (and not by reason of the lapse of a substantial risk of forfeiture ), as such terms are used in Section 409A, shall be delayed (to the extent otherwise payable prior to such date) and paid on the first day following the six-month period beginning on the date of the Participant s separation from service under Section 409A (or, if earlier, upon the Participant s death). Each payment or installment due to the Participant from the Company or any of its Affiliates, whether under this RSU Award Agreement or otherwise, is intended to constitute a separate payment for purposes of Section 409A. In no event shall the Company or any Subsidiary or Affiliate (or any agent thereof) have any liability to the Participant or any other Person due to the failure of the Award to satisfy the requirements of Section 409A. 
 
 12. Governing Law Arbitration Waiver of Jury Trial . 
 (a) This RSU Award Agreement shall be governed by, interpreted under and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware (without regard to any conflicts of laws principles thereof that would give effect to the laws of another jurisdiction), and any dispute, controversy, suit, action or proceeding Proceeding arising out of or relating to this Award or any other Award, other than the injunctive relief described below in this paragraph, will, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in Section 14(e) of the Plan, be settled exclusively by arbitration, conducted before a single arbitrator in New York County, New York (applying Delaware law) in accordance with, and pursuant to, the Employment Arbitration Rules and Procedures of JAMS JAMS ). The decision of the arbitrator will be final and binding upon the parties hereto. Any arbitral award may be entered as a judgment or order in any court of competent jurisdiction. Either party may commence litigation in court to obtain injunctive relief in aid of arbitration, to compel arbitration, or to confirm or vacate an award, to the extent authorized by the U.S. Federal Arbitration Act or the New York Arbitration Act. The arbitrator may grant interim injunctive relief and the Company or its successors or assigns may commence litigation in court to obtain injunctive relief or an order requiring specific performance to enforce, or prevent any violations of, the covenants referenced in Section 9 . The Company and the Participant will share the JAMS administrative fees, the arbitrator s fee and expenses. Each party shall be responsible for such party s attorneys fees. 
 
 (b) IF THIS AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE IS HELD INVALID OR UNENFORCEABLE THEN, TO THE EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW THAT CANNOT BE WAIVED, THE PARTICIPANT AND THE COMPANY WAIVE AND COVENANT THAT THE PARTICIPANT AND THE COMPANY WILL NOT ASSERT (WHETHER AS PLAINTIFF, DEFENDANT OR OTHERWISE) ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION ARISING IN WHOLE OR IN PART UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH AN AWARD UNDER THE PLAN OR ANY MATTERS CONTEMPLATED THEREBY, WHETHER NOW OR HEREAFTER ARISING, AND WHETHER SOUNDING IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, AND AGREE THAT ANY OF THE COMPANY OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES OR THE PARTICIPANT MAY FILE A COPY OF THIS PARAGRAPH WITH ANY COURT AS WRITTEN EVIDENCE OF THE KNOWING, VOLUNTARY AND BARGAINED-FOR AGREEMENT AMONG THE COMPANY AND ITS AFFILIATES, ON THE ONE HAND, AND THE PARTICIPANT, ON THE OTHER HAND, IRREVOCABLY TO WAIVE THE RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY PROCEEDING WHATSOEVER BETWEEN SUCH 
 4 

PARTIES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO AN AWARD UNDER THE PLAN AND THAT ANY PROCEEDING PROPERLY HEARD BY A COURT UNDER AN AWARD AGREEMENT UNDER THE PLAN WILL INSTEAD BE TRIED IN A COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION BY A JUDGE SITTING WITHOUT A JURY. 
 
 13. RSU Award Agreement Binding on Successors . The terms of this RSU Award Agreement shall be binding upon the Participant and upon the Participant s heirs, executors, administrators, personal representatives, transferees, assignees and successors in interest and upon the Company, its Affiliates and its and their successors and assignees, subject to the terms of the Plan. 
 
 14. No Assignment . Subject to the second sentence of Section 5(a) , neither this RSU Award Agreement nor any rights granted herein shall be assignable by the Participant other than (with respect to any rights that survive the Participant s death) by will or the laws of descent and distribution. No purported sale, assignment, mortgage, hypothecation, transfer, pledge, encumbrance, gift, transfer in trust (voting or other) or other disposition of, or creation of a security interest in or lien on, any RSUs or RSU Shares by any holder thereof in violation of the provisions of this RSU Award Agreement or the Plan will be valid, and the Company will not transfer any of said RSUs or RSU Shares on its books nor will any RSU Shares be entitled to vote, nor will any distributions be paid thereon, unless and until there has been full compliance with said provisions to the satisfaction of the Company. The foregoing restrictions are in addition to and not in lieu of any other remedies, legal or equitable, available to enforce said provisions. 
 
 15. Necessary Acts . The Participant hereby agrees to perform all acts, and to execute and deliver any documents, that may be reasonably necessary to carry out the provisions of this RSU Award Agreement, including but not limited to all acts and documents related to compliance with securities, tax and other applicable laws and regulations. 
 
 16. Limitation on the Participant s Rights Not a Trust . Participation in the Plan confers no rights or interests other than as herein provided. This RSU Award Agreement creates only a contractual obligation on the part of the Company as to amounts payable and shall not be construed as creating a trust. Neither the Plan nor any underlying program, in and of itself, has any assets, and the RSUs shall not be treated as property or as a trust fund of any kind. The RSUs shall be used solely as a device for the determination of the payments to eventually be made to the Participant if the RSUs vest pursuant to Section 2 and Section 5 . The Participant shall have only the rights of a general unsecured creditor of the Company with respect to amounts credited and benefits payable, if any, with respect to the RSUs, and rights no greater than the right to receive the RSU Shares as a general unsecured creditor with respect to RSUs, as and when payable hereunder. 
 
 17. Severability . Should any provision of this RSU Award Agreement be held by an arbitrator or court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable, or enforceable only if modified, such holding shall not affect the validity of the remainder of this RSU Award Agreement, the balance of which shall continue to be binding upon the parties hereto with any such modification (if any) to become a part hereof and treated as though contained in this original RSU Award Agreement. Moreover, if one or more of the provisions contained in this RSU Award Agreement shall for any reason be held to be excessively broad as to scope, activity, subject or otherwise so as to be unenforceable, then in lieu of severing such unenforceable provision or provisions, it or they shall be construed by the appropriate judicial body or arbitral tribunal by limiting or reducing it or them, so as to be enforceable to the maximum extent compatible with the applicable law as it shall then appear, and such determination by a judicial body or arbitral tribunal shall not affect the enforceability of such provisions or provisions in any other jurisdiction. 
 5 

18. Failure to Enforce Not a Waiver . The failure of the Company to enforce at any time any provision of this RSU Award Agreement shall in no way be construed to be a waiver of that provision or of any other provision hereof. 
 
 19. Entire Agreement . This RSU Award Agreement and the Plan contain the entire agreement and understanding among the parties as to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior writings or understandings with respect to the grant of RSUs covered by this Award. The Participant acknowledges that any summary of the Plan or this RSU Award Agreement provided by the Company is subject in its entirety to the terms of the Plan and this RSU Award Agreement. 
 
 20. Headings . Headings are used solely for the convenience of the parties and shall not be deemed to be a limitation upon or description of the contents of any Section. 
 
 21. Counterparts . This RSU Award Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, including via facsimile or PDF, each of which shall be deemed to be an original and all of which together shall be deemed to be one and the same instrument. 
 
 22. Amendment . Except as otherwise provided in the Plan or Section 11 , no amendment or modification hereof shall be valid unless it shall be in writing and signed by all parties hereto. 
 
 23. Disposition of Shares Issued . Subject to applicable law, the Participant may dispose of vested RSU Shares granted under this Award during any window period in which sales by Company personnel are permitted, or otherwise pursuant to the terms of a 10b5-1 plan on the same terms as apply to the use of such plans by other Company personnel, subject to approval by the Company s compliance department. All dispositions of RSU Shares are subject to compliance with the Company s Share Ownership Policy as in effect from time to time. 
 
 24. Acknowledgements and Representations . The Participant is acquiring the RSUs and, if and when the RSUs vest, will acquire the RSU Shares covered thereby solely for the Participant s own account, for investment purposes only, and not with a view to or an intent to sell or distribute, or to offer for resale in connection with any unregistered distribution, all or any portion of the RSUs or RSU Shares within the meaning of the Securities Act and or any applicable state securities laws. The Participant has had an opportunity to ask questions and receive answers from the Company regarding the terms and conditions of the Award and the restrictions imposed on the RSUs and the RSU Shares. The Participant has been furnished with, and or has access to, such information as he or she considers necessary or appropriate for deciding whether to accept the Award. However, in evaluating the merits and risks of an investment in the Company, the Participant has and will rely upon the advice of his her own legal counsel, tax advisors, and or investment advisors. The Participant is aware that RSU Shares may be of no practical value. The Participant has read and understands the restrictions and limitations set forth in the Plan and this RSU Award Agreement, which are imposed on the RSUs and the RSU Shares. The Participant confirms that the Participant has not relied on any warranty, representation, assurance or promise of any kind whatsoever in entering into this RSU Award Agreement other than as expressly set out in this RSU Award Agreement or in the Plan. 
 
 25. Electronic Delivery . The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to the Award (or future Awards that may be granted under the Plan) and participation in the Plan by electronic means or to request the Participant s consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. The Participant hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and, 
 6 

if requested, to agree to participate in the Plan through an online or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 
 
 26. Recoupment . The Participant, by accepting the Award, hereby acknowledges and agrees that the Participant will be subject to any policy adopted by the Company that provides for the repayment or forfeiture of incentive compensation (including but not limited to Awards and amounts payable thereunder), including, without limitation, as a result of a detrimental activity or a required accounting restatement. 
 
 Signature page follows 
 7 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this RSU Award Agreement as of the date set forth above. 
 
 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 
 
 The undersigned hereby accepts and agrees to all of the terms and provisions of this RSU Award Agreement. 
 
 PARTICIPANT 
 
 By 
 Name 

Signature Page to RSU Award Agreement 2019 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan 

</EX-10.13>

<EX-10.14>
 4
 exhibit1014aamq422.htm
 EX-10.14

Document 
 Exhibit 10.14 

FORM OF DIRECTOR RESTRICTED SHARE UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT UNDER THE APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 2019 OMNIBUS EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 
 This Award Agreement (this RSU Award Agreement ), dated as of , 20 , (the Date of Grant ), is made by and between Apollo Global Management, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and (the Participant ). Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Apollo Global Management, Inc. 2019 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan, as the same may be amended, modified or supplemented from time to time (the Plan ). Where the context permits, references to the Company shall include any successor to the Company. If this RSU Award Agreement is not executed and returned to the Company by , , 20 , this Award will be null and void ab initio and the Participant will have no rights hereunder. 
 
 1. Grant of Restricted Share Units . The Company hereby grants to the Participant restricted share units (the RSUs ), subject to all of the terms and conditions of this RSU Award Agreement and the Plan. 
 
 2. Vesting . 
 
 (a) Subject to the terms of the Plan and this RSU Award Agreement, the RSUs shall vest (and the Restricted Period, as defined below, will lapse) with respect to one-third (1 3) of the Award on June 30 of each of 2023, 2024 and 2025, provided the Participant remains in continuous employment or service with the Company and its Affiliates through each such vesting date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, subject to the Participant s (or the Participant s personal representative s) execution and non-revocation of a general release of claims (which shall include customary carve-outs for indemnification and vested compensatory payments), unless such release requirement is waived by the Company in its sole discretion, upon the Participant s Termination (as defined in Section 5(c) due to death or by the Company and its Affiliates by reason of Disability, the Participant shall also vest in 100 of the unvested RSUs that remain subject to the Award as of such Termination date. 
 
 (b) For purposes of the Award, the Participant shall be deemed to be in continuous employment or service (and not to have experienced a Termination) until such time as the Participant dies or otherwise experiences a separation from service (as such term is defined in Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(h)(1)) or, if earlier, upon the Participant providing or receiving notice that his or her employment or service with the Company and its Affiliates will terminate. Notwithstanding the foregoing, fractional RSUs shall not be deemed vested until they accumulate to equal one whole Share. 
 
 3. Form, Manner and Timing of Payment . Except as otherwise provided in the Plan, each RSU granted hereunder shall represent the right to receive one (1) Share provided that the RSU becomes vested in accordance with Section 5(b) (Shares subject to RSUs covered by this Award, RSU Shares ). Subject to the terms of the Plan, for each RSU that does not terminate prior to the vesting date shown in Section 2(a) pursuant to Section 5(c) , the Company, or its Subsidiaries or Affiliates, shall issue to the Participant, on the applicable issuance date set forth in Section 4 , one (1) RSU Share (either by delivering one or more certificates for such shares or by entering such shares in book-entry form, as determined by the Company in its discretion). Such issuance shall constitute payment of the RSU. References herein to issuances to the Participant shall include issuances to any Beneficial Owner or other Person to whom (or to which) the RSU Shares are issued. The Company s obligation to issue RSU Shares or otherwise make any payment with respect to vested RSUs is subject to the condition precedent that the Participant or other Person entitled under the Plan to receive any RSU Shares with respect to the vested RSUs deliver to the 
 1 

Company any representations or other documents or assurances required pursuant to Section 15 and the Company may meet any obligation to issue RSU Shares by having one or more of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates issue the RSU Shares. The Participant shall have no further rights with respect to any RSUs that are paid or that terminate pursuant to Section 5(c) . 
 
 4. Delivery . One (1) RSU Share shall be issued in payment of each vested RSU not later than the 15th day of the third month after the later of the last day of the Participant s or the Company s fiscal year in which the RSU vests, consistent with Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(b)(4). Fractional RSU Shares shall not be issued (or any consideration provided therefor) but shall accumulate. 
 
 5. Restrictions . 
 
 (a) The RSUs may not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged, hypothecated or otherwise disposed of or encumbered. The transfer restrictions contained in the preceding sentence shall not apply to (a) transfers to the Company, or (b) transfers of vested RSUs by will or the laws of descent and distribution, or (c) if approved by the Administrator in its sole discretion, transfers of RSUs in accordance with the requirements of Instruction A.1. (a)(5) of Form S-8 under the Securities Act or other applicable law. The RSUs shall be subject to a risk of forfeiture as described in Section 5(c) until the lapse of the Restricted Period (as defined below) and any additional requirements or restrictions contained in this RSU Award Agreement or in the Plan have been otherwise satisfied, terminated or expressly waived by the Company in writing. 
 
 (b) Subject to Section 5(c) , the RSU Shares subject to the RSUs shall become vested hereunder in accordance with the vesting schedule set forth in Section 2(a) (the Restricted Period ). 
 
 (c) Except as otherwise provided under the terms of the Plan, or in the vesting schedule set forth in Section 2(a) , if the Participant s employment or service terminates for any reason (a Termination ), then all rights of the Participant with respect to RSUs that have not vested shall immediately be forfeited without payment of any consideration, and neither the Participant nor any of his or her successors, heirs, assigns, or personal representatives shall thereafter have any further rights or interests in such RSUs. Employment or service for only a portion of a vesting period, even if a substantial portion, will not entitle the Participant to any proportionate vesting or avoid or mitigate a termination of rights and benefits upon a Termination. 
 
 6. Voting and Other Rights Dividend Equivalents . The Participant shall have no rights of a shareholder (including voting rights and the right to dividends or distributions), and will not be treated as an owner of Shares for tax purposes, except with respect to RSU Shares that have been issued. Notwithstanding the foregoing, from the date an RSU vests until the date the RSU Share is issued with respect to it (such period, the Vested but Unissued Period ), the Participant shall be entitled to receive dividend equivalents on the vested RSUs from the Company or its Subsidiaries or Affiliates. The dividend equivalents payable in respect of a vested RSU shall have the same value as the ordinary cash dividend on an outstanding Share that gave rise to the dividend equivalent during the Vested but Unissued Period. All dividend equivalents (if any) payable on a vested RSU during the Company s fiscal year shall be paid not later than 30 days after such ordinary cash dividend is paid to the holders of Shares. Rights to dividend equivalents on an RSU shall terminate upon the issuance or forfeiture of the underlying RSU Share or, if earlier, upon the Participant providing or receiving notice that his or her employment or service with the Company and its Affiliates will terminate. Under no circumstances shall the Participant be entitled to receive (a) both a dividend and a dividend equivalent with respect to a vested RSU (or its associated RSU Share) or (b) any dividend or dividend equivalent with respect to an unvested, forfeited or fractional RSU. 
 2 

7. RSU Award Agreement Subject to Plan . This RSU Award Agreement is made pursuant to all of the provisions of the Plan, which is incorporated herein by this reference, and is intended, and shall be interpreted in a manner, to comply therewith. In the event of any conflict between the provisions of this RSU Award Agreement and the provisions of the Plan, the provisions of the Plan shall govern. 
 
 8. No Rights to Continuation of Employment or Service . Nothing in the Plan or this RSU Award Agreement shall confer upon the Participant any right to continue in the employ or service of the Company or any Subsidiary thereof or shall interfere with or restrict the right of the Company (or a Subsidiary or Affiliate or its shareholders, as the case may be) to terminate the Participant s employment or service any time for any reason whatsoever, with or without Cause. The Plan and this RSU Award Agreement shall not (a) form any part of any contract of employment or contract for services between the Company or any past or present Subsidiary thereof and any directors, officers or employees of those companies, (b) confer any legal or equitable rights (other than those constituting the Awards themselves) against the Company or any past or present Subsidiary thereof, directly or indirectly, or (c) give rise to any cause of action in law or in equity against the Company or any past or present Subsidiary thereof. 
 
 9. Restrictive Covenants . The Participant agrees that the restrictive covenants regarding confidential information set forth in the Participant s engagement letter with the Company dated , 2022 (as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, the Engagement Letter are incorporated herein by reference as if contained herein and the Participant understands, acknowledges and agrees that such restrictive covenants apply to the Participant. 
 
 10. Tax Withholding . The Participant is responsible for all taxes and any tax-related penalties the Participant incurs in connection with the Award. To the extent any withholding requirements apply to the Participant in connection with the Award, the Company or its Subsidiaries or Affiliates shall be entitled to require a cash payment by or on behalf of the Participant and or to deduct, from other compensation payable to the Participant, any sums required by U.S. federal, state or local law (or by any tax authority outside of the United States) to be withheld or accounted for by the Company or its Subsidiaries or Affiliates with respect to any RSU. The Company in its discretion may alternatively reduce the number of shares to be issued by the appropriate number of whole Shares, valued at their then Fair Market Value, or require any other available method, to satisfy any withholding or tax obligations of the Company or its Subsidiaries or Affiliates with respect to the RSUs at the applicable rates. 
 
 11. Section 409A Compliance . This Award is intended to be exempt from, or comply with, Section 409A and to be interpreted in a manner consistent therewith. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this RSU Award Agreement, to the extent that the Administrator determines that the Plan or an RSU is subject to Section 409A and fails to comply with the requirements of Section 409A, the Administrator reserves the right (without any obligation to do so or to indemnify the Participant for failure to do so), without the consent of the Participant, to amend or terminate the Plan and RSU Award Agreement and or to amend, restructure, terminate or replace the RSU in order to cause the RSU to either not be subject to Section 409A or to comply with the applicable provisions of such section. To the extent necessary to avoid the imposition of tax or penalty under Section 409A, any payment by the Company or any Subsidiary or Affiliate to the Participant (if the Participant is then a specified employee as defined in Code Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) and Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(i)(1)) of deferred compensation, whether pursuant to the Plan or otherwise, arising solely due to a separation from service (and not by reason of the lapse of a substantial risk of forfeiture ), as such terms are used in Section 409A, shall be delayed (to the extent otherwise payable prior to such date) and paid on the first day following the six-month period beginning on the date of the Participant s separation from service under Section 409A (or, if earlier, upon the Participant s death). Each payment or installment due to the Participant from the 
 3 

Company or any of its Affiliates, whether under this RSU Award Agreement or otherwise, is intended to constitute a separate payment for purposes of Section 409A. In no event shall the Company or any Subsidiary or Affiliate (or any agent thereof) have any liability to the Participant or any other Person due to the failure of the Award to satisfy the requirements of Section 409A. 
 
 12. Governing Law Arbitration Waiver of Jury Trial . 
 (a) This RSU Award Agreement shall be governed by, interpreted under and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware (without regard to any conflicts of laws principles thereof that would give effect to the laws of another jurisdiction), and any dispute, controversy, suit, action or proceeding Proceeding arising out of or relating to this Award or any other Award, other than the injunctive relief described below in this paragraph, will, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in Section 14(e) of the Plan, be settled exclusively by arbitration, conducted before a single arbitrator in New York County, New York (applying Delaware law) in accordance with, and pursuant to, the Commercial Arbitration Rules and Procedures of JAMS JAMS ). The decision of the arbitrator will be final and binding upon the parties hereto. Any arbitral award may be entered as a judgment or order in any court of competent jurisdiction. Either party may commence litigation in court to obtain injunctive relief in aid of arbitration, to compel arbitration, or to confirm or vacate an award, to the extent authorized by the U.S. Federal Arbitration Act or the New York Arbitration Act. The arbitrator may grant interim injunctive relief and the Company or its successors or assigns may commence litigation in court to obtain injunctive relief or an order requiring specific performance to enforce, or prevent any violations of, the covenants referenced in Section 9 . The Company and the Participant will share the JAMS administrative fees, the arbitrator s fee and expenses. Each party shall be responsible for such party s attorneys fees. 
 
 (b) IF THIS AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE IS HELD INVALID OR UNENFORCEABLE THEN, TO THE EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW THAT CANNOT BE WAIVED, THE PARTICIPANT AND THE COMPANY WAIVE AND COVENANT THAT THE PARTICIPANT AND THE COMPANY WILL NOT ASSERT (WHETHER AS PLAINTIFF, DEFENDANT OR OTHERWISE) ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION ARISING IN WHOLE OR IN PART UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH AN AWARD UNDER THE PLAN OR ANY MATTERS CONTEMPLATED THEREBY, WHETHER NOW OR HEREAFTER ARISING, AND WHETHER SOUNDING IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, AND AGREE THAT ANY OF THE COMPANY OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES OR THE PARTICIPANT MAY FILE A COPY OF THIS PARAGRAPH WITH ANY COURT AS WRITTEN EVIDENCE OF THE KNOWING, VOLUNTARY AND BARGAINED-FOR AGREEMENT AMONG THE COMPANY AND ITS AFFILIATES, ON THE ONE HAND, AND THE PARTICIPANT, ON THE OTHER HAND, IRREVOCABLY TO WAIVE THE RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY PROCEEDING WHATSOEVER BETWEEN SUCH PARTIES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO AN AWARD UNDER THE PLAN AND THAT ANY PROCEEDING PROPERLY HEARD BY A COURT UNDER AN AWARD AGREEMENT UNDER THE PLAN WILL INSTEAD BE TRIED IN A COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION BY A JUDGE SITTING WITHOUT A JURY. 
 
 13. RSU Award Agreement Binding on Successors . The terms of this RSU Award Agreement shall be binding upon the Participant and upon the Participant s heirs, executors, administrators, personal representatives, transferees, assignees and successors in interest and upon the Company, its Affiliates and its and their successors and assignees, subject to the terms of the Plan. 
 
 14. No Assignment . Subject to the second sentence of Section 5(a) , neither this RSU Award Agreement nor any rights granted herein shall be assignable by the Participant other than (with respect to any rights that survive the Participant s death) by will or the laws of descent and distribution. No 
 4 

purported sale, assignment, mortgage, hypothecation, transfer, pledge, encumbrance, gift, transfer in trust (voting or other) or other disposition of, or creation of a security interest in or lien on, any RSUs or RSU Shares by any holder thereof in violation of the provisions of this RSU Award Agreement or the Plan will be valid, and the Company will not transfer any of said RSUs or RSU Shares on its books nor will any RSU Shares be entitled to vote, nor will any distributions be paid thereon, unless and until there has been full compliance with said provisions to the satisfaction of the Company. The foregoing restrictions are in addition to and not in lieu of any other remedies, legal or equitable, available to enforce said provisions. 
 
 15. Necessary Acts . The Participant hereby agrees to perform all acts, and to execute and deliver any documents, that may be reasonably necessary to carry out the provisions of this RSU Award Agreement, including but not limited to all acts and documents related to compliance with securities, tax and other applicable laws and regulations. 
 
 16. Limitation on the Participant s Rights Not a Trust . Participation in the Plan confers no rights or interests other than as herein provided. This RSU Award Agreement creates only a contractual obligation on the part of the Company as to amounts payable and shall not be construed as creating a trust. Neither the Plan nor any underlying program, in and of itself, has any assets, and the RSUs shall not be treated as property or as a trust fund of any kind. The RSUs shall be used solely as a device for the determination of the payments to eventually be made to the Participant if the RSUs vest pursuant to Section 2 and Section 5 . The Participant shall have only the rights of a general unsecured creditor of the Company with respect to amounts credited and benefits payable, if any, with respect to the RSUs, and rights no greater than the right to receive the RSU Shares as a general unsecured creditor with respect to RSUs, as and when payable hereunder. 
 
 17. Severability . Should any provision of this RSU Award Agreement be held by an arbitrator or court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable, or enforceable only if modified, such holding shall not affect the validity of the remainder of this RSU Award Agreement, the balance of which shall continue to be binding upon the parties hereto with any such modification (if any) to become a part hereof and treated as though contained in this original RSU Award Agreement. Moreover, if one or more of the provisions contained in this RSU Award Agreement shall for any reason be held to be excessively broad as to scope, activity, subject or otherwise so as to be unenforceable, then in lieu of severing such unenforceable provision or provisions, it or they shall be construed by the appropriate judicial body or arbitral tribunal by limiting or reducing it or them, so as to be enforceable to the maximum extent compatible with the applicable law as it shall then appear, and such determination by a judicial body or arbitral tribunal shall not affect the enforceability of such provisions or provisions in any other jurisdiction. 
 
 18. Failure to Enforce Not a Waiver . The failure of the Company to enforce at any time any provision of this RSU Award Agreement shall in no way be construed to be a waiver of that provision or of any other provision hereof. 
 
 19. Entire Agreement . This RSU Award Agreement and the Plan contain the entire agreement and understanding among the parties as to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior writings or understandings with respect to the grant of RSUs covered by this Award. The Participant acknowledges that any summary of the Plan or this RSU Award Agreement provided by the Company is subject in its entirety to the terms of the Plan and this RSU Award Agreement. 
 
 20. Headings . Headings are used solely for the convenience of the parties and shall not be deemed to be a limitation upon or description of the contents of any Section. 
 
 5 

21. Counterparts . This RSU Award Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, including via facsimile or PDF, each of which shall be deemed to be an original and all of which together shall be deemed to be one and the same instrument. 
 
 22. Amendment . Except as otherwise provided in the Plan or Section 11 , no amendment or modification hereof shall be valid unless it shall be in writing and signed by all parties hereto. 
 
 23. Disposition of Shares Issued . Subject to applicable law, the Participant may dispose of vested RSU Shares granted under this Award during any window period in which sales by Company personnel are permitted, or otherwise pursuant to the terms of a 10b5-1 plan on the same terms as apply to the use of such plans by other Company personnel, subject to approval by the Company s compliance department. All dispositions of RSU Shares are subject to compliance with the terms of the Engagement Letter and Company policies as in effect from time to time. 
 
 24. Acknowledgements and Representations . The Participant is acquiring the RSUs and, if and when the RSUs vest, will acquire the RSU Shares covered thereby solely for the Participant s own account, for investment purposes only, and not with a view to or an intent to sell or distribute, or to offer for resale in connection with any unregistered distribution, all or any portion of the RSUs or RSU Shares within the meaning of the Securities Act and or any applicable state securities laws. The Participant has had an opportunity to ask questions and receive answers from the Company regarding the terms and conditions of the Award and the restrictions imposed on the RSUs and the RSU Shares. The Participant has been furnished with, and or has access to, such information as he or she considers necessary or appropriate for deciding whether to accept the Award. However, in evaluating the merits and risks of an investment in the Company, the Participant has and will rely upon the advice of his her own legal counsel, tax advisors, and or investment advisors. The Participant is aware that RSU Shares may be of no practical value. The Participant has read and understands the restrictions and limitations set forth in the Plan and this RSU Award Agreement, which are imposed on the RSUs and the RSU Shares. The Participant confirms that the Participant has not relied on any warranty, representation, assurance or promise of any kind whatsoever in entering into this RSU Award Agreement other than as expressly set out in this RSU Award Agreement or in the Plan. 
 
 25. Electronic Delivery . The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to the Award (or future Awards that may be granted under the Plan) and participation in the Plan by electronic means or to request the Participant s consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. The Participant hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and, if requested, to agree to participate in the Plan through an online or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 
 
 26. Recoupment . The Participant, by accepting the Award, hereby acknowledges and agrees that the Participant will be subject to any policy adopted by the Company that provides for the repayment or forfeiture of incentive compensation (including but not limited to Awards and amounts payable thereunder), including, without limitation, as a result of a detrimental activity or a required accounting restatement. 
 Signature page follows 
 6 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this RSU Award Agreement as of the date set forth above. 
 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 
 The undersigned hereby accepts and agrees to all of the terms and provisions of this RSU Award Agreement. 
 PARTICIPANT 
 
 By 
 Name 

Signature Page to RSU Award Agreement 2019 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan 

</EX-10.14>

<EX-10.15>
 5
 exhibit1015aamq422.htm
 EX-10.15

Document 
 Exhibit 10.15 

 NOTICE OF RESTRICTED SHARE UNIT AWARD 
 UNDER THE APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 2019 OMNIBUS EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 Apollo Global Management, Inc. (the Company ), pursuant to the Apollo Global Management, Inc. 2019 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (as amended from time to time, the Plan ), hereby grants to the individual listed below the number of Restricted Share Units (the RSUs set forth below. The RSUs are subject to the terms and conditions as set forth in this Notice of Restricted Share Unit Award (the Notice ), the attached Award Agreement (the Award Agreement and the Plan. 
 Participant Award Type Conversion Price Number of RSUs Granted Date of Grant Vesting Schedule Subject to the terms and conditions referenced in the Award Agreement, the RSUs will vest on the following schedule (each date, a Vesting Date 

APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 By 
 Name 
 Title Vice President 

RESTRICTED SHARE UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT UNDER THE APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 2019 OMNIBUS EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 In accordance with the attached Notice delivered to the Participant, the Company and the Participant agree that the terms and conditions contained in the Notice, this Award Agreement (this Agreement and the Plan shall apply to the grant of RSUs set forth in the Notice. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Notice and otherwise in the Plan. 
 1. Vesting . 
 (a) Generally. Except as otherwise provided in Section1(b), the RSUs shall vest in accordance with the vesting schedule set forth in the Notice, provided that the Participant remains in continuous employment with or provides services to the Company or its Affiliates (collectively, the Company Group through each applicable Vesting Date. Fractional RSUs shall not be deemed vested until they accumulate to equal one (1) whole Share. 
 (b) Special Vesting on Death or Disability . Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Participant s employment or service is terminated either (i) due to the Participant s death or (ii) by the Company Group by reason of Disability, then the Participant shall vest in 100 of the then unvested RSUs that remain subject to this Agreement upon such termination, subject to the Participant s (or the Participant s estate or personal representative, if applicable) execution and delivery to the Company of an irrevocable general release of claims in a form satisfactory to the Company within 60 days following the termination date (or such shorter period as may be specified by the Company in accordance with applicable law). For purposes of this Agreement, the Participant shall be deemed to be in continuous employment or service until such time as the Participant dies or otherwise experiences a separation from service (as such term is defined in Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(h)(1)). 
 2. Settlement Delivery of Shares . The Company shall issue and deliver to the Participant one (1) Share (either by delivering one or more certificates for such Shares or by entering such shares in book-entry form, as determined by the Company in its discretion), as settlement of each vested RSU (such Shares, the RSU Shares ). Such RSU Shares shall be delivered as soon as administratively practicable following the vesting of any RSU in accordance with Section 1, but in no event shall such RSU Shares be delivered later than the 15th day of the third month following the last day of either the Participant s or the Company s fiscal year in which the RSU vests, whichever is later. Upon delivery, all such RSU Shares shall be fully assignable, alienable, saleable and transferrable by the Participant provided that any such assignment, alienation, sale or transfer with respect to such RSU Shares shall comply with applicable securities laws and applicable Company policy as described in Section 4. 
 3. Restrictions on RSUs . The RSUs may not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged, hypothecated or otherwise disposed of or encumbered, other than with respect to transfers (a) to the Company, (b) by will or pursuant to the laws of descent and distribution, or (c), if approved by the Administrator in its sole discretion, in accordance with the requirements of Instruction A.1.(a)(5) of Form S-8 under the Securities Act or other applicable law. 
 4. Disposition of Shares . Subject to applicable law, the Participant may dispose of the RSU Shares issued under this Agreement during any window period in which sales by Company personnel are permitted, and in accordance with the Company s insider trading policy. All dispositions of RSU 

Shares are subject to compliance with the Company s Share Ownership Policy as in effect from time to time and any other applicable Company policies. 
 5. Forfeiture . Upon the termination of the Participant s employment or service with the Company Group for any reason (a Termination ), other than by reason of the Participant s death or Disability, all then unvested RSUs subject to this Agreement shall be immediately forfeited, terminated and canceled without payment of any consideration by any member of the Company Group, and neither the Participant nor any of its successors, heirs, assigns, or personal representatives shall thereafter have any further rights or interests in such RSUs. Except as otherwise expressly set forth herein in Section 1, employment or service for only a portion of a vesting period, even if a substantial portion, will not entitle the Participant to any proportionate vesting or avoid or mitigate a termination of rights and benefits upon a Termination. 
 6. Shareholder Rights Dividend Equivalents . The Participant shall have no rights of a shareholder (including voting rights and the right to dividends or distributions) and will not be treated as an owner of Shares for tax or other purposes, except with respect to RSU Shares that have already been delivered. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event ordinary cash dividends are paid in respect of the Company s Shares, then a dividend equivalent of equal value shall accrue and be paid to the Participant with respect to each RSU (whether or not vested) no later than 30 days after such ordinary cash dividend is paid to the holders of Shares. Rights to dividend equivalents on each RSU shall terminate upon the issuance of the underlying RSU Share following vesting, or if earlier, upon the forfeiture of the RSU in connection with the Participant s Termination. Under no circumstances shall the Participant be entitled to receive (a) both a dividend and a dividend equivalent with respect to an RSU (or its associated RSU Share) or (b) any dividend or dividend equivalent with respect to a forfeited or fractional RSU. 
 7. Agreement Subject to Plan . This Agreement is subject to all of the terms, conditions and provisions of the Plan, which are incorporated herein by reference. Without limiting the generality of the immediately preceding sentence, this Agreement specifically incorporates the following sections of the Plan Section 14(i) (Electronic Delivery), and Section 17 (Section 409A). In the event of any conflict between any provision of this Agreement and the Plan, the Plan shall govern. 
 8. No Rights to Continuation of Employment or Service . Nothing in the Plan or this Agreement shall confer upon the Participant any right to continued employment or service with the Company Group or interfere with, or restrict, the right of any member of the Company Group (or its shareholders, as the case may be) to terminate the Participant s employment or service at any time for any reason whatsoever, with or without Cause. The Plan and this Agreement shall not (a) form any part of any contract of employment or contract for services between any current or former member of the Company Group and any directors, officers or employees thereof, (b) confer any legal or equitable rights (other than those constituting the Awards themselves) against any current or former member of the Company Group, directly or indirectly, or (c) give rise to any cause of action in law or in equity against any current or former member of the Company Group. 
 9. Restrictive Covenants . The restrictive covenants set forth in the Participant s covenants agreement or any other applicable written arrangement with any member of the Company Group, are incorporated herein. Nothing contained herein shall reduce or limit the application or scope of any restrictive covenants in favor of the Company Group (for example, with respect to competition, solicitation, confidentiality, intellectual property, subsequent engagement, interference or disparagement) to which the Participant is otherwise subject (the Restrictive Covenants ). The Company would not have granted this Award if the Participant had not agreed to be bound by such restrictive covenants, as the same may be amended from time to time. In the event the Participant materially breaches any such Restrictive 
 A-2 

Covenants, the Participant shall immediately forfeit any rights to the remaining unvested RSUs, if any, or undelivered RSU Shares without payment of any consideration. As further described in Section 21 below, the Company shall also have a right to recoup payment in respect of previously delivered RSU Shares, in addition to any other remedy to which the Company may be entitled as a result of such breach. Nothing in this Agreement or any other agreement or arrangement of the Company Group to which the Participant is subject will (a) prohibit the Participant from making reports of possible violations of U.S. federal law or regulation to any governmental agency or entity in accordance with Section 21F of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, Section 806 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or any other whistleblower protection provisions of U.S. federal law or regulation or other similar law, regulation or rule, or (b) require notification or prior approval by the Company Group of any such reporting. 
 10. Tax Withholding . The Participant is responsible for all federal, state, local and other taxes and any tax-related penalties the Participant incurs in connection with the Award. The Company Group shall be entitled to require a cash payment by or on behalf of the Participant and or to deduct, from other compensation payable to the Participant, any sums required by applicable law to be withheld or accounted for by the Company Group with respect to any RSU. The Company in its discretion may alternatively reduce the number of shares to be issued by the appropriate number of whole Shares, valued at their then Fair Market Value, or require any other available method to satisfy any withholding or tax obligations of the Company Group with respect to the RSUs at the applicable rates. 
 11. Governing Law Arbitration Waiver of Jury Trial . 
 (a) This Agreement shall be governed by, interpreted under and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware (without regard to any conflicts of laws principles thereof that would give effect to the laws of another jurisdiction). 
 (b) Any dispute, controversy, suit, action or proceeding Proceeding arising out of or relating to this Award or any other Award, other than the injunctive relief described in Section 11(c), will, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Plan, be settled exclusively by arbitration, conducted before a single arbitrator in New York County, New York (applying Delaware law) in accordance with, and pursuant to, the Employment Arbitration Rules and Procedures of JAMS JAMS ). The decision of the arbitrator will be final and binding upon the parties hereto. Any arbitral award may be entered as a judgment or order in any court of competent jurisdiction. The Company and the Participant will share the JAMS administrative fees, the arbitrator s fee and expenses. Each party shall be responsible for such party s attorneys fees. 
 (c) Either party may commence litigation in court to obtain injunctive relief in aid of arbitration, to compel arbitration, or to confirm or vacate an award, to the extent authorized by the U.S. Federal Arbitration Act or the New York Arbitration Act. The arbitrator may grant interim injunctive relief and the Company or its successors or assigns may commence litigation in court to obtain injunctive relief or an order requiring specific performance to enforce, or prevent any violations of, the Restrictive Covenants. 
 (d) IF THIS AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE IS HELD INVALID OR UNENFORCEABLE THEN, TO THE EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW THAT CANNOT BE WAIVED, THE PARTICIPANT AND THE COMPANY WAIVE AND COVENANT THAT THE PARTICIPANT AND THE COMPANY WILL NOT ASSERT (WHETHER AS PLAINTIFF, DEFENDANT OR OTHERWISE) ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION ARISING IN WHOLE OR IN PART UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH AN AWARD UNDER THE PLAN OR ANY MATTERS CONTEMPLATED 
 A-3 

THEREBY, WHETHER NOW OR HEREAFTER ARISING, AND WHETHER SOUNDING IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, AND AGREE THAT THE COMPANY GROUP OR THE PARTICIPANT MAY FILE A COPY OF THIS PARAGRAPH WITH ANY COURT AS WRITTEN EVIDENCE OF THE KNOWING, VOLUNTARY AND BARGAINED-FOR AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE COMPANY GROUP AND THE PARTICIPANT IRREVOCABLY TO WAIVE THE RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY PROCEEDING WHATSOEVER BETWEEN SUCH PARTIES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO AN AWARD UNDER THE PLAN AND THAT ANY PROCEEDING PROPERLY HEARD BY A COURT UNDER AN AWARD AGREEMENT UNDER THE PLAN WILL INSTEAD BE TRIED IN A COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION BY A JUDGE SITTING WITHOUT A JURY . 
 12. Agreement Binding on Successors . The terms of this Agreement shall be binding upon the Participant and their heirs, executors, administrators, personal representatives, transferees, assignees and successors in interest and upon the Company Group and its successors and assignees, subject to the terms of the Plan. 
 13. No Assignment . Subject to Section 3 , neither this Agreement nor any rights granted herein shall be assignable by the Participant other than (with respect to any rights that survive the Participant s death) by will or the laws of descent and distribution. No purported sale, assignment, mortgage, hypothecation, transfer, pledge, encumbrance, gift, transfer in trust (voting or other) or other disposition of, or creation of a security interest in or lien on, any RSUs or RSU Shares by any holder thereof in violation of the provisions of this Agreement or the Plan will be valid, and the Company will not transfer any of said RSUs or RSU Shares on its books nor will any RSU Shares be entitled to vote, nor will any distributions be paid thereon, unless and until there has been full compliance with said provisions to the satisfaction of the Company. The foregoing restrictions are in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other remedies, legal or equitable, available to enforce said provisions. 
 14. Limitation on the Participant s Rights . The Participant has no legal or equitable rights, interests or claims in any property of the Company due to the Plan, the Notice, this Agreement or the grant of RSUs contained herein. The Participant shall have only the rights of a general unsecured creditor of the Company with respect to amounts credited and benefits payable, if any, with respect to the RSUs, and rights no greater than the right to receive the RSU Shares as a general unsecured creditor with respect to RSUs, as and when payable hereunder. 
 15. Severability . Should any provision of this Agreement be held by an arbitrator or court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable, or enforceable only if modified, such holding shall not affect the validity of the remainder of this Agreement, the balance of which shall continue to be binding upon the parties hereto with such modification (if any) to become a part hereof and treated as though contained in this original Agreement. Moreover, if one or more of the provisions contained in this Agreement shall for any reason be held to be excessively broad as to scope, activity, subject or otherwise so as to be unenforceable, then in lieu of severing any such provisions, they shall be construed by the appropriate judicial body or arbitral tribunal by limiting or reducing them, so as to be enforceable to the maximum extent compatible with the applicable law as it shall then appear, and such determination by a judicial body or arbitral tribunal shall not affect the enforceability of any such provisions in any other jurisdiction. 
 16. Failure to Enforce Not a Waiver . The failure of the Company to enforce at any time any provision of this Agreement shall in no way be construed to be a waiver of that provision or of any other provision hereof. 
 A-4 

17. Entire Agreement . The Notice, this Agreement and the Plan contain the entire agreement and understanding among the parties as to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior writings and understandings with respect to the grant of RSUs covered by this Agreement and these RSUs are granted in full settlement of the Participant s rights to receive RSUs in respect of the particular Award Type referenced in the Notice. The Participant acknowledges that any summary of the Plan or this Agreement provided by the Company is subject in its entirety to the terms of the Plan and this Agreement. References to this Agreement in the Plan or otherwise include references to Exhibit A. 
 18. Headings . Headings are used solely for the convenience of the parties and shall not be deemed to be a limitation upon or description of the contents of any Section. 
 19. Amendment . Except as otherwise provided in the Plan, no amendment or modification hereof shall be valid unless it shall be in writing and signed by all parties hereto. 
 20. Acknowledgements and Representations . By acceptance of this Award, the Participant is deemed to have agreed to the acknowledgements and representations in this Section 20 and otherwise in this Agreement. The Participant is acquiring the RSUs and, if and when the RSUs vest, will acquire the RSU Shares covered thereby solely for the Participant s own account, for investment purposes only, and not with a view to or an intent to sell or distribute, or to offer for resale in connection with any unregistered distribution, all or any portion of the RSUs or RSU Shares within the meaning of the Securities Act and or any applicable state securities laws. The Participant has had an opportunity to ask questions and receive answers from the Company regarding the terms and conditions of this Award and the restrictions imposed on the RSUs and the RSU Shares. The Participant has been furnished with, and or has access to, such information as he or she considers necessary or appropriate for deciding whether to accept this Award. However, in evaluating the merits and risks of an investment in the Company, the Participant has and will rely upon the advice of his her own legal counsel, tax advisors, and or investment advisors. The Participant is aware that the RSU Shares may be of no practical value. The Participant has read and understands the restrictions and limitations set forth in the Plan and this Agreement, which are imposed on the RSUs and the RSU Shares. The Participant is responsible for all taxes and any tax-related penalties the Participant incurs or is liable for in connection with this Award, including but not limited to any withholding taxes, employment or payroll taxes and social security. The Participant confirms that the Participant has not relied on any warranty, representation, assurance or promise of any kind whatsoever in entering into this Agreement other than as expressly set out in this Agreement or in the Plan. 
 21. Recoupment . By accepting this Award, the Participant is deemed to acknowledge and agree that the Participant will be subject to any policy adopted by the Company that provides for the repayment or forfeiture of incentive compensation, including, without limitation, the Apollo Corporate Recoupment Policy, as may be amended from time to time, and this Award shall be subject to recoupment or forfeiture per any such policy, in accordance therewith, or as otherwise required by law or applicable regulatory rules or guidance. 
 22. Regional and Country-Specific Provisions . The regional and country specific terms and conditions set forth on Exhibit A shall apply to this Award solely to the extent applicable to the Participant based on the Participant s residency, location of service or region in which they are otherwise a taxpayer, as applicable. Without limiting the Administrator s powers under the Plan, to the extent the Participant relocates their residency and or employment or service to another country, the additional terms and conditions set forth in this Section for such region or country (if any, and as such terms may be modified or supplemented from time to time) shall apply to the extent the Company determines, in its sole discretion, that the application of such section is necessary or advisable. 
 A-5 

23. Deemed Acceptance . This Award shall be effective as of the Date of Grant and shall not require the Participant s countersignature. The Participant shall be deemed to accept this Award, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Notice, this Agreement and the Plan unless the Participant provides to the Company written notification to the attention of its Global Head of Human Capital, of the Participant s rejection of this Award not later than 30 days after the Date of Grant (in which case this Award will be forfeited and the Participant shall have no further right or interest therein as of such date). 

A-6 

</EX-10.15>

<EX-10.16>
 6
 exhibit1016aamq422.htm
 EX-10.16

Document 
 Exhibit 10.16 

 NOTICE OF PERFORMANCE-BASED RESTRICTED SHARE UNIT AWARD 
 UNDER THE APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 2019 OMNIBUS EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 Apollo Global Management, Inc. (the Company ), pursuant to the Apollo Global Management, Inc. 2019 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (as amended from time to time, the Plan ), hereby grants to the individual listed below the number of Performance-Based Restricted Share Units (the RSUs set forth below. The RSUs are subject to the terms and conditions as set forth in this Notice of Restricted Share Unit Award (the Notice ), the attached Award Agreement (the Award Agreement and the Plan. 
 Participant Award Type Conversion Price Number of RSUs Granted Date of Grant Vesting Schedule Subject to the terms and conditions referenced in the Award Agreement, including satisfaction of the performance condition described therein, the RSUs will vest on the following schedule (each date, a Vesting Date 

APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 By 
 Name 
 Title Vice President 

PERFORMANCE-BASED RESTRICTED SHARE UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT UNDER THE APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 2019 OMNIBUS EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 In accordance with the attached Notice delivered to the Participant, the Company and the Participant agree that the terms and conditions contained in the Notice, this Award Agreement (this Agreement and the Plan shall apply to the grant of RSUs set forth in the Notice. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Notice and otherwise in the Plan. 
 1. Vesting . 
 (a) Generally. Except as otherwise provided in Section 1(b), the RSUs shall vest in accordance with the vesting schedule set forth in the Notice (the Time Test ), provided that (i) the Cash Income Test (as defined below) is satisfied with respect to each applicable Vesting Date, and (ii) the Participant remains in continuous employment with or provides services to the Company or its Affiliates (collectively, the Company Group through each applicable Vesting Date. Fractional RSUs shall not be deemed vested until they accumulate to equal one (1) whole Share. 
 For purposes of this Agreement, satisfaction of the Cash Income Test will occur if the available net cash incentive income to the Company, for the one-year period ended one day before each Vesting Date, equals or exceeds the life-to-date accounting expense attributable to all then outstanding RSU Awards, whether held by the Participant or any other Person, and for which vesting requires satisfaction of a net cash incentive income performance condition (all such RSU Awards, Company RSU Awards ). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Cash Income Test is not satisfied in full on any applicable Vesting Date, the Company, in its sole discretion, may elect that the RSUs otherwise eligible to vest on that Vesting Date shall vest pro rata to the extent that the Cash Income Test is satisfied. Any RSUs that do not satisfy the Cash Income Test on any Vesting Date shall instead vest on the first day of the next calendar quarter that the Cash Income Test is satisfied in full (after applying such test as of that date). 
 For purposes of applying the Cash Income Test, available net cash incentive income shall mean cash incentive income remaining after reduction for certain allocable expenses and life-to-date accounting expense shall mean the life-to-date accounting cost attributable to all Company RSU Awards then outstanding that have not yet fully vested. If available net cash incentive income to the Company is insufficient to cause all RSUs outstanding under the Plan that have satisfied the Time Test to satisfy the Cash Income Test as of any given potential vesting date, the available net cash incentive income to the Company may, in the discretion of the Administrator, be allocated among the unvested RSUs outstanding under the Plan that are subject to, but have not yet satisfied, the Cash Income Test. 
 (b) Special Vesting on Death or Disability . Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Participant s employment or service is terminated either (i) due to the Participant s death or (ii) by the Company Group by reason of Disability, then the Participant shall vest in 100 of the then unvested RSUs that remain subject to this Agreement upon such termination, subject to (1) the attainment of the Cash Income Test within the succeeding 12 calendar quarters and (2) the Participant s (or the Participant s estate or personal representative, if applicable) execution and delivery to the Company of an irrevocable general release of claims in a form satisfactory to the Company within 60 days following the termination date (or such shorter period as may be specified by the Company in accordance with applicable law). For purposes of this Agreement, the Participant shall be deemed to be in continuous employment or service until such time as the Participant dies or otherwise experiences a separation from service (as such term is defined in Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(h)(1)). 

A-1 

2. Settlement Delivery of Shares . The Company shall issue and deliver to the Participant one (1) Share (either by delivering one or more certificates for such Shares or by entering such shares in book-entry form, as determined by the Company in its discretion), as settlement of each vested RSU (such Shares, the RSU Shares ). Such RSU Shares shall be delivered as soon as administratively practicable following the vesting of any RSU in accordance with Section 1, but in no event shall such RSU Shares be delivered later than the 15th day of the third month following the last day of either the Participant s or the Company s fiscal year in which the RSU vests, whichever is later. Upon delivery, all such RSU Shares shall be fully assignable, alienable, saleable and transferrable by the Participant provided that any such assignment, alienation, sale or transfer with respect to such RSU Shares shall comply with applicable securities laws and applicable Company policy as described in Section 4. 
 3. Restrictions on RSUs . The RSUs may not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged, hypothecated or otherwise disposed of or encumbered, other than with respect to transfers (a) to the Company, (b) by will or pursuant to the laws of descent and distribution, or (c), if approved by the Administrator in its sole discretion, in accordance with the requirements of Instruction A.1.(a)(5) of Form S-8 under the Securities Act or other applicable law. 
 4. Disposition of Shares . Subject to applicable law, the Participant may dispose of the RSU Shares issued under this Agreement during any window period in which sales by Company personnel are permitted, and in accordance with the Company s insider trading policy. All dispositions of RSU Shares are subject to compliance with the Company s Share Ownership Policy as in effect from time to time and any other applicable Company policies. 
 5. Forfeiture . Upon the termination of the Participant s employment or service with the Company Group for any reason (a Termination ), other than by reason of the Participant s death or Disability, all then unvested RSUs subject to this Agreement shall be immediately forfeited, terminated and canceled without payment of any consideration by any member of the Company Group, and neither the Participant nor any of its successors, heirs, assigns, or personal representatives shall thereafter have any further rights or interests in such RSUs. Except as otherwise expressly set forth herein in Section 1, employment or service for only a portion of a vesting period, even if a substantial portion, will not entitle the Participant to any proportionate vesting or avoid or mitigate a termination of rights and benefits upon a Termination. 
 6. Shareholder Rights Dividend Equivalents . The Participant shall have no rights of a shareholder (including voting rights and the right to dividends or distributions) and will not be treated as an owner of Shares for tax or other purposes, except with respect to RSU Shares that have already been delivered. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event ordinary cash dividends are paid in respect of the Company s Shares, then a dividend equivalent of equal value shall accrue and be paid to the Participant with respect to each RSU (whether or not vested) no later than 30 days after such ordinary cash dividend is paid to the holders of Shares. Rights to dividend equivalents on each RSU shall terminate upon the issuance of the underlying RSU Share following vesting, or if earlier, upon the forfeiture of the RSU in connection with the Participant s Termination. Under no circumstances shall the Participant be entitled to receive (a) both a dividend and a dividend equivalent with respect to an RSU (or its associated RSU Share) or (b) any dividend or dividend equivalent with respect to a forfeited or fractional RSU. 
 7. Agreement Subject to Plan . This Agreement is subject to all of the terms, conditions and provisions of the Plan, which are incorporated herein by reference. Without limiting the generality of the immediately preceding sentence, this Agreement specifically incorporates the following sections of the 
 A-2 

Plan Section 14(i) (Electronic Delivery), and Section 17 (Section 409A). In the event of any conflict between any provision of this Agreement and the Plan, the Plan shall govern. 
 8. No Rights to Continuation of Employment or Service . Nothing in the Plan or this Agreement shall confer upon the Participant any right to continued employment or service with the Company Group or interfere with, or restrict, the right of any member of the Company Group (or its shareholders, as the case may be) to terminate the Participant s employment or service at any time for any reason whatsoever, with or without Cause. The Plan and this Agreement shall not (a) form any part of any contract of employment or contract for services between any current or former member of the Company Group and any directors, officers or employees thereof, (b) confer any legal or equitable rights (other than those constituting the Awards themselves) against any current or former member of the Company Group, directly or indirectly, or (c) give rise to any cause of action in law or in equity against any current or former member of the Company Group. 
 9. Restrictive Covenants . The restrictive covenants set forth in the Participant s covenants agreement or any other applicable written arrangement with any member of the Company Group, are incorporated herein. Nothing contained herein shall reduce or limit the application or scope of any restrictive covenants in favor of the Company Group (for example, with respect to competition, solicitation, confidentiality, intellectual property, subsequent engagement, interference or disparagement) to which the Participant is otherwise subject (the Restrictive Covenants ). The Company would not have granted this Award if the Participant had not agreed to be bound by such restrictive covenants, as the same may be amended from time to time. In the event the Participant materially breaches any such Restrictive Covenants, the Participant shall immediately forfeit any rights to the remaining unvested RSUs, if any, or undelivered RSU Shares without payment of any consideration. As further described in Section 21 below, the Company shall also have a right to recoup payment in respect of previously delivered RSU Shares, in addition to any other remedy to which the Company may be entitled as a result of such breach. Nothing in this Agreement or any other agreement or arrangement of the Company Group to which the Participant is subject will (a) prohibit the Participant from making reports of possible violations of U.S. federal law or regulation to any governmental agency or entity in accordance with Section 21F of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, Section 806 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or any other whistleblower protection provisions of U.S. federal law or regulation or other similar law, regulation or rule, or (b) require notification or prior approval by the Company Group of any such reporting. 
 10. Tax Withholding . The Participant is responsible for all federal, state, local and other taxes and any tax-related penalties the Participant incurs in connection with the Award. The Company Group shall be entitled to require a cash payment by or on behalf of the Participant and or to deduct, from other compensation payable to the Participant, any sums required by applicable law to be withheld or accounted for by the Company Group with respect to any RSU. The Company in its discretion may alternatively reduce the number of shares to be issued by the appropriate number of whole Shares, valued at their then Fair Market Value, or require any other available method to satisfy any withholding or tax obligations of the Company Group with respect to the RSUs at the applicable rates. 
 11. Governing Law Arbitration Waiver of Jury Trial . 
 (a) This Agreement shall be governed by, interpreted under and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware (without regard to any conflicts of laws principles thereof that would give effect to the laws of another jurisdiction). 

A-3 

(b) Any dispute, controversy, suit, action or proceeding Proceeding arising out of or relating to this Award or any other Award, other than the injunctive relief described in Section 11(c), will, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Plan, be settled exclusively by arbitration, conducted before a single arbitrator in New York County, New York (applying Delaware law) in accordance with, and pursuant to, the Employment Arbitration Rules and Procedures of JAMS JAMS ). The decision of the arbitrator will be final and binding upon the parties hereto. Any arbitral award may be entered as a judgment or order in any court of competent jurisdiction. The Company and the Participant will share the JAMS administrative fees, the arbitrator s fee and expenses. Each party shall be responsible for such party s attorneys fees. 
 (c) Either party may commence litigation in court to obtain injunctive relief in aid of arbitration, to compel arbitration, or to confirm or vacate an award, to the extent authorized by the U.S. Federal Arbitration Act or the New York Arbitration Act. The arbitrator may grant interim injunctive relief and the Company or its successors or assigns may commence litigation in court to obtain injunctive relief or an order requiring specific performance to enforce, or prevent any violations of, the Restrictive Covenants. 
 (d) IF THIS AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE IS HELD INVALID OR UNENFORCEABLE THEN, TO THE EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW THAT CANNOT BE WAIVED, THE PARTICIPANT AND THE COMPANY WAIVE AND COVENANT THAT THE PARTICIPANT AND THE COMPANY WILL NOT ASSERT (WHETHER AS PLAINTIFF, DEFENDANT OR OTHERWISE) ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION ARISING IN WHOLE OR IN PART UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH AN AWARD UNDER THE PLAN OR ANY MATTERS CONTEMPLATED THEREBY, WHETHER NOW OR HEREAFTER ARISING, AND WHETHER SOUNDING IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, AND AGREE THAT THE COMPANY GROUP OR THE PARTICIPANT MAY FILE A COPY OF THIS PARAGRAPH WITH ANY COURT AS WRITTEN EVIDENCE OF THE KNOWING, VOLUNTARY AND BARGAINED-FOR AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE COMPANY GROUP AND THE PARTICIPANT IRREVOCABLY TO WAIVE THE RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY PROCEEDING WHATSOEVER BETWEEN SUCH PARTIES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO AN AWARD UNDER THE PLAN AND THAT ANY PROCEEDING PROPERLY HEARD BY A COURT UNDER AN AWARD AGREEMENT UNDER THE PLAN WILL INSTEAD BE TRIED IN A COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION BY A JUDGE SITTING WITHOUT A JURY . 
 12. Agreement Binding on Successors . The terms of this Agreement shall be binding upon the Participant and their heirs, executors, administrators, personal representatives, transferees, assignees and successors in interest and upon the Company Group and its successors and assignees, subject to the terms of the Plan. 
 13. No Assignment . Subject to Section 3, neither this Agreement nor any rights granted herein shall be assignable by the Participant other than (with respect to any rights that survive the Participant s death) by will or the laws of descent and distribution. No purported sale, assignment, mortgage, hypothecation, transfer, pledge, encumbrance, gift, transfer in trust (voting or other) or other disposition of, or creation of a security interest in or lien on, any RSUs or RSU Shares by any holder thereof in violation of the provisions of this Agreement or the Plan will be valid, and the Company will not transfer any of said RSUs or RSU Shares on its books nor will any RSU Shares be entitled to vote, nor will any distributions be paid thereon, unless and until there has been full compliance with said provisions to the satisfaction of the Company. The foregoing restrictions are in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other remedies, legal or equitable, available to enforce said provisions. 

A-4 

14. Limitation on the Participant s Rights . The Participant has no legal or equitable rights, interests or claims in any property of the Company due to the Plan, the Notice, this Agreement or the grant of RSUs contained herein. The Participant shall have only the rights of a general unsecured creditor of the Company with respect to amounts credited and benefits payable, if any, with respect to the RSUs, and rights no greater than the right to receive the RSU Shares as a general unsecured creditor with respect to RSUs, as and when payable hereunder. 
 15. Severability . Should any provision of this Agreement be held by an arbitrator or court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable, or enforceable only if modified, such holding shall not affect the validity of the remainder of this Agreement, the balance of which shall continue to be binding upon the parties hereto with such modification (if any) to become a part hereof and treated as though contained in this original Agreement. Moreover, if one or more of the provisions contained in this Agreement shall for any reason be held to be excessively broad as to scope, activity, subject or otherwise so as to be unenforceable, then in lieu of severing any such provisions, they shall be construed by the appropriate judicial body or arbitral tribunal by limiting or reducing them, so as to be enforceable to the maximum extent compatible with the applicable law as it shall then appear, and such determination by a judicial body or arbitral tribunal shall not affect the enforceability of any such provisions in any other jurisdiction. 
 16. Failure to Enforce Not a Waiver . The failure of the Company to enforce at any time any provision of this Agreement shall in no way be construed to be a waiver of that provision or of any other provision hereof. 
 17. Entire Agreement . The Notice, this Agreement and the Plan contain the entire agreement and understanding among the parties as to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior writings and understandings with respect to the grant of RSUs covered by this Agreement, and these RSUs are granted in full settlement of the Participant s rights to receive RSUs in respect of the particular Award Type referenced in the Notice. The Participant acknowledges that any summary of the Plan or this Agreement provided by the Company is subject in its entirety to the terms of the Plan and this Agreement. References to this Agreement in the Plan or otherwise include references to Exhibit A. 
 18. Headings . Headings are used solely for the convenience of the parties and shall not be deemed to be a limitation upon or description of the contents of any Section. 
 19. Amendment . Except as otherwise provided in the Plan, no amendment or modification hereof shall be valid unless it shall be in writing and signed by all parties hereto. 
 20. Acknowledgements and Representations . By acceptance of this Award, the Participant is deemed to have agreed to the acknowledgements and representations in this Section 20 and otherwise in this Agreement. The Participant is acquiring the RSUs and, if and when the RSUs vest, will acquire the RSU Shares covered thereby solely for the Participant s own account, for investment purposes only, and not with a view to or an intent to sell or distribute, or to offer for resale in connection with any unregistered distribution, all or any portion of the RSUs or RSU Shares within the meaning of the Securities Act and or any applicable state securities laws. The Participant has had an opportunity to ask questions and receive answers from the Company regarding the terms and conditions of this Award and the restrictions imposed on the RSUs and the RSU Shares. The Participant has been furnished with, and or has access to, such information as he or she considers necessary or appropriate for deciding whether to accept this Award. However, in evaluating the merits and risks of an investment in the Company, the Participant has and will rely upon the advice of his her own legal counsel, tax advisors, and or investment advisors. The Participant is aware that the RSU Shares may be of no practical value. The Participant has read and understands the restrictions and limitations set forth in the Plan and this Agreement, which are imposed on the RSUs and the RSU Shares. The Participant is responsible for all taxes and any tax-related 
 A-5 

penalties the Participant incurs or is liable for in connection with this Award, including but not limited to any withholding taxes, employment or payroll taxes and social security. The Participant confirms that the Participant has not relied on any warranty, representation, assurance or promise of any kind whatsoever in entering into this Agreement other than as expressly set out in this Agreement or in the Plan. 
 21. Recoupment . By accepting this Award, the Participant is deemed to acknowledge and agree that the Participant will be subject to any policy adopted by the Company that provides for the repayment or forfeiture of incentive compensation, including, without limitation, the Apollo Corporate Recoupment Policy, as may be amended from time to time, and this Award shall be subject to recoupment or forfeiture per any such policy, in accordance therewith, or as otherwise required by law or applicable regulatory rules or guidance. 
 22. Regional and Country-Specific Provisions . The regional and country specific terms and conditions set forth on Exhibit A shall apply to this Award solely to the extent applicable to the Participant based on the Participant s residency, location of service or region in which they are otherwise a taxpayer, as applicable. Without limiting the Administrator s powers under the Plan, to the extent the Participant relocates their residency and or employment or service to another country, the additional terms and conditions set forth in this Section for such region or country (if any, and as such terms may be modified or supplemented from time to time) shall apply to the extent the Company determines, in its sole discretion, that the application of such section is necessary or advisable. 
 23. Deemed Acceptance . This Award shall be effective as of the Date of Grant and shall not require the Participant s countersignature. The Participant shall be deemed to accept this Award, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Notice, this Agreement and the Plan unless the Participant provides to the Company written notification to the attention of its Global Head of Human Capital, of the Participant s rejection of this Award not later than 30 days after the Date of Grant (in which case this Award will be forfeited and the Participant shall have no further right or interest therein as of such date). 

A-6 

</EX-10.16>

<EX-10.74>
 7
 exhibit1074aamq422.htm
 EX-10.74

Document 
 Exhibit 10.74 

 August 24, 2022 

Personal and Confidential 
 Byron Vielehr 
 Delivered Via email 

Dear Byron, 
 
 Congratulations on receiving your offer of employment with Apollo. We look forward to welcoming you as part of our talented and inventive team. This letter agreement confirms the terms of your employment at Apollo Management Holdings, L.P. (the Company ). 
 
 1. Position, Reporting, and Office Location. Your position, reporting and primary office location are set forth on the Executive Summary (the Executive Summary attached hereto. You may be expected to travel to fulfill your responsibilities. You agree that the conditions of your employment with the Company are governed by the terms set forth in this letter agreement and that any obligations contained herein will survive throughout your employment with the Company, unless expressly overridden in writing by the Company. 
 2. Start Date. Your employment with the Company shall begin on or around September 30, 2022 provided that you use your best efforts to start as soon as possible (the actual date your employment with the Company commences is the Start Date ). You represent that prior to the Start Date you will not take any actions on behalf of the Company or engage in any communications on behalf of the Company, including, without limitation, any communications with any prospective Company employees or other service providers. You further represent that you possess and will maintain all licenses and or certifications necessary for your position, as applicable. 
 3. Compensation and Benefits. As an employee of the Company, you will be eligible for the compensation and benefits set forth on the Executive Summary. For any year that your total earned compensation exceeds 250,000, a portion of any year-end discretionary bonus may be payable in equity-based awards of Apollo Global Management Inc. AGM ), subject to terms and conditions set forth in the associated award documentation. It is presently anticipated that the percentage of your total compensation for 2022 that will be paid in equity-based awards is as follows 
 
 15 of compensation from 0 to 500,000 
 25 of compensation from 500,001 to 1,000,000 
 35 of compensation from 1,000,001 to 2,000,000 
 40 of compensation from 2,000,001 to 3,000,000 and 
 50 of compensation in excess of 3,000,001. 
 All payments and benefits will be delivered in accordance with the Company s compensation and benefits policies as in effect at the time, subject to the terms of the applicable plans, award documents and other applicable Company policies. All amounts payable to you are subject to applicable taxes, deductions and withholdings. The Company does not guarantee the tax treatment of any payments or benefits under this letter agreement or otherwise. 
 4. Duties and Employment Conditions . You agree that you will (i) devote your full working time, attention and abilities to the duties assigned to you (ii) promote and protect the interests and reputation of the Company and its Affiliates (as defined in the AGM 2019 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan )) (iii) comply with all rules and policies of the Company as implemented and or amended from time to time in its sole discretion including but not limited to those set forth in the Company s U.S. Employee Handbook and Apollo s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics Code of Conduct and (iv) obey all lawful instructions and directions given to you by the Company or an Affiliate. You agree that during your employment with the Company you will not engage in any form of employment or engagement outside of your employment at the Company, including but not limited to, serving as a director or officer of another company or organization, or any activity that has the 
 1 

potential to detract from your ability to devote appropriate time and attention to your responsibilities to the Company, unless prior approval is received in accordance with the Code of Conduct and any other applicable employee policies. Your employment with the Company is subject to your having permission to work in the United States at all times. If your immigration status changes, you must notify the Company immediately. This offer is contingent on customary background and reference checks. 
 5. Covenants, Arbitration and Notice Requirements. Your employment with the Company is conditioned upon your compliance with the terms and conditions set forth in the Company s Covenants Agreement and Mutual Arbitration Agreement (the ECAA which contains your notice period, covenants, confidentiality, non-disparagement, and other obligations that will apply to you during and after your employment, and the dispute resolution procedures applicable to claims arising in connection with your employment. Your notice period and the post-employment restriction periods applicable to you are set forth in the Executive Summary, and for the avoidance of doubt, such periods extend beyond those described in the ECAA and shall supersede the periods set forth in the ECAA. For purposes of clarity, the Company retains the right to enforce the respective covenants in the ECAA with all applicable remedies, including injunctive relief, for violations during the applicable post-employment periods as described in the Executive Summary. The Company reserves the right to pay you, in lieu of any required notice period per the ECAA, the equivalent of your then current monthly base salary during the notice period upon a termination without Cause (as defined in the Plan). By execution of this Offer Letter, you acknowledge that you agree to comply with the terms and conditions set forth in the ECAA attached hereto, as amended hereby with respect to the duration of the post-employment restriction periods. 
 6. Employment in Good Standing Compliance. The Company is subject to and has various compliance procedures in place and your continued association with the Company and corresponding payment of your compensation will be subject to your continued employment with the Company in good standing, which will include, among other things, your adherence to applicable laws, Code of Conduct, the Political Contributions & Activities Policy, and any other Company policies, procedures, and compliance manuals, applicable to employees. Your employment with the Company is at will and nothing in this letter agreement shall be construed as establishing any right to continued employment with the Company. Apollo reserves its right to terminate your employment at any time for any reason. 
 7. Representations and Warranties. You acknowledge and agree that you have provided the Company with full candor during the interview process and will continue to provide such candor during the onboarding process. You further acknowledge and agree that you have provided the Company with any and all material information related to or arising out of your separation from your previous employer. If the Company discovers, whether prior to or during your employment with the Company, any material omission or misrepresentation by you related to or arising out of your interview, onboarding process, or separation from your previous employer, the Company reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to rescind this offer of employment or terminate your employment with the Company, as applicable, immediately. By signing this letter agreement, you acknowledge and agree that the Company did not inquire about your salary history at any time during the hiring process and that any information you may have provided about your salary history was offered voluntarily and without prompting. You confirm that you have not relied on any warranty, representation, assurance, or promise other than as are expressly set out in this letter agreement. You represent that you are not subject to any agreement with a current (or former) employer that would prohibit you from becoming employed by the Company or otherwise impede your ability to provide services to the Company, or if such an agreement exists, you will comply with the terms thereof including any post-employment restrictions. 
 8. Governing Law, Disputes and Forum . The parties agree and consent that this letter agreement shall be enforced under New York law in accordance with the dispute mechanisms and forum set forth in the ECAA. 
 9. Entire Agreement and Assignment of Agreement. This letter agreement (including the Executive Summary) together with the ECAA constitute the entire agreement between the parties in relation to its subject matter and supersedes any previous agreement or understanding between the parties relating thereto, including any term sheet (except that any pre-existing obligation to maintain confidentiality shall survive in accordance with its terms). If any provision of this letter agreement shall be deemed unenforceable, the enforceability of the remaining provisions shall in no way be affected. This letter agreement may not be modified or amended unless in writing signed by the undersigned parties. Except for 
 2 

an assignment by the Company of this letter agreement to an Affiliate, this letter agreement may not be assigned by the parties. 
 
 10. Counterparts. This letter agreement may be executed through the use of separate signature pages or in any number of counterparts. This letter agreement shall only become effective if fully executed by all parties on or before September 15, 2022. 

We are excited to extend you this offer of employment with the Company and hope you will accept. We look forward to welcoming you to our team of professionals. 
 
 Sincerely, 

s Matthew Breitfelder 
 
 Matthew Breitfelder 
 Partner, Global Head of Human Capital 

By signing below, I acknowledge that I have read and understood the terms and conditions contained in this Offer Letter and the Apollo Managements Holdings, L.P. Covenants Agreement and Mutual Arbitration Agreement and agree to be bound by such terms, in addition to all other employee policies, as in effect from time to time. 
 
 s Byron Vielehr 
 Date 8 28 22 
 Byron Vielehr 

Signature Page 
 3 

Executive Summary for Byron Vielehr 

Position, Reporting, & Office Location Partner, Chief Operating Officer, Apollo Asset Management, Inc. AAM 
 Reporting to Jim Zelter and Scott Kleinman 
 9 West 57 th Street, New York, NY 10019 
 Employer Entity Apollo Management Holdings, L.P. (the Company 
 Target Start Date September 30, 2022 Annual Compensation & Benefits A. Annual Base Salary 
 650,000 payable in accordance with the Company s payroll practices B. Annual Discretionary Bonus Program 
 2022 Guaranteed Amount 1,850,000 (not prorated) 
 
 Your bonus shall be payable at the same time as other similarly situated employees, provided that you are employed on the payment date and not under notice (given or received) 
 
 A portion of your 2022 bonus and any future annual discretionary bonus is subject to deferral in the form of AGM restricted stock units with a 3-year vest and dividend equivalents commencing at grant, in accordance with the Company s Annual Equity-Based Deferral Program 
 C. Partner Benefit Stipend 
 250,000 annually with first payment in March 2023 D. Supplemental Partner Plan 
 You will be considered for an award pursuant to the AGM Supplemental Partner Program in 2023, in an amount determined in the Company s sole discretion E. Employee Benefits 
 Eligible for all benefit plans and 20 days vacation, subject to Company policies One-Time Awards F. Make-Whole Award (CII RSU) 
 Up to 5,350,000 cash incentive income restricted stock units CII RSUs 3-year annual vest, subject to continued employment (and not being under notice given or received) and to attainment of sufficient net cash incentive income to AGM 
 
 The Make Whole Award (CII RSU) shall replace your equity-based deferred compensation that you will forfeit upon termination from your current employer and is subject to providing substantiating documentation 
 
 You will not be eligible for dividend equivalents on the Make Whole Award until shares are delivered following the applicable vesting dates 
 G. Welcome Grant I (CII RSU) 
 13,500,000 CII RSUs 3-year annual vest, subject to continued employment (and not being under notice given or received) and to attainment of sufficient net cash incentive income to AGM 
 
 You will be eligible for dividend equivalents on the Welcome Grant I at the time that ordinary cash dividends are declared on the underlying shares 

H. Welcome Grant II (CII RSU) 
 3,750,000 CII RSUs 3-year annual vest, subject to continued employment (and not being under notice given or received) and to attainment of sufficient net cash incentive income to AGM 
 
 You will be eligible for dividend equivalents on the Welcome Grant II at the time that ordinary cash dividends are declared on the underlying shares 
 Miscellaneous I. Corporate Approvals 
 Arrangement remains subject to approval by the AAM Board J. Policies 
 All payments, awards, and benefits will be issued in accordance with the Company s compensation and benefits policies as in effect at the time of issuance and shall be subject to any required corporate approvals and the customary terms of the applicable plans, funds, and award agreements as modified from time to time 
 
 The Make-Whole, Welcome Grant I and Welcome Grant II awards will be evidenced by award agreements substantially in the forms which have been provided to you. 
 
 Any shares issued to you by AGM shall be subject to retention in accordance with the applicable ownership requirements as in effect from time to time. Currently, the policy requires retention of 25 of net shares, and applies to both deferrals of any annual bonus and all other equity grants 
 K. Notice Period 
 3 months L. Non-Compete Period 
 9 months M. Non-Solicitation Periods 
 24 months for non-solicitation of restricted entities 
 24 months for non-solicitation of employees or agents 
 N. Other Covenants 
 Non-Disclosure Non-Disparagement Indefinite O. Indemnification 
 You will have rights to indemnification (and or to have expenses advanced) pursuant to any indemnification provision in any certificate of incorporation, by-laws, limited liability company agreement, limited partnership agreement and or insurance policies generally covering the directors and officers of the Company, in accordance with the terms thereof as in effect from time to time. Effective as of your Start Date, you will be extended coverage pursuant to an indemnification agreement with Apollo Asset Management, Inc., consistent with the form which has been provided to you. 

</EX-10.74>

<EX-10.75>
 8
 exhibit1075aamq422.htm
 EX-10.75

Document 
 Exhibit 10.75 

February 11, 2022 
 
 Personal and Confidential 
 Johannes Worsoe 

Dear Johs 
 
 Congratulations on receiving your offer of employment with Apollo. By joining Apollo, you are becoming part of a talented, inventive team. This letter agreement confirms the terms in connection with your employment at Apollo Management Holdings, L.P. (the Company''). 
 
 1. Position, Reporting, and Office Location. You will be employed by the Company as a Partner with the functional title of Asset Management CFO in the Finance group. Your employment with the Company is at-will. You will report to Martin Kelly, Chief Financial Officer, or his successor. You will report to the Company office located at 3 Bryant Park, NYC and you will be expected to travel as may be necessary to fulfill your responsibilities, and you agree that the Company may require that you report to another office as may be necessary to fulfill your responsibilities. Notwithstanding any other position, role or status you may occupy during your employment by the Company, including but not limited to any engagement you have as a limited partner with any Affiliate, as defined in the Additional Definitions, you agree that the conditions of your employment with the Company are governed by the terms set forth in this letter agreement and that any obligations contained herein will survive throughout your employment with the Company, unless expressly overridden in writing by an authorized representative of the Company. 
 
 2. Start Date and Assurances. Your employment with the Company shall begin on or around March 15, 2022, provided that you use your best efforts to start as soon as possible to the extent allowed by your current employer (the actual date your employment with the Company begins will be, for purposes of this letter agreement and other agreements with the Company, the Start Date ). You represent that (i) you are not a party to any agreement, including but not limited to any non-disclosure, non-competition, non-solicitation, or invention assignment agreement containing future work restrictions, that would prohibit you from entering into this letter agreement or employment with the Company or that would impact in any way your ability to perform the services contemplated by this letter agreement, or if you are subject to such an agreement, you have obtained a written waiver as to those provisions that would restrict you from entering into this letter agreement or employment with the Company (it being acknowledged that you have disclosed that you are subject to certain non-solicit restrictions with respect to your prior employer to which you remain subject post-employment and you will continue to comply with such restrictions) (ii) you have not disclosed nor do you intend to disclose to the Company any trade secret or proprietary information belonging to any of your previous employers (iii) you have not retained nor do you intend to retain any trade secret or proprietary information belonging to any of your previous employers, whether in the form of documents (electronic or otherwise), memoranda, software, etc. and 
 1 

(iv) you have not brought nor do you intend to bring with you any trade secret or proprietary information from any of your previous employers to the Company. You represent that prior to the Start Date you will not take any actions on behalf of the Company or engage in any discussions or communications on behalf of the Company, including, without limitation, any discussions or communications with any prospective Company employees or other service providers. You further represent to the Company that you possess all licenses and or certifications necessary for you to perform such services. If you have any questions concerning the obligations contained in this paragraph, you agree to raise such questions with a member of the Company's Human Capital Team, and you further agree to confirm the answers to such questions prior to accepting employment with the Company. 
 
 3. Duties. You agree that you will (i) devote your full working time, attention, and abilities to the duties assigned to you (ii) promote and protect the interests and reputation of the Company and its Affiliates 
 (iii) comply with all rules, policies, and regulations of the Company that the Company may implement and or amend from time to time in its sole discretion and (iv) obey all lawful instructions and directions given to you by the Company. In accordance with the Company's policies and procedures, including but not limited to the Apollo Code of Ethics, you agree that during your employment with the Company you will not engage in any Outside Business Activity, as defined in the Additional Definitions, unless prior approval is received in accordance with the Apollo Code of Ethics and any other applicable policies. 
 
 4. Annual Base Salary. You will be entitled to an annual base salary at the rate of 650,000 (the Base Salary ), which shall be paid in installments not less frequently than monthly. This is an exempt position therefore, no overtime will be granted. 
 
 5. Discretionary Bonus. For services performed in any given calendar year commencing with 2022, you may be eligible to receive an annual discretionary bonus (the Discretionary Bonus ), in an amount to be determined by the Company in its sole discretion, based on the performance of the Company, your department, and or your individual performance as determined by the Company in its sole discretion. For services performed in 2022, your Discretionary Bonus will not be prorated based on your partial year of employment. For services performed in 2022, your Discretionary Bonus shall have a target value of 
 1,850,000 Target Amount ). The Target Amount for the 2022 Discretionary Bonus is not guaranteed, and the actual 2022 Discretionary Bonus payable to you may be greater or less, as determined in the sole and absolute discretion of the Company. 
 
 6. CII Welcome Grant. Subject to approval by the committee that administers the Apollo Global Management AGM 2019 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan ), such approval not to be unreasonably withheld, you will be granted a cash incentive income restricted stock units CII RSUs Award having an aggregate value equal to 7,500,000 (the Welcome Grant ). The number of CII RSUs granted in respect of the Welcome Grant shall be based on a ten (10) day volume-weighted average price of a share of AGM common stock on the New York Stock Exchange (rounded down to the nearest whole share) determined by AGM and consistent with the period for other new hire awards issued in the same quarter generally. All CII RSUs subject to the Welcome Grant will be granted in accordance with the terms of the award agreement and the Plan . The Welcome Grant will be made in the calendar quarter that follows the calendar quarter that includes your Start Date (the Next Quarter ). ClI RSUs subject to this Welcome Grant will vest in substantially equal annual installments on January 1, 2023 and the next 
 2 

two anniversaries of such date thereafter, subject to your continued employment (and not being under notice, given or received) on each vesting date, the attainment of sufficient net cash incentive income to AGM, and the other terms of the award agreement and Plan. 
 
 7. Annual Benefits Stipend. Subject to your continued employment with the Company through the applicable year-end (and not being under notice given or received), you will be eligible for an annual partner benefits stipend in the amount of 250,000 (less applicable withholdings) (the Benefits Stipend in respect of such year. The first Benefits Stipend shall be payable in March 2023, and generally payable in March thereafter, subject to the Company's policy for the Benefits Stipend in effect at the time and provided that the Company reserves the right to modify or eliminate the Benefits Stipend at any time at its sole and absolute discretion. This Benefits Stipend is intended to provide you with additional compensation to help cover costs of enhanced benefits or services to support your well-being. There are no restrictions on how you choose to use this Benefits Stipend so you have maximum flexibility to tailor to your personal circumstances and support your well-being. Any Benefits Stipend payment does not accrue during the course of the calendar year. Any Benefits Stipend payments (if any) will not be part of your Base Salary for any purpose. Payment of a Benefits Stipend in relation to one calendar year does not give rise to any entitlement to receive a Benefits Stipend in future years or to receive a particular level of Benefits Stipend in future years. 
 
 8. Participation in Incentive Arrangements. You agree that your participation in, and rights under, any of the incentive arrangements described above, shall not entitle you to any further award under any incentive arrangement or right to participate in any similar plan, and shall in all events be subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable plan and award agreements. 
 
 9. Portion of Annual Compensation Deferred as Equity-Based Awards. For any year that your total earned compensation exceeds 250,000, a portion of your total compensation for services performed for such year may be deferred and payable in the form of equity-based awards of AGM or an Affiliate, subject to the then prevailing deferral rates, as determined by the Company in its sole discretion. Any such awards issued to you shall vest in accordance with the associated award documentation, which vesting shall be contingent on your continued service as an employee on each vesting date (and not being under notice, given or received). All amounts that vest shall be paid within the short-term deferral period provided under U.S. Treas. Reg. 1.409A-1(b)(4). The Company reserves the right to change the terms of this program from time to time in its sole and absolute discretion, taking into account any applicable tax regulations. It is presently anticipated that the percentage of your total compensation for 2022 that will be paid in the form of equity-based awards is as follows 
 
 a. 15 of compensation from 0 to 500,000 
 b. 25 of compensation from 500,001 to 1,000,000 
 c. 35 of compensation from 1,000,001 to 2,000,000 
 d. 40 of compensation from 2,000,001 to 3,000,000 and 
 e. 50 of compensation in excess of 3,000,001. 
 
 For the avoidance of doubt, your Base Salary will be included in calculating your total compensation and the applicable deferral percentage, but your Base Salary itself will not be subject to deferral and will be 
 
 3 

paid in cash. Your deferral will be calculated based on your prorated compensation for any partial year of service. 
 
 10. Benefit Plans. From the Start Date, you will be eligible to participate in the various group health, disability, and life insurance plans and other employee programs, including sick and vacation time, as generally are offered by the Company to similarly situated employees from time to time. Specifically, with respect to vacation, you will be entitled to twenty (20) days of vacation per year, subject to applicable Company policies. No more than five (5) days of accrued but unused vacation shall be carried forward past the end of any calendar year, except as may otherwise be required by applicable law . The Company reserves the right to modify or terminate any such employee program at any time . 
 
 11. Immigration. Your employment with the Company is subject to your having permission to work in the United States at all times during the period in which you are providing services hereunder. If a work permit is required and available, the Company may decide in its sole discretion to sponsor and cover the usual and customary costs of obtaining such a permit for you. In signing this letter agreement, you confirm that within three (3) business days of the Start Date you will provide a completed 1-9 Form, documents sufficient to establish your identity and employment authorization. In the event that your immigration status changes, you must notify the Company immediately. 
 
 12. Notice Entitlement. The Company may terminate your employment with the Company with or without Cause. The period of notice that the Company will give you if your termination from employment with the Company is without Cause, other than in the event of your death or Disability, as defined in the additional definitions, is ninety (90) days. The Company may terminate your employment with the Company for Cause without notice. You agree to give the Company ninety (90) days' notice should you decide to leave the Company for any reason. The Company reserves the right to require that you not be in the Company's offices, that you not undertake any or all of your duties, and that you not contact Company clients, colleagues, or advisors (unless otherwise instructed) during all or part of any period of notice of your termination of service. During any such period, you remain a service provider to the Company with all duties of fidelity and confidentiality to the Company and subject to all terms and conditions of your employment with the Company and should not be employed or engaged in any other business . In the event you decide to leave the Company for any reason, the Company reserves the right to shorten or eliminate your notice period and the corresponding amount of payment. 
 
 13. Payment in Lieu of Notice. The Company reserves the right to pay you, in lieu of any required notice period, the equivalent of your Base Salary on a termination without Cause. 
 
 14. Representations and Warranties. You acknowledge and agree that you have provided the Company with full candor during the interview process and will continue to provide such candor during the onboarding process. You further acknowledge and agree that you have provided the Company with any and all material information related to or arising out of your separation from your previous employer. In the event the Company discovers, whether prior to or during your employment with the Company, any material omission or misrepresentation by you related to or arising out of your interview, onboarding process, or separation from your previous employer, the Company reserves the right, in its sole discretion, 
 4 

to rescind this offer of employment or terminate your employment with the Company, as applicable, immediately. 
 
 15. Amounts Payable Under This Letter Agreement. All amounts payable under this letter agreement are subject to deduction for applicable Federal, state or local taxes and withholdings. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Company does not guarantee the tax treatment of any payments or benefits under this letter agreement, including without limitation under Federal, state, local or foreign tax laws and regulations. 
 
 16. Political Contributions. Except as otherwise disclosed to the Company in writing, in the past two (2) years, neither you nor your spouse has donated (i) to a state or local political campaign in any of the fifty 
 (50) states or Washington, DC, or (ii) to a candidate for any federal office if such candidate held any state or local political office at the time of the contribution . 
 
 17. Execution of Other Documents. Your employment with the Company is conditioned upon your execution of, and compliance with the terms and conditions set forth in the Company ' s customary form of Covenants Agreement and Mutual Arbitration Agreement (the ECAA which contains covenants and other obligations that will apply to you during and after your employment, and dispute resolution procedures applicable to claims arising in connection with your employment. 
 
 18. Severability. In case any provision of this letter agreement shall be invalid, illegal or otherwise unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall in no way be affected or impaired thereby. 
 
 19. Employment in Good Standing Compliance. As you are aware, the Company is subject to and has various compliance procedures in place . Accordingly, you understand that your continued association with the Company and corresponding payment of the foregoing amounts will be subject to your continued employment with the Company in good standing, which will include, among other things, your adherence to applicable laws, the Apollo Code of Ethics, and the Company ' s other policies, procedures, and applicable compliance manuals, copies of which will be made available to you. You further acknowledge and agree that your employment with the Company is conditioned upon your compliance with the Company's policies and procedures related to COVID-19, including any vaccination and or testing requirements applicable to your office location. You agree to execute any customary forms and agreements in connection therewith. Nothing in this letter agreement shall be construed as establishing any right to continued employment with the Company. 
 
 20. Governing Law and Forum. The parties agree and consent that this letter agreement shall be enforced as a New York contract pursuant to the terms of the ECAA. The parties agree that the validity, enforceability, construction and interpretation of this letter agreement shall be governed by the laws of New York, without regard to its conflict of law rules. In the event of a breach of this letter agreement, the parties agree and consent that any and all disputes between the Company and you relating to this letter agreement will be governed by the ECAA, except that in the event either party seeks emergency and preliminary relief, such proceedings shall take place exclusively in New York, and the parties consent to 
 5 

the jurisdiction and venue of the federal and or state courts in New York. The parties also consent to service of process by electronic mail, United States Mail, or express courier in any such action. 
 
 21. Entire Agreement and Assignment of Agreement. This letter agreement together with the ECAA constitute the entire agreement between the parties in relation to its subject matter and supersedes any previous agreement or understanding between the parties relating thereto, including but not limited to any term sheet (except that any obligations contained in any such agreement in favor of the Company or any of its Affiliates requiring you to maintain confidentiality shall survive in accordance with their terms). This letter agreement may not be modified or amended unless in writing signed by the undersigned parties. Any notice required hereunder shall be made in writing, as applicable, to the Company in care of a member of the Company's Human Capital Team or to you at your home address most recently on file with the Company. Except for an assignment by the Company of this letter agreement to an Affiliate, this letter agreement may not be assigned by the parties other than as expressly provided herein. 
 
 22. Counterparts. This letter agreement may be executed through the use of separate signature pages or in any number of counterparts, with the same effect as if the parties executing such counterparts had executed one (1) counterpart. This letter agreement shall only become effective if fully executed by all parties on or before February 18, 2022. 
 
 Continues on next page 
 6 

We are excited to extend you this offer of employment with the Company and hope you will accept. Please acknowledge your acceptance of the terms laid out in this letter agreement on or before February 18, 2022. By signing this letter agreement, you acknowledge and agree that the Company did not inquire about your salary history at any time during the hiring process and that any information you may have provided about your salary history was offered voluntarily and without prompting. This offer is contingent on background and reference checks. Consistent with the nature of your at-will employment, Apollo reserves its right to terminate your employment at any time for any lawful reason. 
 
 You confirm that in signing this letter agreement you have not relied on any warranty, representation, assurance, or promise of any kind whatsoever other than as are expressly set out in this letter agreement or in the plans or documents referenced herein . At Apollo, we are passionate about delivering uncommon value to our investors and shareholders. We look forward to welcoming you to our team of professionals . 
 
 Sincerely, 

s Matthew Breitfelder 

Matthew Breitfelder 
 Partner, Global Head of Human Capital 

Agree and accepted 
 
 s Johannes Worsoe 
 Johannes Worsoe 
 
 10 4 22 
 Date 

Signature Page 
 7 

Additional Definitions 
 Affiliate of the Company means any other person that directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with the Company and shall include, without limitation, Apollo-affiliated management companies, funds, and managed accounts. 
 
 Cause means a termination of your employment, based upon a finding by the Company, acting in good faith and as permitted by applicable law, after the occurrence of any of the following (a) you are convicted or charged with a criminal offense (b) your violation of law in connection with any transaction involving the purchase, sale, loan, or other disposition of, or the rendering of investment advice with respect to any security, futures or forward contract, insurance contract, debt instrument financial instrument, or currency (c) your dishonesty, bad faith, gross negligence, willful misconduct fraud, or willful or reckless disregard of duties in connection with the performance of any services on behalf of the Company or any of its Affiliates or your engagement in conduct that is injurious to the Company, monetarily or otherwise (d) your intentional failure to comply with any reasonable directive by a supervisor in connection with the performance of any services on behalf of the Company (e) your intentional breach of any material provision of this letter agreement or any other agreements of the Company or any of its Affiliates (f) your material violation of any written policies adopted by the Company or its Affiliates governing the conduct of persons performing services on behalf of the Company or such Affiliate or your non-adherence to the Company's policies and procedures or other applicable Company compliance manuals (g) the taking or omission of any action that has caused or substantially contributed to a material deterioration in the business or reputation of the Company or any of its Affiliates, or that was otherwise materially disruptive to the business or affairs of the Company or any of its Affiliates provided, however, that the term Cause shall not include for this purpose any mistake of judgment made in good faith with respect to any transaction respecting a portfolio investment for an account managed by the Company or a strategic investment undertaken on behalf of the Company or any of its Affiliates (h) the failure by you to devote a significant portion of time to performing services as an agent of the Company without the prior written consent of the Company, other than by reason of death or disability (i) the obtaining by you of any material improper personal benefit as a result of a breach by you of any covenant or agreement (including, without limitation, a breach by you of the Company's code of ethics or a material breach by you of other written policies furnished to you relating to personal investment transactions or of any covenant, agreement, representation, or warranty contained in any limited partnership agreement) or j) your suspension or other disciplinary action against you by an applicable regulatory authority provided, however, that if a failure, breach, violation, action, or omission described in any of clauses (d) to (g) is capable of being cured, you have failed to do so after being given notice and a reasonable opportunity to cure. As used in this definition, material means more than de minimis. 
 
 Disability means (i) you are not able to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months or (ii) by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months, you are receiving income replacement benefits for a period of not less than three (3) months under an accident or health 

plan covering employees of the Company. The determination of whether or not a Disability exists for purposes of this letter shall be made by a physician, who is selected by the Company and is reasonably acceptable to you and who is qualified to give such professional medical assessment. 
 
 Outside Business Activity means any form of employment or engagement outside of your employment at the Company. Outside business activities also include, but are not limited to, serving as a director or officer of another company or organization, or any activity that has the potential to detract from your ability to devote appropriate time and attention to your responsibilities to the Company. 
 
 Termination Date means the date on which your employment with the Company and or any of its Affiliates terminates for whatever reason. 

</EX-10.75>

<EX-10.76>
 9
 exhibit1076aamq422.htm
 EX-10.76

Document 
 Exhibit 10.76 

December 15, 2016 
 
 Personal and Confidential 
 Christian Weideman 

Dear Christian 
 Congratulations on receiving your offer of employment with Apollo 1 . By joining Apollo, you re becoming part of a talented, innovative team of people. This letter confirms the terms in connection with your employment at Apollo Management Holdings, L.P. (the Company ). 
 
 Position & Reporting. You will be employed by the Company as General Counsel, Litigation and Regulation. You will report to John Suydam, Chief Legal Officer, or his successor. 
 
 Start Date and Assurances . Your employment with the Company shall begin on January 23, 2017 (or such other date on which you commence employment with the Company) (such actual date of employment commencement, the Start Date ). You represent that (i) you are not a party to any agreement that would prohibit you from entering into employment with the Company (ii) no trade secret or proprietary information belonging to your previous employer will be disclosed by you at the Company and no such information, whether in the form of documents (electronic or otherwise), memoranda, software, etc., will be retained by you or brought with you to the Company and (iii) you have brought to the Company s attention and provided it with a copy of any agreement that may impact your future employment with the Company or performing the services contemplated, including but not limited to any non-disclosure, non-competition, non-solicitation or invention assignment agreements containing future work restrictions. You represent that prior to the Start Date you will not take any actions on behalf of the Company or engage in any discussions or communications on behalf of the Company, including, without limitation, with any prospective Company employees or other service providers. You further represent to the Company that you possess any licenses or certifications necessary for you to perform such services. 
 
 Duties . You agree that you will (i) devote your full working time, attention and abilities to the duties assigned to you (ii) promote and protect the interests and reputation of the Company and its Affiliates and (iii) comply with all rules, policies and regulations of the Company from time to time. 
 
 Annual Base Salary . You will be entitled to an annual base salary at the rate of 400,000 (the Base Salary ), which base salary shall be paid in installments not less frequently than monthly. This is an exempt position, therefore no overtime will be granted. All amounts payable under this letter agreement are subject to applicable withholdings. 
 
 Discretionary Bonus . For services performed in any given calendar year, you may be eligible to receive an annual bonus (the Bonus in addition to your Base Salary and in an amount to be 

1 Apollo Global Management, LLC and its subsidiaries 

determined by the Company in its sole discretion. For services performed in 2017, your discretionary Bonus shall have a target value of 950,000. Your Bonus for 2017 will not be prorated based on your partial year of employment. The 2017 target Bonus is not guaranteed, and the actual 2017 Bonus payable to you may be greater or less in the discretion of the Company. The Bonus, as well as subsequent annual bonuses, if any, will be paid in accordance with the Company s Incentive Program (as defined below) and shall be paid when bonuses are generally paid to other similarly situated employees, provided that you are employed on the payment date and not under notice (given or received) on the Bonus payment date. For the avoidance of doubt, Bonus payments (if any) will not be part of your Base Salary for any purpose. 
 
 Sign-on Bonus . In addition, you will be entitled to receive a one-time bonus (the Sign-on Bonus in the amount of 50,000. The Sign-on Bonus will be payable to you no later than January 31, 2017, provided that you are employed and you have not been terminated for Cause by the Company or provided notice of your resignation to the Company on or before such date. Should your employment terminate for Cause or you provide notice of your resignation to the Company on or before December 31, 2017, you will repay the Sign-on Bonus to the Company prior to your departure. 
 
 Special One-Time Advance. We agree to provide to you a one-time payment of 50,000 the Advance ), as an advance of amounts otherwise due on or around December 31, 2017 by the Company or any of its affiliates. The Advance will be paid to you on the first regular payroll date following your Start Date. Payment of the Advance is subject to applicable tax withholding. You acknowledge and agree that the Company will deduct or set off 50,000 from any payments (including any bonus payment) that otherwise would be payable to you on or about December 31, 2017. 
 
 Should you resign or give notice of your resignation, or if your employment is terminated by the Company or any of its affiliates for Cause, and the Company provides you with a written notice to the effect that, as of the date of such employment termination, it has not or will not have fully deducted or set off the Advance from other amounts due to you (a Repayment Notice ), you agree to repay, to the Company in cash prior to your employment termination date (or, if later, the tenth day after your receipt of a Repayment Notice), that portion of the Advance that has not or will not have been so deducted or set off. In addition, you hereby agree to pay any attorney s fees the Company or any of its affiliates may incur in connection with its exhaustion of all legal remedies available to it in securing your satisfaction of any obligation you have to repay the Advance or any portion thereof. 
 
 To the extent that you repay the Advance, you hereby (i) authorize the Company or its affiliate(s) to receive a full refund from the federal, state and or local government, as the case may be, of any amounts withheld (including the employee portion of Social Security, Medicare and other employment taxes) on such repaid portion of the Advance, (ii) agree that you will not file a claim to be refunded the withheld amounts described in clause (i), and (iii) agree that you will otherwise assist the Company and its affiliates in obtaining its refund of such withheld amounts. 
 
 Welcome Grant . Subject to approval by the committee that administers the Apollo Global Management, LLC 2007 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan ), such approval not to be unreasonably withheld, in the first calendar quarter that begins after the Start Date (the First Quarter ), you shall be granted restricted share units RSUs having an aggregate value equal to 900,000, based on the average closing price of an Apollo Global Management, LLC Class A share on the New York Stock Exchange for the ten trading days preceding the First Quarter (rounded down to the nearest whole share). Each RSU shall be granted pursuant to the Plan and subject to such other terms and conditions as generally apply to Plan participants, including your 
 2 

continued employment through each vesting date. The RSUs will vest over a period of six (6) years, as follows (i) 4 24 of the grant will vest on the first anniversary of the last day of the calendar quarter that includes the Start Date and (ii) the remaining balance will vest in 20 substantially equal quarterly installments thereafter. 
 
 Incentive Program . A portion of any discretionary Bonus for services performed in a given year may be deferred and payable pursuant to the Company s incentive compensation program (the Incentive Program as in effect for such year. Currently, any amounts payable under the Incentive Program will be subject to payment in the form of equity-based (including, possibly, carried interest) awards of Apollo Global Management, LLC or an Affiliate and shall vest in accordance with the associated award documentation, which vesting shall be contingent on your continued service as an employee on each vesting date. The Company reserves the right to change the terms of the Incentive Program at any time to the extent permitted under Section 409A of the U.S. Tax Code. All amounts that vest shall be paid within the short-term deferral period provided under U.S. Treas. Reg. 1.409A- 1(b)(4). 
 
 Benefit Plans . From the Start Date, you will be eligible to participate in the various group health, disability and life insurance plans and other employee programs, including sick and vacation time, as generally are offered by the Company to similarly situated employees from time to time. Specifically, with respect to vacation, you will be entitled to 20 days of vacation per year, subject to applicable Company policies. No more than five days of accrued but unused vacation shall be carried forward past the end of any calendar year. The Company reserves the right to modify or terminate any such employee program at any time. 
 
 Notice Entitlement . The Company may terminate your employment with or without Cause. The period of notice that we will give you to terminate your employment without Cause, and other than your death or Disability, is 90 days. The Company may terminate your employment for Cause without notice. You agree to give the Company 90 days notice should you decide to leave the Company for any reason. We reserve the right to require you not to be in the Company s offices and or not to undertake all or any of your duties and or not to contact Company clients, colleagues or advisors (unless otherwise instructed) during all or part of any period of notice of your termination of service. During any such period, you remain a service provider to the Company with all duties of fidelity and confidentiality to the Company and subject to all terms and conditions of your employment and should not be employed or engaged in any other business. 
 
 Payment in lieu of notice . Subject to the Employment in Good Standing Compliance section below, we reserve the right to pay you in lieu of any required notice period, the equivalent of your Base Salary on a termination without Cause. 
 
 Political Contributions. Except as otherwise disclosed to the Company in writing, in the past two years neither you nor your spouse (i) has donated to a state or local political campaign in any of the fifty states or Washington D.C. or (ii) has donated to a candidate for any federal office if such candidate held any state or local political office at the time of the contribution. 
 
 Confidentiality. You will not disclose or use at any time, either prior to your Termination Date or thereafter, any Confidential Information of which you are or become aware, whether or not such information is authored or developed by you, except to the extent that (i) such disclosure or use is directly related to and required by your good faith performance of duties to the Company or any of its Affiliates, or (ii) such disclosure is required to be made by law or any court or legislative body with jurisdiction over you provided, that you shall provide ten (10) days prior written notice to the Company of such disclosure so that the Company may seek a protective 
 3 

order or similar remedy and provided, further, that, in either case set forth above, you inform the recipients that such information or communication is confidential in nature. Except to the extent publicly disclosed, you acknowledge and agree that this letter agreement and its provisions constitute Confidential Information of the Company and its Affiliates and that any documents, information or reports received by you from the Company and its Affiliates shall be treated as confidential and proprietary information of the Company and its Affiliates. Nothing contained herein shall preclude you from disclosing Confidential Information to your personal legal and financial advisor(s), provided that you inform such advisor(s) that the information is confidential in nature and receive assurances that the advisor(s) shall not disclose such information except as required by law. In addition, nothing in this letter agreement or any other agreement with the Company or its Affiliates will (a) prohibit you from making reports of possible violations of U.S. federal law or regulation to any governmental agency or entity in accordance with Section 21F of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, Section 806 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or any other whistleblower protection provisions of U.S. federal law or regulation, or (b) require notification or prior approval by the Company or any of its Affiliates of any such reporting. 
 
 No Solicitation . Without prejudice to your express and implied duties as an employee of the Company and you agree that for the following periods, you shall not directly or indirectly 
 
 1. During your employment with the Company and for 12 months following the Termination Date (a) solicit or induce any Key Employee to leave or terminate his employment or engagement with the Company or its Affiliates for the purposes of joining a Competitive Business (b) hire any Key Employee who has left the employment, engagement or service of the Company or any of its Affiliates during the preceding 12 months in connection with a Competitive Business or (c) be employed, engaged, concerned or interested in any Competitive Business which has during the preceding 12 months employed, engaged or appointed in any capacity or procured the services of any Key Employee 
 
 2. During your employment with the Company and for 12 months following the Termination Date and in connection with a Competitive Business, solicit or induce any Restricted Entity to terminate (or diminish in any respect) his, her or its relationship with the Company or its successors, assigns or Affiliates 
 
 3. During your employment with the Company and for 12 months following the Termination Date and in connection with a Competitive Business, otherwise interfere with or damage (or attempt to impede or otherwise interfere with or damage) any business relationship and or agreement to which the Company or any Affiliate thereof is a party, including without limitation any such relationship with any Restricted Entity. 
 
 No Competition . You further agree that, during your employment with or provision of services to the Company and, for six (6) months thereafter, you will not, directly or indirectly (including through another person) (a) engage in any Competitive Business for your own account, (b) enter the employ of, or render any services to, any person engaged in any Competitive Business, or (c) acquire a material financial interest in any Competitive Business. Nothing herein shall, however, prohibit you from (i) being a passive owner of not more than 2 of the outstanding stock of any class of a company or corporation that is publicly quoted or listed, so long as you have no active participation in the business of such company or corporation or (ii) working for a law firm engaged in the practice of law. As used in this letter agreement (i) person means an individual, a corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association, trust or any other entity and (ii) activity undertaken directly or indirectly includes any direct or indirect ownership or profit participation interest in such enterprise, whether as an owner or a stockholder, member, partner, 
 4 

joint venturer or otherwise, and includes any direct or indirect participation in such enterprise as an employee, consultant, director, officer, licensor of technology or otherwise. 
 
 Nondisparagement . You agree that you will not, whether during your employment or thereafter, directly or indirectly, make or ratify any statement, public or private, oral or written, to any person that disparages, either professionally or personally, the Company or any of its Affiliates, past and present, and each of them, as well as its and their trustees, directors, officers, members, managers, partners, agents, attorneys, insurers, employees, stockholders, representatives, assigns, and successors, past and present, and each of them. 
 
 Remedies Severability . Because your services are unique and you have had and will have access during the course of your employment to Confidential Information, money damages would be an inadequate remedy for any breach of the restrictive covenants contained in this letter agreement (including, without limitation, those regarding confidentiality, nonsolicitation, noncompetition and nondisparagement) (the Protective Covenants ). Therefore, in the event of a breach or threatened breach of any provision of a Protective Covenant, the Company or its successors or assigns may, in addition to other rights and remedies existing in their favor at law or in equity, (a) apply to any court of competent jurisdiction for specific performance and or injunctive or other relief in order to enforce, or prevent any violations of, the provisions hereof (without posting a bond or other security) and or (b) cease any continuation of payments or benefits to you otherwise called for by this letter agreement. If any provision of this letter agreement shall be held invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction for any reason, including, without limitation, the duration of such provision, its geographical scope or the extent of the activities prohibited or required by it, then, to the fullest extent permitted by law, (a) all other provisions hereof shall remain in full force and effect in such jurisdiction and shall be liberally construed in order to carry out the intent of the parties hereto as nearly as may be possible, (b) such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect the validity, legality or enforceability of any other provision hereof, and (c) any court or arbitrator having jurisdiction thereover shall have the power to reform such provision to the extent necessary for such provision to be enforceable under applicable law. You hereby acknowledge and agree with the Company that (x) each of the Protective Covenants is an entirely separate, severable and independent covenant and restriction on you (y) the duration, extent and application of each of the Protective Covenants is no greater than is necessary for the protection of the goodwill and trade connections of the business of the Company and (z) in the event that any restriction on you contained in the Protective Covenants shall be found void but would be valid if some part thereof were deleted, such restrictions shall apply with any such deletion as may be necessary to make it valid and effective. 
 
 Subsequent Engagement . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, while you are employed by the Company, prior to accepting (or entering into a written understanding that provides for your) employment or consulting engagement with any person or entity unrelated to the Company, you will provide (i) written notice to the Company of such offer, it being understood that your acceptance of any such offer before seven (7) days have elapsed following such notice shall be treated as a termination by the Company for Cause, and (ii) a copy of the paragraph entitled No Solicitation or No Competition herein to any such prospective employer or service recipient, with a copy provided simultaneously to the Company. You shall promptly notify the Company of your acceptance of employment with, or agreement to provide substantial services to, any entity unrelated to the Company for 6 months from and after your Termination Date. 
 
 Employment in Good Standing Compliance . As you are aware, the firm is subject to and has various compliance procedures in place. Accordingly, you understand that your continued 
 5 

association with the Company and corresponding payment of the foregoing amounts will be subject to your continued employment in good standing, which will include, among other things, your adherence to applicable laws and the Company s policies and procedures and other applicable compliance manuals (including, without limitation, obligations with regard to confidential information), copies of which will be made available to you. You agree to execute any customary forms and agreements in connection therewith. Nothing in this letter agreement shall be construed as establishing any right to continued employment with the Company. 
 
 Choice of Law Arbitration Waiver of Jury Trial. This letter agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York (without regard to any conflicts of laws principles thereof that would give effect to the laws of another jurisdiction), and any dispute or controversy arising out of or relating to this letter agreement or your employment, other than injunctive relief, will be settled exclusively by arbitration, conducted before a single arbitrator in New York County, New York (applying New York law) in accordance with, and pursuant to, the Employment Arbitration Rules and Procedures of JAMS JAMS ), a copy of which rules, which are available at http www.jamsadr.com rules-employment-arbitration , have been reviewed by you in their current form. The arbitrator shall have the power to rule on his or her own jurisdiction, including any objections with respect to the existence, scope or validity of this arbitration clause. The arbitration shall be conducted on a strictly confidential basis, and neither party shall disclose the existence of a claim, the nature of a claim, any documents, exhibits, or information exchanged or presented in connection with such a claim, or the result of any action (collectively, Arbitration Materials ), to any third party, except as required by law, with the sole exception of their legal counsel and parties engaged by that counsel to assist in the arbitration process, who also shall be bound by these confidentiality terms. The arbitrator shall be authorized to issue any award a court could issue except that, to the extent permitted by law, the arbitrator shall not be authorized to award punitive damages. No discovery shall be permitted as part of any arbitration that may take place under this provision. The decision of the arbitrator will be final and binding upon the parties hereto. Any arbitral award may be entered as a judgment or order in any court of competent jurisdiction. Either party may commence litigation in court to obtain injunctive relief in aid of arbitration, to compel arbitration, or to confirm or vacate an award, to the extent authorized by the Federal Arbitration Act or the New York Arbitration Act. You and the Company shall share the JAMS administrative fees and the arbitrator s fee and expenses. Each party will pay its own attorneys fees. You and the Company each agree that any arbitration will be conducted only on an individual basis and that no dispute between the parties relating to this letter agreement may be consolidated or joined with a dispute between any other employee and the Company or any of its Affiliates, nor may you seek to bring your dispute on behalf of other employees, independent contractors or consultants of the Company or any of its Affiliates as a class or collective action. The parties agree to take all steps necessary to protect the confidentiality of the Arbitration Materials in connection with any such proceeding, agree to file all Confidential Information (and documents containing Confidential Information) under seal, and agree to the entry of an appropriate protective order encompassing the confidentiality terms of this letter agreement. TO THE EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW THAT CANNOT BE WAIVED, YOU AND THE COMPANY HEREBY WAIVE AND COVENANT THAT YOU AND THE COMPANY WILL NOT ASSERT (WHETHER AS PLAINTIFF, DEFENDANT OR OTHERWISE) ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION ARISING IN WHOLE OR IN PART UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY MATTERS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY, WHETHER NOW OR HEREAFTER ARISING, AND WHETHER SOUNDING IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, AND AGREE THAT ANY OF THE COMPANY OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES OR YOU MAY FILE A COPY OF THIS PARAGRAPH WITH ANY COURT AS WRITTEN EVIDENCE OF THE KNOWING, VOLUNTARY AND BARGAINED-FOR AGREEMENT AMONG THE COMPANY AND ITS 
 6 

AFFILIATES, ON THE ONE HAND, AND YOU, ON THE OTHER HAND, IRREVOCABLY TO WAIVE THE RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY PROCEEDING WHATSOEVER BETWEEN SUCH PARTIES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT AND THAT ANY PROCEEDING PROPERLY HEARD BY A COURT UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL INSTEAD BE TRIED IN A COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION BY A JUDGE SITTING WITHOUT A JURY. 
 
 Miscellaneous. This letter agreement may not be modified or amended unless in writing signed by the undersigned parties. Any notice required hereunder shall be made in writing, as applicable, to the Company in care of the Global Head of Human Resources at her principal office location or to you at your home address most recently on file with the Company. Except for an assignment by the Company of this letter agreement to an Affiliate, this letter agreement may not be assigned by the parties other than as expressly provided herein. This letter agreement may be executed through the use of separate signature pages or in any number of counterparts, with the same effect as if the parties executing such counterparts had executed one counterpart. 
 
 Continues on next page 

7 

We are excited to extend you this offer of employment and hope you will accept. Please acknowledge your acceptance and the terms laid out in this letter agreement on or before January 1, 2017. This letter agreement is subject to customary background, reference checks and proof of prior compensation i.e., W-2s, 1099s or K-1s for the prior two years). This letter agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties in relation to its subject matter and supersedes any previous agreement or understanding between the parties relating thereto (except that any obligations contained in any such agreement in favor of the Company or any of its Affiliates requiring you to maintain confidentiality or honor other restrictive covenants shall survive in accordance with their terms), and you confirm that in signing this letter agreement you have not relied on any warranty, representation, assurance or promise of any kind whatsoever other than as are expressly set out in this letter agreement or in the plans or documents referenced herein. At Apollo, we are passionate about delivering uncommon value to our investors and shareholders. We look forward to welcoming you to our team of professionals. 
 
 Sincerely, 
 
 s Lisa Barse Bernstein 
 
 Lisa Barse Bernstein 
 Global Head of Human Resources Agreed and accepted 
 
 Agreed and accepted 

_______________________________ 
 Christian Weideman 

_______________________________ 
 Date 

s Christian Weideman 

Employment Agreement Signature Page 
 
 8 

Additional Definitions 
 
 Affiliate of the Company means any other person that directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries controls, is controlled by or is under common control with the Company and shall include, without limitation, Apollo-affiliated management companies, funds, and managed accounts. 
 
 Cause means a termination of your employment, based upon a finding by the Company, acting in good faith, after the occurrence of any of the following (a) you are convicted or charged with a criminal offense (b) your violation of law in connection with any transaction involving the purchase, sale, loan or other disposition of, or the rendering of investment advice with respect to, any security, futures or forward contract, insurance contract, debt instrument, financial instrument or currency (c) your dishonesty, bad faith, gross negligence, willful misconduct, fraud or willful or reckless disregard of duties in connection with the performance of any services on behalf of the Company or any of its Affiliates or your engagement in conduct which is injurious to the Company, monetarily or otherwise (d) your intentional failure to comply with any reasonable directive by a supervisor in connection with the performance of any services on behalf of the Company (e) your intentional breach of any material provision of this document or any other agreements of the Company or any of its Affiliates (f) your material violation of any written policies adopted by the Company or its Affiliates governing the conduct of persons performing services on behalf of the Company or such Affiliate or your non-adherence to the Company s policies and procedures or other applicable Company compliance manuals (g) the taking of or omission to take any action that has caused or substantially contributed to a material deterioration in the business or reputation of the Company or any of its Affiliates, or that was otherwise materially disruptive of their business or affairs provided , however , that the term Cause shall not include for this purpose any mistake of judgment made in good faith with respect to any transaction respecting (i) a portfolio investment for an account managed by the Company or (ii) a strategic investment undertaken on behalf of the Company or any of its Affiliates (h) the failure by you to devote a significant portion of time to performing services as an agent of the Company without the prior written consent of the Company, other than by reason of death or Disability (i) the obtaining by you of any material improper personal benefit as a result of a breach by you of any covenant or agreement (including, without limitation, a breach by you of the Company's code of ethics or a material breach by you of other written policies furnished to you relating to personal investment transactions or of any covenant, agreement, representation or warranty contained in any limited partnership agreement) or (j) your suspension or other disciplinary action against you by an applicable regulatory authority provided , however , that if a failure, breach, violation or action or omission described in any of clauses (d) to (g) is capable of being cured, you have failed to do so after being given notice and a reasonable opportunity to cure. As used in this definition, material means more than de minimis . 
 
 Competitive Business means (i) any alternative asset management business (other than the business of the Company, its successors or assigns or Affiliates) in which more than 25 of the total capital committed is third party capital, that advises, manages or invests the assets of and or makes investments in private equity funds, hedge funds, collateralized debt obligation funds, commercial mortgages, commercial real estate related investments, residential mortgages, residential real estate related investments, business development corporations, special purpose acquisition companies, life settlement investments, life insurance company asset investment vehicles, credit-based asset management vehicles, leveraged loans or other alternative asset investment vehicles, (ii) persons who manage, advise or own such investment vehicles, (iii) any proprietary investing desk of an investment bank or commercial bank. 
 
 Confidential Information means information that is not generally known to the public and that is or was used, developed or obtained by the Company and its Affiliates, including but not limited to, (i) information, observations, procedures and data obtained by you while employed by or providing services to the Company or any of its Affiliates, (ii) products or services, (iii) costs and pricing structures, (iv) 
 
 9 

analyses, (v) performance data, (vi) computer software, including operating systems, applications and program listings, (vii) flow charts, manuals and documentation, (viii) data bases, (ix) accounting and business methods, (x) inventions, devices, new developments, methods and processes, whether patentable or unpatentable and whether or not reduced to practice, (xi) investors, customers, vendors, suppliers and investor, customer, vendor and supplier lists, (xii) other copyrightable works, (xiii) all production methods, processes, technology and trade secrets, (xiv) this letter agreement and nonpublic agreements of the Company and its Affiliates, (xv) investment memoranda and investment documentation concerning any potential, actual or aborted investments, (xvi) compensation terms, levels, and arrangements of employees and other service providers of the Company and its Affiliates, and (xvii) all similar and related information in whatever form. Confidential Information will not include any information that is generally available to the public prior to the date you propose to disclose or use such information. For this purpose, Confidential Information will be deemed generally available to the public only if all material features comprising such information have been published in combination. 
 
 Disability means (i) you are not able to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months, or (ii) by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months, you are receiving income replacement benefits for a period of not less than three (3) months under an accident or health plan covering employees of the Company. The determination of whether or not a Disability exists for purposes of this letter agreement shall be made by a physician selected by the Company and reasonably acceptable to you and who is qualified to give such professional medical assessment. 
 
 Key Employee means any officer, director, member, employee, agent or consultant of the Company or its successors, assigns or Affiliates who is an investment, marketing, finance or other professional or occupies a senior, managerial or advisory position at any time during the 12 months prior to the Termination Date and who 
 
 1. has knowledge of Confidential Information or 
 
 2. is able to influence the relationship or trade connections between the Company, its successors, assigns or Affiliates and any Restricted Entity, 
 
 and with whom you had personal (including telephonic or electronic) contact at any time during the preceding 12 months (if your employment has not yet terminated) or the 12 months immediately preceding the Termination Date (if your employment has terminated). 
 
 Restricted Entity means clients, customers, suppliers, partners, investors, prospective investors, financing sources or capital market intermediaries of the Company or its Affiliates with which you were materially concerned or had personal contact or about which you had Confidential Information at any time during the preceding 12 months (if your employment has not yet terminated) or the 12 months immediately preceding the Termination Date (if your employment has terminated). 
 
 Termination Date means the date on which your employment with the Company and its Affiliates terminates for whatever reason. 
 10 

</EX-10.76>

<EX-21.1>
 10
 exhibit211aamq42022.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 
 Exhibit 21.1 

 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES Entity Name Jurisdiction of Organization Apollo Capital Management IV, Inc. Cayman Islands Apollo Advisors IV, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Capital Management V, Inc. Cayman Islands Apollo Advisors V, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Principal Holdings I, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Capital Management VI, LLC Delaware Apollo Advisors VI, L.P. Delaware APO Asset Co., LLC Delaware Apollo Principal Holdings I GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Principal Holdings III GP, Ltd. Cayman Islands Apollo Advisors V (EH), LLC Anguilla Apollo Advisors V (EH Cayman), L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Principal Holdings III, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Advisors VI (EH-GP), Ltd. Cayman Islands Apollo Advisors VI (EH), L.P. Delaware AAA Guernsey Limited Guernsey Apollo Alternative Assets, L.P. Cayman Islands AAA MIP Limited Guernsey AAA Associates, L.P. Guernsey APO Corp. Delaware Apollo SVF Capital Management, LLC Delaware Apollo SVF Advisors, L.P. Delaware Apollo SVF Administration, LLC Delaware Apollo SOMA Capital Management, LLC Delaware Apollo SOMA Advisors, L.P. Delaware Apollo Principal Holdings II GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Asia Capital Management, LLC Delaware Apollo Asia Advisors, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Asia Administration, LLC Delaware Apollo Value Capital Management, LLC Delaware Apollo Value Advisors, L.P. Delaware Apollo Value Administration, LLC Delaware Apollo Principal Holdings II, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Principal Holdings IV, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo EPF Capital Management, Limited Cayman Islands Apollo EPF Advisors, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo EPF Administration, Limited Cayman Islands Apollo Management Holdings, L.P. Delaware Apollo Management, L.P. Delaware 

AIF III Management, LLC Delaware Apollo Management III, L.P. Delaware AIF V Management, LLC Delaware Apollo Management V, L.P. Delaware AIF VI Management, LLC Delaware Apollo Management VI, L.P. Delaware Apollo Management IV, L.P. Delaware Apollo International Management, L.P. Delaware Apollo Alternative Assets GP Limited Cayman Islands Apollo Management International LLP England and Wales Apollo Management Advisors GmbH Germany AMI (Holdings), LLC Delaware AAA Holdings GP Limited Guernsey AAA Holdings, L.P. Guernsey Apollo International Management GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Capital Management GP, LLC Delaware AEM GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Europe Management, L.P. Delaware ACC Management, LLC Delaware Apollo Investment Management, L.P. Delaware Apollo SVF Management GP, LLC Delaware Apollo SVF Management, L.P. Delaware Apollo Value Management GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Value Management, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Asia Management GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Asia Management, L.P. Delaware Apollo Management Singapore Pte. Ltd. Singapore Apollo EPF Management GP, LLC Delaware Apollo EPF Management, L.P. Delaware Apollo Capital Management, L.P. Delaware Apollo Principal Holdings IV GP, Ltd. Cayman Islands Apollo Management Holdings GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Management VII, L.P. Delaware AIF VII Management, LLC Delaware Apollo Advisors VII, L.P. Delaware Apollo Capital Management VII, LLC Delaware Apollo Credit Liquidity Management, L.P. Delaware Apollo Credit Liquidity Management GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Credit Liquidity Capital Management, LLC Delaware Apollo Credit Liquidity Investor, LLC Delaware Apollo Credit Liquidity Advisors, L.P. Delaware 

Apollo Investment Consulting LLC Delaware Apollo Life Asset, L.P. Delaware Apollo Management GP, LLC Delaware AP Transport LLC Delaware Apollo Investment Administration, LLC Delaware Apollo Fund Administration VII, LLC Delaware Apollo Management (UK) VI, LLC Delaware Apollo COF Investor, LLC Delaware Apollo Credit Opportunity Management, LLC Delaware Apollo Co-Investors VII (D), L.P. Delaware Apollo EPF Co-Investors (B), L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Management (AOP) VII, LLC Delaware Apollo Co-Investors Manager, LLC Delaware Apollo Commodities Management GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Commodities Management, L.P., with respect to Series I Delaware Apollo Fund Administration IV, L.L.C. Delaware Apollo Fund Administration V, L.L.C. Delaware Apollo Fund Administration VI, LLC Delaware VC GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Management (Germany) VI, LLC Delaware Apollo Advisors VII (EH-GP), Ltd Cayman Islands Apollo Advisors VII (EH), L.P. Delaware Apollo Co-Investors VII (EH-D), LP Anguilla Apollo Verwaltungs V GmbH Germany Apollo AIE II Co-Investors (B), L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Europe Advisors, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Europe Capital Management, Ltd. Cayman Islands LeverageSource Management, LLC Delaware AMI (Luxembourg) S.a r.l. Luxembourg Apollo Principal Holdings V, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Principal Holdings VI, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Principal Holdings VII, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Principal Holdings V GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Principal Holdings VI GP, LLC Delaware ACC Advisors D, LLC Delaware Apollo Principal Holdings VII GP, Ltd. Cayman Islands ACC Advisors C, LLC Delaware APO (FC), LLC Anguilla ACC Advisors A B, LLC Delaware Apollo Palmetto Management, LLC Delaware Apollo Palmetto Advisors, L.P. Delaware 

Apollo Global Real Estate Management GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Global Real Estate Management, L.P. Delaware Apollo Advisors VI (APO FC-GP), LLC Anguilla Apollo Advisors VII (APO FC-GP), LLC Anguilla Apollo Advisors VI (APO DC-GP), LLC Delaware Apollo Advisors VII (APO DC-GP), LLC Delaware Apollo Advisors VI (APO DC), L.P. Delaware Apollo Advisors VII (APO DC), L.P. Delaware Apollo Advisors VI (APO FC), L.P. Delaware Apollo Advisors VII (APO FC), L.P. Delaware VC GP C, LLC Delaware Apollo Strategic Growth Capital II Cayman Islands AGM India Advisors Private Limited India Apollo Principal Holdings VIII GP, Ltd. Cayman Islands Apollo Principal Holdings VIII, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Principal Holdings IX GP, Ltd. Cayman Islands Apollo Principal Holdings IX, L.P. Cayman Islands August Global Management, LLC Florida ACREFI Management, LLC Delaware Apollo COF I Capital Management, LLC Delaware Apollo Credit Opportunity Advisors I, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo COF II Capital Management, LLC Delaware Apollo Credit Opportunity Advisors II, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Co-Investors VI (D), L.P. Delaware Apollo Co-Investors VI (DC-D), L.P. Delaware Apollo Co-Investors VI (EH-D), LP Anguilla Apollo Co-Investors VI (FC-D), LP Anguilla Apollo Credit Opportunity CM Executive Carry I, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Credit Opportunity CM Executive Carry II, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Credit Liquidity CM Executive Carry, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Laminates Agent, LLC Delaware Apollo Management Asia Pacific Limited Hong Kong Apollo ALS Holdings II GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Resolution Servicing GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Resolution Servicing, L.P. Delaware AGRE CMBS Management LLC Delaware AGRE CMBS GP LLC Delaware Apollo Co-Investors VII (FC-D), L.P. Anguilla Apollo Co-Investors VII (DC-D), L.P. Delaware Apollo Credit Management (CLO), LLC Delaware Apollo Global Securities, LLC Delaware 

Apollo Advisors (Mauritius) Ltd. Mauritius AAA Life Re Carry, L.P. Cayman Islands AGRE Asia Pacific Management, LLC Delaware AGRE NA Management, LLC Delaware AGRE Europe Management, LLC Delaware AGRE - DCB, LLC Delaware Apollo Parallel Partners Administration, LLC Delaware Apollo Credit Advisors I, LLC Delaware Apollo Credit Management (Senior Loans), LLC Delaware Apollo Asian Infrastructure Management, LLC Delaware AGRE NA Legacy Management, LLC Delaware AGRE Europe Legacy Management, LLC Delaware AGRE Asia Pacific Legacy Management, LLC Delaware AGRE GP Holdings, LLC Delaware Apollo Gaucho GenPar, Ltd. Cayman Islands AP TSL Funding, LLC Delaware AGRE-E Legacy Management, LLC Delaware Financial Credit I Capital Management, LLC Delaware Financial Credit Investment I Manager, LLC Delaware AGRE CMBS GP II LLC Delaware AGRE CMBS Management II LLC Delaware Financial Credit Investment Advisors I, L.P. Cayman Islands APH HFA Holdings, L.P. Cayman Islands APH HFA Holdings GP, Ltd. Cayman Islands AGRE - E2 Legacy Management, LLC Delaware AP AOP VII Transfer Holdco, LLC Delaware Apollo Credit Management, LLC Delaware Apollo Capital Credit Management, LLC Delaware Apollo India Credit Opportunity Management, LLC Delaware AGRE U.S. Real Estate Advisors, L.P. Cayman Islands AGRE U.S. Real Estate Advisors GP, LLC Delaware Apollo AGRE USREF Co-Investors (B), LLC Delaware CPI Capital Partners Asia Pacific GP Ltd. Cayman Islands CPI Capital Partners Europe GP Ltd. Cayman Islands CPI European Fund GP LLC Delaware CPI European Carried Interest, L.P. Cayman Islands CPI NA GP LLC Delaware CPI Asia G-Fdr General Partner GmbH Germany Apollo Administration GP Ltd. Cayman Islands Apollo Achilles Co-Invest GP, LLC Anguilla Apollo Palmetto HFA Advisors, L.P. Delaware 

ARM Manager, LLC Delaware Stanhope Life Advisors, L.P. Cayman Islands Greenhouse Holdings, Ltd. Cayman Islands Apollo ALST GenPar, Ltd. Cayman Islands Apollo Palmetto Athene Advisors, L.P. Delaware Apollo ANRP Co-Investors (D), L.P. Delaware Apollo Co-Investors VII (NR DC-D), L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Co-Investors VII (NR D), L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Co-Investors VII (NR FC-D), LP Anguilla Apollo Co-Investors VII (NR EH-D), LP Anguilla APH Holdings, L.P. Cayman Islands APH Holdings (DC), L.P. Cayman Islands APH Holdings (FC), L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Longevity, LLC Delaware Apollo ANRP Capital Management, LLC Delaware Apollo ANRP Advisors, L.P. Delaware AGRE - CRE Debt Manager, LLC Delaware Apollo GSS GP Limited Guernsey Apollo ANRP Advisors (IH-GP), LLC Anguilla Apollo ANRP Advisors (IH), L.P. Delaware Apollo ANRP Co-Investors (IH-D), LP Anguilla AGRE Debt Fund I GP, Ltd. Cayman Islands Apollo APC Capital Management, LLC Anguilla Apollo APC Advisors, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo European Senior Debt Advisors, LLC Delaware Apollo European Strategic Advisors GP, LLC Delaware Apollo European Strategic Advisors, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo European Strategic Management GP, LLC Delaware Apollo European Strategic Management, L.P. Delaware Apollo Credit Management (European Senior Debt), LLC Delaware Apollo European Senior Debt Management, LLC Delaware Apollo Credit Advisors III, LLC Delaware Apollo EPF Advisors II, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo EPF Management II GP, LLC Delaware Apollo EPF Management II, L.P. Delaware Apollo VII TXU Administration, LLC Delaware Apollo APC Management, L.P. Delaware Apollo APC Management GP, LLC Delaware Apollo EPF Co-Investors II (D), L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Executive Carry VII (NR), L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Executive Carry VII (NR APO DC), L.P. Cayman Islands 

Apollo Executive Carry VII (NR APO FC), L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Executive Carry VII (NR EH), L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo European Credit Advisors, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo European Credit Advisors GP, LLC Delaware Apollo European Credit Management, L.P. Delaware Apollo European Credit Management GP, LLC Delaware GSAM Apollo Holdings, LLC Delaware AGM Incentive Pool, L.P. Cayman Islands AGM Marketing Pool, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Senior Loan Fund Co-Investors (D), L.P. Delaware Apollo European Strategic Co-Investors, LLC Delaware ST Holdings GP, LLC Cayman Islands ST Management Holdings, LLC Cayman Islands Apollo European Credit Co-Investors, LLC Delaware Gulf Stream Asset Management LLC North Carolina Apollo Centre Street Management, LLC Delaware Apollo Centre Street Advisors (APO DC-GP), LLC Delaware Apollo Centre Street Advisors (APO DC), L.P. Delaware Apollo Centre Street Co-Investors (DC-D), L.P. Delaware Apollo Athlon GenPar, Ltd. Cayman Islands Apollo SPN Capital Management, LLC Anguilla Apollo SPN Advisors, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo SPN Management, LLC Delaware Apollo SPN Co-Investors (D), L.P. Anguilla Apollo SPN Capital Management (APO FC-GP), LLC Anguilla Apollo SPN Advisors (APO FC), L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo SPN Co-Investors (FC-D), L.P. Anguilla Apollo SPN Capital Management (APO DC-GP), LLC Anguilla Apollo SPN Advisors (APO DC), L.P. Delaware Apollo SPN Co-Investors (DC-D), L.P. Anguilla 2012 CMBS-I GP LLC Delaware 2012 CMBS-I Management LLC Delaware Apollo AGRE Prime Co-Investors (D), LLC Anguilla Apollo ANRP Advisors (APO FC), L.P. Delaware Apollo ANRP Advisors (APO FC-GP), LLC Anguilla Apollo ANRP Co-Investors (FC-D), LP Anguilla Apollo EPF II Capital Management, LLC Marshall Islands ANRP Talos GenPar, Ltd. Cayman Islands Apollo Talos GenPar, Ltd. Cayman Islands Apollo ANRP Co-Investors (DC-D), L.P. Delaware Apollo ANRP Advisors (APO DC), L.P. Delaware 

Apollo ANRP Advisors (APO DC-GP), LLC Delaware Apollo ANRP Fund Administration, LLC Delaware Apollo ST Capital LLC Delaware Apollo ST Debt Advisors LLC Delaware Stone Tower Europe LLC Delaware Apollo ST Fund Management LLC Delaware Apollo ST Operating LP Delaware Apollo ST Structured Credit Recovery Partners II GP LLC Delaware Apollo ST Credit Partners GP LLC Delaware Apollo ST Credit Strategies GP LLC Delaware Apollo ST CLO Holdings GP, LLC Delaware 2012 CMBS-II GP LLC Delaware 2012 CMBS-II Management LLC Delaware 2012 CMBS-III GP LLC Delaware 2012 CMBS-III Management LLC Delaware AGRE U.S. Real Estate Advisors Cayman, Ltd. Cayman Islands Apollo SK Strategic Management, LLC Delaware Apollo SK Strategic Co-Investors (DC-D), LLC Marshall Islands Apollo SK Strategic Advisors GP, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo SK Strategic Advisors, LLC Anguilla Apollo AION Capital Partners, L.P. Cayman Islands EPE Acquisition Holdings, LLC Delaware AION Co-Investors (D) Ltd Mauritius EPF II Team Carry Plan, L.P. Marshall Islands Apollo Credit Management (Senior Loans) II, LLC Delaware AGRE Asia Pacific Real Estate Advisors, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo AGRE APREF Co-Investors (D), L.P. Cayman Islands AGRE Asia Pacific Real Estate Advisors GP, Ltd. Cayman Islands AIF VI Management Pool Investors, L.P. Delaware CMP Apollo LLC Delaware Verso Paper Investments Management LLC Delaware AIM Pool Investors, L.P. Delaware Apollo Consumer Credit Advisors, LLC Delaware Apollo Consumer Credit Fund, L.P. Delaware Apollo Consumer Credit Master Fund, L.P. Delaware A-A European Senior Debt Fund, L.P. Delaware ANRP EPE GenPar, Ltd. Cayman Islands Apollo Credit Income Co-Investors (D) LLC Delaware Apollo Credit Income Management LLC Delaware AMH Holdings (Cayman), L.P. Cayman Islands AMH Holdings GP, Ltd. Cayman Islands 

Apollo BSL Management, LLC Delaware Apollo Credit Opportunity Advisors III GP LLC Delaware Apollo Credit Opportunity Advisors III LP Cayman Islands Apollo Credit Opportunity Co-Investors III (D) LLC Delaware Apollo Credit Opportunity Management III LLC Delaware Apollo Capital Management VIII, LLC Delaware AIF VIII Management, LLC Delaware Apollo Advisors VIII, L.P. Delaware Apollo Management VIII, L.P. Delaware Apollo Fund Administration VIII, LLC Delaware Apollo Co-Investors VIII (D), L.P. Delaware CAI Strategic European Real Estate Advisors, L.P. Marshall Islands CAI Strategic European Real Estate Advisors GP, LLC Marshall Islands Apollo Palmetto Athene Management, LLC Delaware Apollo Commodities Management, L.P. Delaware Apollo Management (AOP) VIII, LLC Delaware Apollo Co-Investment Management, LLC Delaware Apollo Advisors (MHE), LLC Delaware Karpos Investments, LLC Marshall Islands Harvest Holdings, LLC Marshall Islands Lapithus EPF II Team Carry Plan, L.P. Marshall Islands AGRE Europe Co-Invest Management, L.P. Marshall Islands AGRE Europe Co-Invest Management GP, LLC Marshall Islands AGRE Europe Co-Invest Advisors GP, LLC Marshall Islands AGRE Europe Co-Invest Advisors, L.P. Marshall Islands Apollo Franklin Management, LLC Delaware Apollo Franklin Co-Investors (DC-D), L.P. Delaware Apollo Franklin Advisors (APO DC-GP), LLC Delaware Apollo Franklin Advisors (APO DC), L.P. Delaware Financial Credit II Capital Management, LLC Delaware Financial Credit Investment Advisors II, L.P. Cayman Islands Financial Credit Investment II Manager, LLC Delaware Delaware Rose GP, L.L.C. Delaware Apollo Rose GP, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Maritime Management, LLC Delaware Insight Solutions GP, LLC Delaware Athene Investment Analytics LLC Delaware Apollo Royalties Management, LLC Delaware Apollo Credit Short Opportunities Management, LLC Delaware Apollo Zeus Strategic Advisors, LLC Delaware Apollo Zeus Strategic Advisors, L.P. Cayman Islands 

Apollo Zeus Strategic Management, LLC Delaware Apollo Zeus Strategic Co-Investors (DC-D), LLC Delaware Athene Mortgage Opportunities GP, LLC Delaware Apollo ASPL Management, LLC Delaware Champ GP, LLC Delaware Champ L.P. Cayman Islands Champ Luxembourg Holdings S.a r.l. Luxembourg AAA Associates (Co-Invest VII GP), Ltd. Cayman Islands AAA Associates (Co-Invest VII), L.P. Cayman Islands AISG GP Ltd. Cayman Islands Apollo Incubator Advisors, LLC Delaware Apollo Incubator Management, LLC Delaware Apollo Zohar Advisors LLC Delaware Apollo EPF Co-Investors II (Euro), L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Structured Credit Recovery Advisors III LLC Cayman Islands Apollo Structured Credit Recovery Management III LLC Delaware Apollo Emerging Markets, LLC Delaware Apollo Structured Credit Recovery Co-Investors III (D), LLC Delaware Cyclone Royalties, LLC Delaware Apollo PE VIII Director, LLC Anguilla Apollo Advisors VIII (EH-GP), Ltd. Cayman Islands Apollo Advisors VIII (EH), L.P. Delaware Apollo Co-Investors VIII (EH-D), L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Total Return Advisors GP LLC Delaware Apollo Total Return Advisors LP Cayman Islands Apollo Total Return Management LLC Delaware Apollo Total Return Co-Investors (D) GP LLC Delaware Apollo Total Return Co-Investors (D) LP Delaware Apollo VIII GenPar, Ltd. Cayman Islands Apollo Insurance Solutions Group LP Delaware Apollo Advisors VIII (APO DC-GP), LLC Delaware Apollo Advisors VIII (APO DC), L.P. Delaware Apollo Co-Investors VIII (DC-D), L.P. Delaware Apollo Lincoln Private Credit Advisors (APO DC-GP), LLC Delaware Apollo Lincoln Private Credit Management, LLC Delaware Apollo Lincoln Fixed Income Advisors (APO DC-GP), LLC Delaware Apollo Lincoln Fixed Income Advisors (APO DC), L.P. Delaware Apollo Lincoln Fixed Income Management, LLC Delaware Apollo Lincoln Private Credit Advisors (APO DC), L.P. Delaware Apollo Lincoln Private Credit Co-Investors (DC-D), L.P. Delaware Apollo Emerging Markets Debt Advisors GP LLC Delaware 

Apollo Emerging Markets Debt Advisors LP Cayman Islands Apollo Emerging Markets Debt Co-Investors (D) GP LLC Delaware Apollo Emerging Markets Debt Co-Investors (D) LP Delaware Apollo Emerging Markets Debt Management LLC Delaware AHL 2014 Investor GP, Ltd. Cayman Islands Apollo Europe Management III, LLC Delaware Apollo Europe Co-Investors III (D), LLC Delaware RWNIH-ALL Advisors, LLC Delaware Apollo Europe Capital Management III, LLC Delaware Apollo Europe Advisors III, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo HK TMS Investment Holdings GP, LLC Delaware Apollo HK TMS Investment Holdings Management, LLC Delaware Apollo AION Capital Partners GP, LLC Delaware Apollo U.S. Real Estate Advisors GP II, LLC Delaware Apollo U.S. Real Estate Advisors II, L.P. Cayman Islands Champ II Luxembourg Holdings S.a r.l. Luxembourg Apollo Credit Short Opportunities Co-Investors (D), LLC Delaware Apollo Jupiter Resources Co-Invest GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Emerging Markets Fixed Income Strategies Advisors GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Emerging Markets Fixed Income Strategies Management, LLC Delaware AES Advisors II GP, LLC Delaware AES Advisors II, L.P. Cayman Islands AES Co-Investors II, LLC Delaware Apollo European Long Short Advisors GP, LLC Delaware Apollo European Long Short Management, LLC Delaware Apollo NA Management II, LLC Delaware AGRE USREF Kemper Lakes Platform, L.P. Delaware Apollo Credit Opportunity Advisors III (APO FC) GP LLC Delaware Apollo Credit Opportunity Advisors III (APO FC) LP Cayman Islands Apollo USREF Co-Investors II (D), LLC Delaware Apollo CIP GenPar, Ltd. Cayman Islands Apollo CIP Professionals, L.P. Delaware Apollo CIP Partner Pool, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Credit Opportunity Co-Investors III (FC-D) LLC Delaware Apollo Alteri Investments Advisors, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Alteri Investments Management, Ltd. Cayman Islands Apollo Co-Investment Capital Management, LLC Delaware Apollo Belenos Management LLC Delaware Apollo CIP European SMAs & CLOs, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo CIP Hedge Funds, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo CIP US SMAs, L.P. Cayman Islands 

Apollo CIP Structured Credit, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo CIP Global SMAs, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Arrowhead Management, LLC Delaware Apollo Management Advisors Espa a, S.L.U. Spain Apollo Alternative Credit Long Short Management LLC Delaware Apollo Alternative Credit Long Short Advisors LLC Delaware Apollo Alternative Credit Long Short Fund L.P. Delaware APO (FC II), LLC Anguilla Apollo Principal Holdings X GP, Ltd. Cayman Islands Apollo MidCap Holdings (Cayman) GP, Ltd. Cayman Islands Apollo ANRP Capital Management II, LLC Delaware Apollo ANRP Advisors II, L.P. Delaware Apollo ANRP Co-Investors II (D), L.P. Delaware Apollo Principal Holdings X, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo MidCap Holdings (Cayman), L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo MidCap Holdings (Cayman) III GP, Ltd. Cayman Islands Apollo Energy Opportunity Advisors GP LLC Delaware Apollo Energy Opportunity Advisors LP Cayman Islands Apollo Energy Opportunity Management, LLC Delaware Apollo Energy Opportunity Co-Investors (D), LLC Delaware Apollo A-N Credit Advisors (APO FC-GP), LLC Delaware Apollo A-N Credit Management, LLC Delaware Apollo Energy Yield Co-Investors (D) LLC Delaware Apollo RN Credit Management, LLC Delaware Apollo MidCap FinCo Feeder GP LLC Delaware Apollo Global Funding, LLC Delaware Apollo A-N Credit Advisors (APO FC Delaware), L.P. Delaware Apollo A-N Credit Co-Investors (FC-D), L.P. Delaware Apollo Asset Management Europe LLP England and Wales Apollo Principal Holdings XI, LLC Anguilla AAME UK CM, LLC Anguilla AGRE Hong Kong Management, LLC Delaware Venator Real Estate Capital Partners (Hong Kong) Limited Hong Kong Venator Investment Management Consulting (Shanghai) Limited China Apollo Asia Real Estate Management, LLC Delaware Apollo Total Return ERISA Advisors GP LLC Delaware Apollo Total Return ERISA Advisors LP Delaware Prime Security Services GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Tactical Value SPN Capital Management (APO DC-GP), LLC Anguilla Apollo Tactical Value SPN Advisors (APO DC), L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Tactical Value SPN Co-Investors (DC-D), L.P. Anguilla 

Apollo Tactical Value SPN Management, LLC Delaware Apollo Hercules Management, LLC Delaware Apollo Hercules Advisors GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Hercules Co-Investors (D), LLC Delaware Apollo Hercules Advisors, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Advisors VIII (APO FC-GP), Ltd. Cayman Islands Apollo Advisors VIII (APO FC), L.P. Delaware Apollo Co-Investors VIII (FC-D), L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Union Street Advisors, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Union Street Capital Management, LLC Delaware Apollo Union Street Management, LLC Delaware Apollo Union Street Co-Investors (D), L.P. Delaware Apollo ANRP Co-Investors II (DC-D), L.P. Delaware Apollo ANRP Advisors II (APO DC-GP), LLC Delaware Apollo ANRP Advisors II (APO DC), L.P. Delaware Apollo CIP Global SMAs (FC), L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Structured Credit Recovery Advisors III (APO DC) LLC Cayman Islands ANRP II GenPar, Ltd. Cayman Islands Financial Credit Investment III Manager, LLC Delaware Financial Credit III Capital Management, LLC Delaware Financial Credit Investment Advisors III, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Asset Management Europe PC LLP England and Wales Apollo Total Return Enhanced Advisors GP LLC Delaware Apollo Total Return Enhanced Advisors LP Cayman Islands Apollo Total Return Enhanced Management LLC Delaware Apollo Asia Real Estate Advisors GP, LLC Delaware Apollo ND Services, LLC Delaware Apollo Asia Real Estate Advisors, L.P. Cayman Islands Redding Ridge Advisors LLC Delaware Apollo Moultrie Capital Management, LLC Delaware Apollo Moultrie Credit Fund Advisors, L.P. Delaware Apollo Moultrie Credit Fund Management, LLC Delaware Apollo Thunder Advisors GP, Ltd. Cayman Islands Apollo Thunder Advisors, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Thunder Co-Investors (D), LLC Delaware Apollo Thunder Management, LLC Delaware Apollo RRI Management LLC Delaware APO MidCap B Holdings, LLC Delaware Apollo Kings Alley Credit Advisors, L.P. Delaware Apollo Kings Alley Credit Capital Management, LLC Delaware Apollo Kings Alley Credit Co-Investors (D), L.P. Delaware 

Apollo Kings Alley Credit Fund Management, LLC Delaware Apollo Special Situations Advisors, L.P. Delaware Apollo Special Situations Advisors GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Special Situations Management, LLC Delaware Apollo Special Situations Management, L.P. Delaware Apollo Special Situations Co-Investors (D), L.P. Delaware AP VIII Prime Security Services Management, LLC Delaware Apollo Asia Real Estate Co-Investors (FC-D), Ltd. Cayman Islands Apollo Investment Management Europe LLP England and Wales APO UK (FC), Limited England and Wales Apollo SA Management, LLC Delaware Apollo EPF III Capital Management, LLC Delaware Apollo EPF Management III, LLC Delaware Apollo EPF Advisors III, L.P. Cayman Islands EPE Debt Co-Investors GP, LLC Delaware ACF Europe Management, LLC Delaware Apollo Accord Advisors, LLC Delaware Apollo Accord Management, LLC Delaware AP Special Sits Lowell Holdings GP, LLC Delaware CTM Aircraft Investors GP, Ltd. Cayman Islands Apollo Socrates Co-Invest GP, LLC Delaware AP Dakota Co-Invest GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Special Situations Advisors (IH-GP), Ltd. Cayman Islands Apollo Special Situations Advisors (IH), L.P. Delaware Apollo USREF II (Las Olas) Holdings, L.P. Delaware Lowell GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Global Carry Pool GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Global Carry Pool Aggregator, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Global Carry Pool Intermediate, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Global Carry Pool Intermediate (DC), L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Global Carry Pool Intermediate (FC), L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Global Carry Pool GP, LLC with respect to Series A Delaware Apollo Global Carry Pool GP, LLC with respect to Series I Delaware Apollo Global Carry Pool GP, LLC with respect to Series I (FC) Delaware Apollo Global Carry Pool GP, LLC with respect to Series I (DC) Delaware Apollo Special Sits Director, LLC Anguilla Apollo Special Situations Co-Investors (IH-D), L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Energy Opportunity Advisors (APO DC) GP LLC Delaware Apollo Energy Opportunity Advisors (APO DC) LP Cayman Islands Apollo Energy Opportunity Co-Investors (DC-D) LLC Delaware Apollo ANRP Advisors II (IH-GP), LLC Cayman Islands 

Apollo ANRP Advisors II (IH), L.P. Delaware Apollo ANRP Co-Investors II (IH-D), L.P. Cayman Islands AP Inception Co-Invest GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Hercules AIV Advisors GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Hercules AIV Advisors, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Hercules AIV Co-Investors (D), LLC Delaware Apollo Jupiter Resources Co-Invest GP, ULC British Columbia AP ARX Co-Invest GP, LLC Cayman Islands Apollo Atlas Advisors (APO FC-GP), LLC Cayman Islands Apollo Atlas Advisors (APO FC), L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Atlas Management, LLC Delaware Apollo Tower Credit Advisors, LLC Delaware Apollo Tower Credit Co-Investors (DE FC-D), L.P. Delaware Apollo Tower Credit Management, LLC Delaware Apollo EPF Co-Investors III (D), L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo CIP Hedge Funds (FC), L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Asia Sprint Co-Investment Advisors, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Capital Management IX, LLC Delaware Apollo Advisors IX, L.P. Cayman Islands AIF IX Management, LLC Delaware Apollo Management IX, L.P. Delaware Apollo Fund Administration IX, LLC Delaware Apollo Co-Investors IX (D), L.P. Delaware Apollo Overseas Partners (Lux) IX GP, S.a r.l. Luxembourg Apollo Management (AOP) IX, LLC Delaware Apollo Principal Holdings XII GP, LLC Cayman Islands Apollo Principal Holdings XII, L.P. Cayman Islands APO (FC III), LLC Cayman Islands Apollo Union Street SPV Advisors, LLC Delaware Apollo Union Street SPV Co-Investors (D), L.P. Delaware Wolfcamp Co-Investors GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Cavenham EMA Management II, LLC Delaware Apollo Cavenham EMA Advisors II, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Cavenham EMA Capital Management II, LLC Cayman Islands Apollo ST Advisors, LLC Cayman Islands Apollo Structured Credit Recovery Management IV LLC Delaware Apollo Structured Credit Recovery Advisors IV LLC Delaware Apollo TRF CM Management, LLC Delaware AP VIII Olympus VoteCo, LLC Delaware Apollo KP Management, LLC Delaware Apollo TRF MP Management, LLC Delaware 

ALM Funding Ltd. Cayman Islands Apollo Asia Real Estate AAC Advisors, L.P. Cayman Islands AP-CB Servicer, LLC Delaware Apollo IP Holdings, LLC Delaware Athene Momentum Investment Advisors, L.P. Delaware Athene Momentum Investment Advisors GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Olympus Co-Invest GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Multi-Credit Fund GP (Lux) S.a r.l. Luxembourg Apollo Structured Credit Recovery Co-Investors IV (D) LLC Delaware Apollo Delos Investments Management, LLC Delaware Apollo AGER Co-Investors Management, LLC Cayman Islands Apollo Global Carry Pool Aggregator II, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Delos Investments Advisors, S.a r.l. Luxembourg Apollo Credit Management International Limited England and Wales Apollo Socrates Global Co-Invest GP, LLC Cayman Islands Apollo Athora Advisors, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Athora Advisors GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Kings Alley Credit Advisors (DC-GP), LLC Delaware Apollo HD Advisors GP, LLC Cayman Islands Apollo HD Advisors, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo HD Management GP, LLC Delaware Apollo HD Management, L.P. Delaware Apollo Rose II (B), L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Oasis Management, LLC Delaware Apollo SB Advisors, LLC Cayman Islands Harvest Holdings II GP, LLC Cayman Islands Harvest Holdings II (V), L.P. Cayman Islands Harvest Holdings II (C), L.P. Cayman Islands Karpos Investments II (C), L.P. Cayman Islands Karpos Investments II (V), L.P. Cayman Islands AIM (P2) Anguilla, LLC Anguilla Apollo EPF Advisors III (APO DC), L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo EPF II Capital Management (APO DC-GP), LLC Cayman Islands Apollo EPF III Capital Management (APO DC-GP), LLC Cayman Islands Apollo Kings Alley Credit Advisors (DC), L.P. Delaware Lapithus EPF II Team Carry Plan (APO DC), L.P. Cayman Islands EPF II Team Carry Plan (APO DC), L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo EPF Advisors II (APO DC), L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo AION Capital Partners (APO DC), L.P. Delaware Apollo Asia Real Estate Advisors (APO DC-GP), LLC Delaware Apollo AION Capital Partners (APO DC-GP), LLC Delaware 

Apollo Asia Real Estate Advisors (APO DC), L.P. Delaware Apollo Special Situations Advisors (APO DC), L.P. Delaware Apollo Special Situations Advisors (APO DC-GP), LLC Delaware Apollo Hybrid Value Management GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Hybrid Value Management, L.P. Delaware Apollo HVF Co-Investors (D), L.P. Delaware Apollo Hybrid Value Advisors, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Hybrid Value Capital Management, LLC Delaware APO Corp (Holdings Parent), L.P. Delaware APO Corp Holdings (2P DC), Inc. Delaware Apollo NA Management III, LLC Delaware AP ZWP Holdings LLC Delaware Apollo Converse Holdings GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Accord Advisors II, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Accord Advisors GP II, LLC Cayman Islands Apollo Accord Co-Investors II (D), L.P. Delaware Apollo Accord Management II, LLC Delaware Apollo Net Lease Co., LLC Delaware Apollo Advisors IX (EH-GP), LLC Cayman Islands Apollo Advisors IX (EH), L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Hybrid Value Overseas Partners (Lux) GP, S.a r.l. Luxembourg ACE Credit Advisors GP, LLC Cayman Islands ACE Credit Advisors, LP Cayman Islands Total Return Investment Grade Fund (US INS), LP Delaware ACE Credit Management, LLC Delaware Apollo Converse Co-Investors, LLC Delaware AISG Holdings LP Cayman Islands Apollo Asia Link Coinvestment Advisors, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Oasis Advisors GP, LLC Cayman Islands Apollo Oasis Advisors, L.P. Cayman Islands AA Direct GP, LLC Delaware BlueWater SM LLC Delaware Apollo Capital Efficient Advisors, LLC Delaware Apollo Capital Efficient Co-Investors (D), L.P. Delaware VA Capital Management CIV GP, LLC Delaware Apollo AJB Management, LLC Delaware Apollo Hybrid Value Advisors (APO DC-GP), LLC Delaware Apollo Hybrid Value Advisors (APO DC), L.P. Cayman Islands AGRE U.S. Senior Living Advisors, L.P. Cayman Islands AGRE U.S. Senior Living Management, LLC Delaware Elbow Re Ltd. Bermuda 

Apollo Asia Hurstville Co-Investment Advisors L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Tower Credit Advisors (DC-GP), LLC Cayman Islands Apollo Tower Credit Advisors (DC), L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo ANRP Management III, LLC Delaware Financial Credit IV Capital Management, LLC Cayman Islands Apollo ANRP Capital Management III, LLC Cayman Islands Apollo ANRP Advisors III, L.P. Cayman Islands Financial Credit Investment Advisors IV, L.P. Cayman Islands Financial Credit Investment IV Manager, LLC Delaware Apollo ANRP Co-Investors III (D), L.P Delaware Apollo HVF Co-Investors (DC-D), L.P. Delaware Apollo Natural Resources Partners (Lux) III GP, S.a r.l. Luxembourg Apollo Hybrid Value Advisors (APO FC-GP), LLC Delaware Apollo Hybrid Value Advisors (APO FC), L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Management Japan Limited Hong Kong AP Castle Holdings GP S.a r.l. Luxembourg Apollo International Management (India), LLC Delaware Apollo IPF Advisors, LLC Cayman Islands Apollo IPF Real Estate Management, LLC Delaware Apollo ADIP (Lux) GP, S.a r.l. Luxembourg Apollo DSB Co-Invest GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Tail Convexity Advisors, LLC Cayman Islands Apollo Tail Convexity Management, LLC Delaware Apollo Co-Investors IX (EH IH-D), L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo European Middle Market Private Debt Management, LLC Delaware Apollo Athene Strategic Partnership Advisors, LLC Cayman Islands Avalon Acquisition, LLC Cayman Islands Apollo CERPI Management LLC Delaware Apollo Infra Equity Advisors (APO DC), L.P. Delaware Apollo Infra Equity Advisors (APO DC-GP), LLC Delaware Apollo Infra Equity Advisors (IH), L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Infra Equity Advisors (IH-GP), LLC Delaware Apollo Infra Equity Management GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Infra Equity Management, L.P. Delaware Apollo India Services LLP India Woodmont RP GP 2017-2, LLC Delaware Apollo Rose II (I), L.P. Cayman Islands FCI Co-Investors IV (D), L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo ANRP Co-Investors III (DC-D), L.P. Delaware Apollo ANRP Advisors III (P1 APO DC-GP), LLC Cayman Islands Apollo ANRP Advisors III (P1 APO DC), L.P. Cayman Islands 

Apollo ANRP Advisors III (P2), L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Infra Equity Co-Investors (D), L.P. Delaware Apollo Advisors Highlands Co-Invest GP, LLC Delaware Apollo European Middle Market Private Debt Fund (A), a Compartment of Apollo Multi-Credit Fund (Lux) SCS SICAV-RAIF Luxembourg AP Elbow Co-Invest GP, LLC Cayman Islands Apollo Infra Equity Co-Investors (IH-D), L.P. Delaware Apollo Infra Equity Advisors (APO DC UT), L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Infra Equity Advisors (IH UT), L.P. Cayman Islands AP IX Titan Holdings GP, LLC Delaware MMJV LLC Cayman Islands RRH Asset Management CIV GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Investment Management Europe (Luxembourg) S.a r.l. Luxembourg Apollo Accord Management III, LLC Delaware Apollo Accord Advisors III, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Accord Advisors GP III, LLC Cayman Islands Apollo ADIP Capital Management, LLC Cayman Islands Apollo ADIP Advisors, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo ADIP Management, LLC Delaware Apollo Revolver Management GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Revolver Management, L.P. Delaware Apollo ADIP Co-Investors (D), L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Alamo GP, LLC Cayman Islands Apollo Alamo Co-Investors (D), L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo European MMPDF (B) Cayman GP, LLC Cayman Islands Bonneville Holdings Delaware GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Revolver Capital Management, LLC Cayman Islands Apollo Revolver Advisors, L.P. Cayman Islands AP IX Acme Holdings GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Acme Co-Invest GP, LLC Delaware AP IX (PMC) VoteCo, LLC Delaware AP Kent Advisors GP, LLC Cayman Islands AP Kent Advisors, L.P. Cayman Islands AP Kent Management, LLC Delaware AGRE Florida Retail Advisors LLC Cayman Islands AP Bonneville Advisors, LLC Cayman Islands AP Drive Advisors, LLC Delaware Apollo Structured Credit Recovery Advisors IV (APO DC) LLC Delaware AP IX First Street Holdings GP, LLC Delaware Apollo India Partners II GP (KY), LLC Delaware Apollo India Partners II (KY), L.P. Cayman Islands 

Apollo Chiron Advisors GP, LLC Cayman Islands Apollo Chiron Advisors, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Chiron Management, LLC Delaware AMH Servicing, LLC Delaware APH Funding 1, LLC Cayman Islands APH Funding 2, LLC Cayman Islands APH Funding 3, LLC Cayman Islands APH Finance 1, LLC Delaware APH Finance 2, LLC Delaware APH Finance 3, LLC Delaware Apollo U.S. Real Estate Advisors GP III, LLC Cayman Islands Apollo Navigator Capital Management I, LLC Cayman Islands Apollo Navigator Management I, LLC Delaware Apollo Navigator Advisors I, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Navigator Co-Investors I (D), L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Accord Co-Investors III (D), L.P. Delaware Apollo U.S. Real Estate Advisors III, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo WCH Management, LLC Delaware AP Partnership Representative, LLC Delaware Apollo Alteri Investments Advisors II, S.a r.l. Luxembourg Apollo PPF Advisors GP, LLC Cayman Islands Apollo PPF Advisors, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo PPF Co-investors (FC-D), L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo PPF Credit Management, LLC Delaware Apollo PPF (Lux) GP, S.a r.l. Luxembourg Apollo Navigator Co-Investors I (DC-D), L.P. Delaware Apollo Navigator Advisors I (APO DC-GP), LLC Cayman Islands Apollo Navigator Advisors I (APO DC), L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Royalties Management I, LLC Delaware Apollo Royalties Advisors I, L.P. Delaware Apollo Royalties Advisors I GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Revolver Co-Investors (D), L.P. Cayman Islands PK AIR 1 GP LLC Delaware AP IX GenPar, LLC Cayman Islands Apollo Chiron Credit Co-Investors (D), L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo PK Air Management (CLO) GP LLC Delaware PK AirFinance Japan G.K. Japan PK AirFinance US, L.P. Delaware Apollo Infrastructure Opportunities Fund II (Lux) GP, S.a r.l. Luxembourg Apollo Infrastructure Opportunities Advisors II GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Infrastructure Opportunities Advisors II, L.P. Cayman Islands 

Apollo Infrastructure Opportunities II Co-Investors (D), L.P. Delaware Apollo Infrastructure Opportunities Management II GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Infrastructure Opportunities Management II, L.P. Delaware Apollo USREF Co-Investors III (D), L.P. Delaware Apollo Asia Management II Advisors, LLC Delaware Apollo Asia Management II, L.P. Delaware Apollo Asia Real Estate Advisors II GP, LLC Cayman Islands Apollo Asia Real Estate Advisors II, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Asia Real Estate II Co-Investors (D), L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo MidCap Holdings (Cayman) III, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Athora Preferred Share Partnership Management, LLC Cayman Islands AION Capital Management II Limited Mauritius Apollo Asia Real Estate Fund II (Lux) GP, S.a r.l. Luxembourg AIOF II Njord Co-Invest GP, LLC Delaware Apollo PPF Credit Strategies (Lux) GP, S.a r.l. Luxembourg Apollo PPF Credit Strategies Advisors GP, LLC Cayman Islands Apollo PPF Credit Strategies Advisors, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo PPF Credit Strategies Co-Investors (FC-D), L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo PPF Credit Strategies Management, LLC Delaware Apollo Life Asset GP, LLC Cayman Islands ATCF (Cayman) GP, LLC Cayman Islands Apollo Accord Advisors GP IV, LLC Cayman Islands Apollo Accord Advisors IV, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Accord Management IV GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Accord Co-Investors IV (D), L.P. Delaware Apollo Accord Management IV, L.P. Delaware Apollo Accord Advisors GP III B, LLC Cayman Islands Apollo Accord Advisors III B, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Accord Management III B GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Accord Co-Investors III B (D), L.P. Delaware Apollo Accord Management III B, L.P. Delaware AP Ulysses Advisors, LLC Delaware AP Fort Advisors, LLC Delaware Apollo ETLIC Management GP, LLC Delaware Apollo ETLIC Management, L.P. Delaware MidCap FinCo (II) Designated Activity Company Ireland AA IX Holdings, LLC Cayman Islands AP AL Holdings GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Accord Fund IV (Lux) GP, S.a r.l. Luxembourg AP AL Borrower GP, LLC Delaware ASOP Capital Management, LLC Delaware 

ASOP Advisors GP, LLC Cayman Islands AOP Capital Management, LLC Delaware AOP Advisors GP, LLC Cayman Islands Apollo Strategic Origination Management, L.P. Delaware Apollo Strategic Origination Advisors, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Origination Management, L.P. Delaware Apollo Origination Advisors, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Origination Advisors (Lux) GP, S.a r.l. Luxembourg Apollo Hybrid Value Overseas Partners (Lux) GP II, S.a r.l. Luxembourg Apollo Hybrid Value Capital Management II, LLC Delaware Apollo Hybrid Value Management GP II, LLC Delaware Apollo Hybrid Value Advisors II, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Hybrid Value Management II, L.P. Delaware Apollo HVF Co-Investors II (D), L.P. Delaware ASOP Co-Investors (D), L.P. Cayman Islands AOP Co-Investors (D), L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Global Carry Pool Aggregator III, L.P. Cayman Islands ACTIV Management, LLC Delaware Apollo Credit TALF Management, L.P. Delaware AP Caps II Holdings GP, LLC Cayman Islands APSG Sponsor, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Strategic Growth Capital IV Cayman Islands Apollo Strategic Growth Capital III Cayman Islands AIOF II Thor Co-Invest GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Royalties Co-Investors I (D), L.P. Delaware Acropolis Infrastructure Acquisition Corp. Delaware Delphi Growth Capital Corp. Delaware Apollo Asia Real Estate Fund II Administration, LLC Delaware Apollo Athora KG Management, LLC Cayman Islands Apollo Humber Management GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Humber Management, L.P. Delaware Apollo Humber Advisors, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Humber Advisors GP, LLC Cayman Islands Apollo USREF III HP Holdings Advisors, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Grizzly Bear Co-Invest Ultimate GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Grizzly Bear Co-Invest GP, L.P. Delaware Apollo Impact Mission Overseas Partners (Lux) GP, S.a r.l. Luxembourg Apollo Impact Mission Management GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Impact Mission Management, L.P. Delaware Apollo Impact Mission Co-Investors (D), L.P. Delaware AP EPF III (Borrower AL GP), LLC Delaware 

Apollo USREF III AL Borrower GP, LLC Delaware Apollo USREF III Royce Holdings Advisors, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Impact Mission Advisors, L.P. Cayman Islands AP EPF III (Guarantor AL GP), LLC Delaware Apollo USREF III AL Guarantor GP, LLC Delaware AP Tele Advisors, LLC Delaware Apollo Asia Real Estate SC Coinvest Fund, L.P. Delaware Apollo Asia Real Estate SC Coinvest Advisors L.P. Cayman Islands AP Inception Co-Invest ML GP, LLC Delaware AP AL Guarantor GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Pencil Advisors, LP Cayman Islands Apollo Pencil Advisors GP, LLC Delaware AA Pencil Offshore Holdings, L.P. Cayman Islands Athene Freedom Holdings LP Cayman Islands Apollo Freedom Management LP Delaware Apollo Freedom Management GP LLC Delaware Apollo Freedom Advisors GP LLC Delaware Apollo Freedom Advisors, LP Cayman Islands AP Tundra Manager LLC Delaware APSG Advisors, L.P. Cayman Islands APSG Advisors GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Tundra Advisors GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Tundra Advisors, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Tundra Management GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Tundra Management, L.P. Delaware APSG Advisors II, L.P. Cayman Islands APSG Advisors III, L.P. Cayman Islands APSG Advisors IV, L.P. Cayman Islands APSG Sponsor II, L.P. Cayman Islands APSG Sponsor III, L.P. Cayman Islands APSG Sponsor IV, L.P. Cayman Islands AP Caps V, Corp. Delaware AP Caps VI, Corp. Delaware AP Caps VII, Corp. Delaware AP Caps VIII, Corp. Delaware AP Caps IX, Corp. Delaware Apollo Management Asia Pacific Holdings Limited Hong Kong Apollo Asia Peridot Co-Investment Fund L.P. Delaware Apollo Asia Peridot Co-Investment Advisors L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Strategic Growth Capital V Cayman Islands Apollo Strategic Growth Capital VI Cayman Islands 

Apollo Strategic Growth Capital VII Cayman Islands Apollo Strategic Growth Capital VIII Cayman Islands Apollo Strategic Growth Capital IX Cayman Islands Apollo Europe Limited Malta Apollo Primrose Investment Management, LLC Delaware Apollo Global Carry Pool Aggregator IV, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Pencil Management GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Pencil Management, L.P. Delaware Acropolis Infrastructure Acquisition Sponsor, L.P. Cayman Islands Acropolis Infrastructure Acquisition Advisors, L.P. Cayman Islands APH III (Sub III), Ltd. Cayman Islands APH III (Sub IV), Ltd. Cayman Islands APH III (Sub V), Ltd. Cayman Islands APH III (Sub II), Ltd. Cayman Islands APH III (Sub), Ltd. Cayman Islands Apollo Intermediary Services, LLC Delaware AP Monterrey Advisors, LLC Delaware Apollo MidCap B Feeder, L.P. Cayman Islands Delphi Growth Capital Advisors, L.P. Cayman Islands Delphi Growth Capital Sponsor, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo HVF Fund Administration, LLC Delaware Apollo Global Management, Inc. Delaware Apollo Credit Secondaries I Advisors GP, LLC Cayman Islands Apollo Credit Secondaries I Management, L.P. Delaware Apollo Credit Secondaries I Advisors, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Credit Secondaries I Management GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Credit Secondaries I GP, LLC Cayman Islands Apollo Credit Secondaries Fund I (B), L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo SPAC Advisors I GP, LLC Cayman Islands Apollo SPAC Management I, L.P. Delaware Apollo SPAC Advisors I, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo SPAC Management I GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Oak Advisors GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Oak Management, L.P. Delaware Apollo Oak Advisors, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Oak Management GP, LLC Delaware AP Land Services GP, LLC Delaware AP Land Services, L.P. Delaware Apollo Gibraltar Advisors, LLC Delaware Apollo European Direct Lending (Lux) GP, S.a r.l. Luxembourg Apollo Management Singapore Holdings Pte. Ltd. Singapore 

Eliant Invest GP LP Delaware Eliant Invest Management LP Delaware Apollo Eliant GP Advisors LLC Delaware Apollo Eliant Management GP LLC Delaware Apollo European Direct Lending Management, L.P. Delaware Apollo European Direct Lending GP, LLC Delaware Apollo EPF Advisors IV, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo EPF IV Capital Management, LLC Cayman Islands Apollo EPF Management IV GP, LLC Delaware Apollo EPF Management IV, L.P. Delaware Apollo Revolver Capital Management II, LLC Cayman Islands Apollo Revolver Management II, L.P. Delaware Apollo Revolver Advisors II, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Revolver Co-Investors II (D), L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Revolver Management GP II, LLC Delaware Apollo HGA Management GP, LLC Delaware Apollo HGA Management, L.P. Delaware AP Violet Advisors GP, LLC Delaware AP Violet Advisors, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo EPF IV (Lux) GP, S.a r.l. Luxembourg AA GP Solutions Advisors GP, LLC Delaware AA GP Solutions Management GP, LLC Delaware AA GP Solutions Management, L.P. Delaware AA GP Solutions Advisors, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo EIG Management, L.P. Delaware Apollo EIG GP, LLC Delaware APSG Europe Sponsor, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo SPAC Co-Investors I (D), L.P. Cayman Islands AP VIII (Co-A DSB), L.P. Delaware Apollo Advisors VIII (DSB), L.P. Delaware Apollo VP Advisors GP, LLC Delaware Apollo VP Advisors, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Wessex Management, L.P. Delaware Apollo Wessex Advisors, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Wessex Advisors GP, LLC Delaware Wessex GP LLC Cayman Islands Apollo Wessex Management GP, LLC Delaware AHVF Clerius Holdings GP, LLC Delaware AP Liberty GP, LLC Cayman Islands Apollo Sequoia Advisors GP LLC Delaware Apollo Sequoia Management GP LLC Delaware 

Apollo Sequoia Management L.P. Delaware Apollo Sequoia Advisors, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Accord+ Fund (Lux) GP, S.a r.l. Luxembourg A-AC RML-EBO Manager, LLC Delaware Apollo Shore Management GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Shore Management, L.P. Delaware Apollo Asia Real Estate Shore Coinvest Advisors GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Asia Real Estate Shore Coinvest Advisors, L.P. Cayman Islands AP Valparaiso Manager LLC Delaware Apollo Accord+ Advisors GP, LLC Cayman Islands Apollo Accord+ Advisors, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Accord+ Management, L.P. Delaware Apollo Accord+ Management GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Accord+ Co-Investors (D), L.P. Delaware ATCF Member Limited England and Wales Apollo MC GP Investor (GP), LLC Delaware AP MC GP Investor, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo MC IM Investor (GP), LLC Delaware AP MC IM Investor, L.P. Cayman Islands AP Rome Co-Invest GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Core Infrastructure Management, L.P. Delaware Apollo Core Infrastructure Management GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Good Advisors GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Good Advisors, LP Cayman Islands ARIS Management, LLC Delaware ARIS Special Limited Partner, LLC Delaware AA WH 1 GP LLC Delaware AP Gemini, LLC Delaware AA WH HoldCo GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Core Infrastructure Advisors GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Core Infrastructure Advisors, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Revolver Management II (ATH), L.P. Delaware Apollo Revolver Advisors II (ATH), L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Revolver Management II (ATH) GP, LLC Delaware AIOF II Electra Co-Invest GP, LLC Delaware Apollo HV Advisors GP, LLC Delaware Apollo HV Advisors, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Total Return Fund - Investment Grade Advisors GP, LLC Cayman Islands Apollo Total Return Fund - Investment Grade Advisors, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Total Return Fund - Investment Grade Management, L.P. Delaware Apollo Total Return Fund - Investment Grade Co-Investors (D), L.P. Delaware 

Apollo Total Return Fund - Investment Grade Management GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Extreme Management GP, LLC Delaware AP Extreme Advisors, L.P. Cayman Islands AP Extreme Advisors GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Extreme Management, L.P. Delaware A-M Direct Lending GP (Lux) S.a r.l. Luxembourg AP Saturn Investor GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Accord Fund V (Lux) GP, S.a r.l. Luxembourg Apollo EPF Co-Investors IV (D), L.P. Cayman Islands AP Safety Advisors, LLC Delaware AP Aristotle Manager, LLC Delaware AA MMF 1 HOLDCO GP LLC Delaware Apollo Accord Fund V (Lux), SCSp Luxembourg Apollo HA IG Management, L.P. Delaware Apollo HA IG Management GP, LLC Delaware ANRP III (Sapphire) Holdings, L.P. Delaware Apollo Asia Real Estate Green Coinvest Advisors, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Asia Real Estate Green Coinvest Advisors GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Asia Green Management, L.P. Delaware Apollo Asia Green Management GP, LLC Delaware AP Mustang Advisors, LLC Delaware Apollo Petros Management GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Petros Management, L.P. Delaware Apollo Petros Advisors, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Petros Advisors GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Real Estate Fund Adviser Holdings, LLC Delaware Apollo Capital Credit Adviser, LLC Delaware Apollo Real Estate Fund Adviser, LLC Delaware Apollo Overseas Partners (Lux) X GP, S.a r.l. Luxembourg AP Calliope GP, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Calliope Management, LLC Delaware Apollo Calliope Co-Investors (D), L.P. Delaware AP Calliope (GP), LLC Delaware AP EPF III Dream Co-Invest GP, LLC Cayman Islands Apollo Accord Advisors GP V, LLC Cayman Islands Apollo Accord Advisors V, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Accord Co-Investors V (D), L.P. Delaware Apollo Accord Management V GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Accord Management V, L.P. Delaware Apollo AVG Management, L.P. Delaware Apollo M-EDL Management, L.P. Delaware 

Apollo Otter Advisors, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Otter Management GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Otter Management, L.P. Delaware Apollo Otter Advisors GP, LLC Delaware ACS GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Capital Markets Partnership, L.P. Delaware Apollo ACS Holdings, L.P. Delaware AIF X Management, LLC Delaware Apollo Advisors X, L.P. Delaware Apollo Capital Management X, LLC Delaware Apollo Co-Investors X (D), L.P. Delaware Apollo Management X, L.P. Delaware Apollo Excelsior Management, L.P. Delaware Apollo Excelsior Ultimate GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Excelsior Management GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Excelsior Advisors, L.P. Delaware AIOF II Vanir Co-Invest GP, LLC Delaware A-A SPN-18 (AIMF - IAPCMD), L.P. Delaware ACMP Holdings, LLC Delaware AP Polygon Advisors, LLC Delaware AAA Advisors GP, LLC Cayman Islands Apollo Aligned Alternatives Advisors, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Aligned Alternatives Management, L.P. Delaware Apollo Aligned Alternatives Management GP, LLC Delaware Apollo ARIS Holdings LLC Delaware Apollo Defined Return Advisors GP, LLC Cayman Islands Apollo Defined Return Advisors, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Defined Return Co-Investors (D), L.P. Delaware Apollo Defined Return Management GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Defined Return Management, L.P. Delaware Apollo Capital Management Funding, LLC Delaware A-A Funding Holdco GP, LLC Cayman Islands Griffin Capital Securities, LLC Delaware Apollo TAMF Co-Invest Ultimate GP, LLC Delaware Apollo TAMF Co-Invest GP, L.P. Delaware Visionbridge Life Sciences Management GP, LLC Delaware Visionbridge Life Sciences Management, L.P. Delaware Apollo 100 West Putnam Advisors, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo 100 West Putnam Advisors GP, LLC Cayman Islands Apollo 100 West Putnam Management, LLC Delaware AIOF II Pomodoro Co-Invest GP, LLC Delaware 

Apollo Alster Management, LLC Delaware AP Canoe Advisors, LLC Delaware Apollo PK Air Advisors GP, LLC Delaware Apollo PK Air Management, L.P. Delaware Apollo PK Air Management GP, LLC Delaware Apollo PK Air Advisors, L.P. Delaware PK LENDING AVIATION NOTES (EQUIPMENT SERIES) GP LLC Delaware Apollo Concrete Management GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Concrete Advisors GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Concrete Advisors, L.P. Delaware Apollo Concrete Management, L.P. Delaware Apollo Capital Solutions Europe B.V. Netherlands Apollo Excelsior Co-Investors (D), L.P. Delaware Apollo Credit Strategies Co-Investors (D), L.P. Delaware Apollo Diversified Opportunities Advisors GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Diversified Opportunities Advisors, L.P. Delaware Apollo Diversified Opportunities Management GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Diversified Opportunities Management, L.P. Delaware APO Nova Holdings, L.P. Delaware APO SNova Holdings GP, LLC Delaware Apollo PK Air GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Digital Origin Advisors GP, LLC Cayman Islands Apollo Digital Origin Advisors, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Digital Origin Co-Investors (D), L.P. Delaware Apollo Digital Origin Management GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Digital Origin Management, L.P. Delaware Sliders Advisors GP, LLC Delaware Sliders Advisors, L.P. Cayman Islands Sliders Management GP, LLC Delaware Sliders Management, L.P. Delaware Apollo Capital Credit Adviser Holdings, LLC Delaware Apollo Gretel Management, L.P. Delaware Apollo Gretel Management GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Gretel Advisors GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Gretel Advisors, L.P. Cayman Islands AIOF II Woolly Co-Invest GP, LLC Delaware AP Neptune Co-Invest GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Administrative Agency LLC Delaware AP Maia Manager LLC Delaware AP Maia SPV I LLC Cayman Islands AP Maia SPV II LLC Cayman Islands 

AP Darwin Holdings II GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Darwin Advisors, LLC Delaware Apollo Finance Aggregator LLC Delaware Apollo Management Advisors Switzerland Sarl Switzerland AP WRHS, L.P. Delaware Apollo Infrastructure Opportunities Fund III (Lux) GP, S.a r.l. Luxembourg Apollo Infrastructure Opportunities Advisors III GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Infrastructure Opportunities Advisors III, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Climate Overseas Partners (Lux) GP, S.a r.l. Luxembourg Apollo S3 Advisors, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo S3 Equity Advisors Holdings, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo S3 Equity Management, L.P. Delaware Apollo S3 Management, L.P. Delaware Apollo Climate Partners Advisors, L.P. Delaware Apollo Infrastructure Opportunities Management GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Infrastructure Opportunities Management, L.P. Delaware ATC Advisors GP, LLC Cayman Islands Apollo Transition Capital Advisors, L.P. Cayman Islands Apollo Transition Capital Management GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Transition Capital Management, L.P. Delaware Apollo Hemingway Real Estate (Lux), GP S.a r.l. Luxembourg ALTRA GP S.a r.l. Luxembourg Apollo Climate Partners Management GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Climate Partners Management, L.P. Delaware Apollo Aligned Alternatives (Lux) GP, S.a r.l. Luxembourg AP Climate YieldCo GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Credit Strategies IDF Advisors, LP Cayman Islands Apollo Debt Solutions IDF Advisors, LP Cayman Islands Apollo IDF Advisors GP LLC Delaware Apollo Opportunistic Multi-Asset Credit IDF Advisors, LP Cayman Islands Apollo Real Estate Income IDF Advisors, LP Cayman Islands Apollo Total Return Fund IDF Advisors, LP Cayman Islands Apollo Total Return Fund IG IDF Advisors, LP Cayman Islands VLS Holdings Advisors GP LLC Cayman Islands VLS Holdings Advisors, L.P. Cayman Islands VLS Management LLC Delaware Apollo Opportunity Foundation Delaware Apollo Advisors X (EH-GP), LLC Cayman Islands AA Lending Advisors GP, LLC Delaware AA RRH GP, LLC Cayman Islands AP EPF IV One Co-Invest GP, LLC Cayman Islands 

Apollo Cadma Management GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Cadma Advisors, L.P. Delaware Apollo Cadma Advisors GP, LLC Delaware Apollo Cadma Management, L.P. Delaware Apollo Climate Partners Capital Management, LLC Delaware AP Hansel Manager, LLC Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 11
 exhibit311aamq42022.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CO-PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER CERTIFICATION 
 I, Scott Kleinman, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Apollo Asset Management, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The Registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The Registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 28, 2023 
 
 s Scott Kleinman Scott Kleinman Co-President (co-principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 12
 exhibit312aamq42022.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CO-PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER CERTIFICATION 
 I, James Zelter, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Apollo Asset Management, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The Registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The Registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 28, 2023 
 
 s James Zelter James Zelter Co-President (co-principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-31.3>
 13
 exhibit313aamq42022.htm
 EX-31.3

Document 

Exhibit 31.3 
 CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER CERTIFICATION 
 I, Johannes Worsoe, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Apollo Asset Management, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The Registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The Registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 28, 2023 
 
 s Johannes Worsoe Johannes Worsoe Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.3>

<EX-32.1>
 14
 exhibit321aamq42022.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 Certification of the Co-Principal Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Apollo Asset Management, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Scott Kleinman, Co-President of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date February 28, 2023 
 
 s Scott Kleinman Scott Kleinman Co-President (co-principal executive officer) 
 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 15
 exhibit322aamq42022.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 Certification of the Co-Principal Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Apollo Asset Management, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, James Zelter, Co-President of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date February 28, 2023 
 
 s James Zelter James Zelter Co-President (co-principal executive officer) 
 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-32.3>
 16
 exhibit323aamq42022.htm
 EX-32.3

Document 

Exhibit 32.3 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Apollo Asset Management, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Johannes Worsoe, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date February 28, 2023 
 
 s Johannes Worsoe Johannes Worsoe Chief Financial Officer 
 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.3>

<EX-101.SCH>
 17
 apo-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 18
 apo-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 19
 apo-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 20
 apo-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 21
 apo-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

